When I was in my last year of undergraduate I was in a bunch of student clubs and societies. One of them was an atheist/secularist one and a bunch of them would always post about how stupid anyone who believes in God is and how they don't know anything about science.  It was fairly amusing to find one of them in the physics class I was a TA for the next semester. Like bruh shouldn't you be teaching me??
Noriyuki "Pat" Morita aka Mr Miyagi from the Karate Kid trilogy
But don't most people want to look good in Vegas?
Wait for the IRS to assassinate me
My dad died about 5 years ago. He was a good person, and always tried to see the best in other people. He was sick for a long time, and so it wasn’t unexpected, but still very sad.  I’m not going to sugarcoat it: if you have a good relationship with anyone, and they die, it’s going to suck. Hard. You are going to feel like the colour has left the world, that laughing is disrespectful to their memory, and you’re going to have the thought of “oh, I should ask them about... no... wait.... they’re dead” and it’ll hurt all over again. Rinse, wash, repeat. Over and over and over.  While you are going through this, you need to make a conscious effort to make sure that you’re doing all the things that you need to do to keep alive. Eating actual vegetables, getting exercise, washing yourself, changing your clothes, getting sunshine.  And it will suck, but as trite as it is, it gets better. Someone makes a stupid joke, and you laugh. The hole they left will fill with the memories you had. The colour will eventually come back in, little by little.  Hope you’re okay there OP.
I’m blue da ba dee da ba die da ba dee da ba die.
Drop dead
Lol, it’s not 😂 but go on
Save the the world
Good food where I live
4fma binge. Eyes peeled at day 4
I got stabbed in the heart and I legit thought I wasn't dreaming, but dying.
Yes and no.  I got an account and some insurance with the same bank. I forgot about it for some time. I had a debt but they couldn't reach me for so long (I moved olaces in between), they closed the account and have written it off.
The shit hole next to WONDERFUL GARY INDIANA!   Home of Michael Jackson and the famous Gary Steelworks, giving America her muscle in fighting the war on COMMUNISEXUALTHIESMLAM.   A new disease... Why pick up a steel rail beam at the gift shop and whack degenerates, just like dad!
Pirates of the Caribbean.  First one is excellent, the others steadily progress to rubbish.
He made two portraits of me. Both of them so accurate I thought it was my photo at first.
It looks way too much like chocolate for me to take it seriously
Immediately pay half of it as taxes
Something that one culture made up  Pretty sure home/shelter/housing is universal to all people
I haven't seen it but I read the Wikipedia article about and it freaked me about. Nuclear war movies scare the shit out of me.
How to kill a mamut the fastest way.
So did Chris Cornell and Chester Bennington,  apparently.
Even though I will drink poor quality...  Water
I didn't say I need a good smartphone, I said cheaper ones break faster. I get cheap ones and they all brick themselves within 2-3 years maximum from one day to the next with no apparent reason or warning. Once this happens, they are completely unusable. The one I'm writing on is only a couple of years old and spends more time crashing than anything else, but I'm not going spend my whole month's water, electricity, and food money on a new phone, I'll wait till this one bricks, then get another cheap one because I have responsibilities.
You've hit the nail on the head right there.  Most first-time watchers watch it with huge expectations of it living up to the first one.  But if you watch it with managed expectations, it's not bad at all.  Loved every scene with Dr. Oken in it!
Alex Trebek. Me and my dad used to watch jeopardy together every day, and it was really the only time we got to bond.
"Everything in moderation, including moderation." So most of the time I'm a responsible adult, but there are those times where I go insane in the best way possible.
No I did not. Some of the girls were transferred from there to the academy, and told me what it was like.
Shock Labyrinth... just wtf
If home is where the heart is then maybe they are heartless people?
You do realize the difference is trivial right? The only difference between crocodiles and what you’re considering “dinosaurs” is that crocodiles have legs that extend from the sides whereas dinosaurs extend from underneath? Aside from that, they share the same common ancestor, lived alongside each other in the same time period, and ate the same things. One might even say they are the same and the fact that crocodiles legs evolved slightly differently from all other dinosaurs is a trivial difference that doesn’t really matter unless you’re being really, really picky about it.
Chester Bennington
Ikr. I have no idea what they were expecting
Paul Walker
I always recommend Brother. Bit more expensive on the outset but they don't pull any of this 'required brand ink' or subscription service BS.
so around 23% of the disproportion in violent crimes is explained by poverty.
Brand new cherry flavor
Kill List.   A fantastic film but a hard watch nonetheless
Please, this is not a docudrama, this is obviously a fetish pseudosnuff movie in a docudrama wrapping. It was clearly made for the sake of cruelty, not for the sake of memory of the poor people who were tortured there.
Aaron Burr, but the opposite.  LMM made it so he was relatably careful and anxious but the man was just a genuine asshole and a downright traitor. He had a second, secret family, never a day in his life regretted murdering Hamilton and spent years directly after the fact planning a (and I kid you not) a whole coup for him to claim a chunk of America as his own- to one day perhaps conquer America to make it a monarchy of his name. Fuck Aaron Burr
Gift my closest people enough money to love comfortably and then stop worrying about everything.
I believe in initial connection at first sight. But that is not what I would class as love- I see love as a much more intimate terms that is much deeper that what these people experience at first sight.   And yes, I believe that these can form a long lasting relationship if grown into love. That initial feeling is not ‘love’- like I’m saying I wouldn’t believe someone if they say they talked to someone for 5 mins then said they are madly in love with them.   Strong connection that can turn into love, yes. Literal, ‘love’ at first sight, no.
A letter my grandpa wrote me about how heartbroken he was to know my grandma was in heaven and he had to live without her.   I didn’t lose the letter, it was stolen from me from an ex in an attempt to hurt me. It worked and I haven’t seen it since.
David Bowie really hurt. We had just been to an amazing exhibition of his work in Melbourne and had seen Labyrinth in the cinema, a couple months later he was gone. So sad.
What's he gonna do, not forgive me?
What happened to the cum after the sex
You dare assume my timezone
 A Serbian Film...
Kobe Bryant
I’d award that if I could
Reddit Enhancement Suit (Res)
Yeah in the shower with her leg on your hip. Pretty hot. But slippery like hell.
You remind me of that song from Offspring, The kids aren't all right.
You wouldn't like working where I do then. Garlic, tobacco, alcohol... Something that I can't identify, but definitely has all three of those to some degree. These folk got everything.
I like the Fiennes portrayal. I prefer the Noonan one, but maybe that's got something to do with me preferring Manhunter to Red Dragon. When Fiennes is how is chowing down the Red Dragon artwork, that was a bit creepy.
Weirdly enough, John Candy. It was the first celebrity death I could vividly remember. I just remember seeing it on the news and it just clicking that I won’t see any more of his movies any more.
i hate religion therefore i am critical thinking.......eh, no.....  no, it shows you are hateful materialist or you see the jerk in the mirror as the only deity you worship...  would these people go to CERN and tell it  to all priests working there to their faces?
Thank you, I really needed that. :')
Daniel larusso
uBlock
Prolly mma
Comparing the two movies to me is kind of like comparing a ww2 veteran with the columbine school shooters.   They both used guns to kill people.   It's the morality of it which changes everything.
Sounds like life as a millennial, if you replace the nukes with everything but.
fair enough for me, couldn't have said it better myself
The c-PTSD is a tough one. People think PTSD is just for war veterans, but you'd be very surprised how many people suffer from it. It put me in a rehab clinic 6 months later. That helped.         I also have bipolar mood disorder and ADHD  (both pre-existing) which have become more difficult to control because of the traumatic brain injury.         There is no gross functional impairment due to the TBI, but I guess some people would say I've changed. I know I now struggle to read recreationally, where as I used to enjoy a good book every week or two. I just can't seem to keep the plot threads together now like I used to.         I'm on 11 different medications to help control my psychiatric illnesses. I've done meds reviews where I wean off everything to see how I cope without meds, and they end badly, so I am more or less certain that whatever the cause, I am ill and need medicine to assist in keeping me a functional and productive adult. Just like any other chronic illness.         Luckily I have had a very good support structure, a good Psychiatrist and therapist and received the appropriiate treatment.         Most of all, an incredible wife whose patience knows (almost) no bounds and who can handle our twin toddlers like a professional.         All in all: almost deadly motorbike accident - 100% would not recommend.
Autistic people
This year I'll probably dress as Karl Marx to scare my teachers. My best costume was as a British soldier during D-Day, with an authentic Lee Enfield, helmet and historically accurate gear.
I prefer the term, a 'distinguished johnson'.
Misread that as 'excrement' haha
They don’t actually like the music lol
Come and See.   And then you go and never want to watch it again.
Made my bed. It’s a small step but by actually getting out of the bed, even if you inevitably get back into it, making the bed is the move. Eventually you’ll just be like well I don’t want to make it again and now that I’m up maybe I’ll do …anything.
Chop up some celery and red onion. Squeeze lemon juice, and add mayonnaise and a bit of cayenne pepper. Pulse in the food processor, then you have chickpea salad for a nice sandwich.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tell my mum and dad about my mental health before my doctor
Noisy eaters! People who talk with a mouth full of food or chew with their mouths open. It makes me crazy!
Thst movie was great. Fucked up but great
Play that tune they was playing at the red wedding in game of thrones
The human centipede. The human centipede 2
Alfred Molina
Mac Miller. Too many of my close friends have OD’d. I felt his death in my bones.
Audition - directed by Takeshi Miike
the world is ending and my mental health is getting worse by the day
What the ever-loving fuck?
Ask your mum
Buy all the surrounding homes around a cheating parents secret escape and permanently decrease the resale value of their home by extension.  Put political stuff up everywhere.
It's 10h30 a.m.
Hey listen, I know this conversation is a dead end.  But I just wanted to say thanks for all the laughs.  For my bar friends, too.  You were fantastic.
got caught doing it in semi-public by cops but they just laughed at us and didnt do anything about it (white privilege in action, i will admit). i was still shitting myself tho cuz it was my first run-in with police and i ended up putting my shirt on backwards
When people get pregnant and you don't immediately laugh cause you are not sure if it was  accidental or not. When I was young the pregnancy wasn't planned but it is actually likely to be pregnant my age.  I'm in my mid twenties and some of my friends are getting married. Scary s**t...
Its only illegal if someone sees
Yes and this is still better than communism and socialism
Haha. Too too much
That I watch wholesome hentais. A lot of them.
Do you want suggestions for movies to put you to sleep or to entertain you?
I'm a pissed up testicosticle, do you want to hear the good news?  (Pulls out beer)
Ooof
Write a living will
Sex, weed, vacations, running.
Wake up
My Way by good ol’ Frank.
Cute: Smol, shy, likes sundresses,  Sexy: Tight clothes, swagger in her walk, bold makeup, probably actively trying to be "sexy"  Hot: Similar to sexy but more casual, not trying to "exude sex"
Fuckin sadists I suppose. Corrupted school board? I have no idea
I mentioned Robin Williams death to my 14 year old the other day and said “Whaaaaaat? He’s dead? I didn’t know”  I totally bummed her out without realizing it
I got down to Cats and didn't see either El Topo or The Holy Mountain.
what best rock??
Happened many a time and I’ve been on both sides of that. After one date you forget it pretty quickly. The objective of a date obviously is to establish if there’s enough compatibility/energy/desire to move forward. If the other person thinks there isn’t…cool, was one date, I’m not overly invested. Immediately disappointed but we move forward and not dwell on it
You can pull off a lot of shit if you just mutter to yourself "20 seconds of courage" when an obstacle comes up. And then cowboy up for 20 seconds. After that, I usually see that the obstacle wasn't as bad as I previously though. Knock that pussy of the pedestal.
I actually saw him perform with Soundgarden only a few days before he killed himself and he put on a great show, which just made it even more surreal when I heard the news. Just goes to show that often those in the most pain are the best at hiding it..
Jarhead had a sequel???
My dad and I are a big fan of him. We didn't expect him to just died like that. Before that, we were planning to buy the "One More Light"album. Shit went hard when me and my dad listened to it in our car. Rip :(
For a split second I thought, "wow, imagine if the U.S. had a state named after the queen!" And then I realized we have several...
My roommate and I became very close friends in our freshman year. Now, two years later, she got an internship (in her defense it was a really demanding IB internship) and i wouldn't hear from her in weeks. When I stopped reaching out to her our communication died. But later, when she got free and done with her internship she would only reach out in group chats asking if anyone wants to go out.  It sounds very trivial as I'm writing it, but personally I have decided to not engage in relationships with people that don't seem to have the time for me or don't put in the effort. There are no hard feelings because as you grow older your priorities change and you have less time.
A bullet. I'm only going on my own terms.  *cue some sick soundtrack or something*
Korean. English is not my first language and after having seen bad remakes of series/movies from my own country in English, original is always the way to go for me.
Changed my routine
Came here to say that
Check comments for all the people that got hurt during stretching, it's fucking dangerous to move at all. This comments are giving me anxiety.
Fast and furious 7
I wouldn't say it's rich thing, more of middle class youth thing.  But what I hate is the lack of clothes that are whole under the "latest fashion" section.  They say they're selling new clothes, but all of those have fake holes in them. To me it's a waste of manufacturing costs.
Additionally talking about your mental health isn’t nearly as stigmatising for women as it was for men until recent years. So women are probably more likely to get help from friends or medical professionals for their depression, discuss their desire to end their life and have people intervene.   Even now there’s a long way to go until men feel safe sharing their feelings and emotions openly. It’s been generations of telling men to “man up” that it will take generations to undo the damage.
70 years worth of pizza
Bernie Mac for me.
Join us on r/theSopranos
How big do i boom. Kiss my cat and girl and get away from everyone that might get hurt.
The Road... never felt more depressed and suicidal in my life.
Knock out all my teeth snd find a man to share a tent with
Lady threw herself under the subway I was in. Since I was inside I didn't see anything, someone on the platform pulled it. Luckily there was a deep trench between the rails to prevent exactly this. The train went over her. She walked away.
Right... but as I said, i am talking about a totally visible, non-small-penised unicorn here
That one t shirt I lost somewhere ages ago. GOD I want it back
Mac miller, growing up my mom abandoned us but before that as things where going downhill for my family I would listen to his music and it helped me so much.
Vile. Players have to torture each other to be released from a house. Gets pretty gruesome
At 1b, giving 10m is like having 100$ and giving $1 to family, and the 1m to friends is 0.10$. It's nothing really.  Like, OP could give 100m to family including extended, and 10m to like 5-10 friends, and still have enough for them and their descendants to live like kings.  People have no idea how much 1Billion actually is.
Like you have anything better to say 🍆
Office hour over here.
Transfer it to high earning interest account and wait for bank to realise mistake. Hopefully by then interest is good, give them back billion live off interest.
Midsommer was a very disturbing film. The cliff scene was pretty brutal… the way it was filmed and the audio. After the film, gf and I just sat in silence for a few minutes trying to process what we’d just watched.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Immediately dump it into a fund with a low % interest and guarantees.  If/when the mistake is found and they contact me to get the money back, I will happily return the money and keep the thousands or millions of interest.  If it turns out the money is mine, I have no idea. Buy a congressman or something?
Zoro from One Piece. My sense of direction is absolutely terrible.
Ah, that’s a shame buddy. If it helps, I got a Gardena one (German brand). Not the cheapest, but they are known for being the “Rolls-Royce” (or “Cadillac” if you’re North American) of hoses. I’m very impressed with the quality.
When in doubt, use 'more'. Exept here others are saying lither.
What's the most stupid way you've seen someone make fire?
Chester Bennington, Chris Cornell, Kurt Cobain, and Jeffrey Epstein killed themselves.
that big fish will bite me when i swim across a lake
Somebody saying I said something that I in fact did not say.
Curious. Very curious
Yeah that's why it was as deep of a secret as it was.
I try not to live in the past, everything that happened has already happened
Heartbroken
When I realized I'm as old as my father was when my parents had me... I'm the third of three, and they got a late start in having kids... and I haven't even really started living.  Really strikes deep.  One of my cousin's said christimas before the apocalypse... "you know you three boys are the last of the 'our family name'  if you don't have children the 'family name' dies with our generation.  I never thought I was going to have a 'biological clock' but I feel that - I think that is a big sign of my age.
 i’m not sure if this counts at a movie, but the trials of gabriel fernandez absolutely broke me. the graphic depiction of the abuse and horror that child went through and the blatant negligence by the CPS people in LA country during that time made me spiral for a few days. i cried so much and felt so powerless.   i don’t mean to get political, but as someone who is generally against the death penalty, i’m glad that his stepfather who ultimately killed him, was sentenced to death. the mom deserved it more, frankly, but she got off with a life sentence since she plead guilty. that made me furious too.
Human Centipede
Talking about how much you love books and reading.  Had a friend of friend like this with a huge collection of books, everytime we were at her house she'd go on about how intellectually superior she was to others because of it.  No one had the heart to tell her Terry Pratchrt and Harry Potter are largely aimed at children and books on subjects like Crystal Healing, Wicca, Tarot etc scream the opposite of clever.
Well that’s fun. Happy cake day!
Wondering where it came from. Then get it all in hard cold cash, so my parents wont figure it out and confiscate it. Then, go to the store, and get that epic gaming setup that i always wanted. Then save the rest for later, so i dont have to get a loan for my studies etc.
That is not healthy do what makes you happy not for everybody else
Ice cream, I pay for it the next day but I’m out like a light afterwards
also quell that heart rate, because lets face it we would all be pounding our hearts and someone here would die of a heart attack.
I used to hate music untill a couple months ago. I started getting songs of Michael Jackson in my youtube recommendations, started listening to them and it evolved to the point where i would listen for hours a day like 1 or 2 songs on loop while playing games. God i wish i was born earlier, would definitely be MJ.
Ah A fellow Scholar.
I'm not saying you should do it, but I'd kill someone who spat on me.
Playing with some buddies
Because my mom makes delicious Food
Thank you for getting to these topics: Odors--your fabric softener, your body odor, your fast food or residual from the awful restaurant you went to for lunch-- heat, fabrics--any wool, cashmere, acrylics and other artificial fibers, sounds--including certain voices--and your eating, smacking, sucking on candy and chewing gum, sighing...The perception is extraordinarily helpful in certain careers, because we "just know." It helps to avoid danger. And there is no place for BS. But it's also draining, because we pick up on so much, it's like being a sponge.
I have a bunch of them, but the one I like to cuddle with the most is a seven feet long reticulated python my parents gave me when I was like five or six years old (I have always loved snakes and now I'm studying to become an herpetologist). <3
With the Old Breed: at Peleliu and Okinawa
There are several ways in which you are wrong but okay.
Whitney Houston and her daughter.  I can’t listen to her songs anymore.
The matrix. First one was really good. Other two very much abominations.
uh i think being a “friend” doing this to someone is a horrible activity regardless of the motivations
At the moment he died, I’d only ever seen him in 10 Things I Hate About You, so his death didn’t hit me at all, really. Then I saw The Dark Knight and was gutted that we lost such a great talent.
There’s one of these for subarus.  Cheap Reliable  Fast  Pick 2 😂
It was very helpful for me to see.
That’s horrible. I just looked it up I feel nauseous. That’s why my dad doesn’t like to talk about it. At that time he worked for customs, tracking down the backgrounds to determine who had clearance. He saw a lot of shit, and after receiving an award in the White House, he quit right after that- and was stationed into another position.  I was always confused because my mom/step dad would talk about the subject openly, but my dad refuses because he has the images in his head. I’m starting to get quite angry too, I didn’t know that.
Until they get raped by older ppl
The death of MAC MILLER broke my heart.   RIP
When I run out, the only thoughts are how to get some
I was unable to finish it, I was sobbing too hard ;(
Wake up
Princess Diana
Steve Irwin Princess Diana Chadwick Boseman  Hon. mention: Mike Jackson whom I pretend is just living as a hermit somewhere, and will tour soon.
Oh this made me laugh a lot!!  It's one of my favourites and at pretty much every family event I ask the DJ to play it.  As soon as it comes on, everyone in my extended family starts turning towards me because they know it's my fault that it's being played.  I'm sure they'd happily help you to choke me!! :-P
Sleepy Hollow, but when I was a kid. For some reason my parents though it was a movie that kids could watch and took me and my friends to the cinema. We were like 8 y/o.  Jesus christ the trauma.
Anna Kendrick, Sydney Sweeney and Margot Robbie.  Hope that clears it up
Replace the charging cable for my iPhone 5 that is a little frayed...
Probably back to the US
Dumping all the amount of my first few paychecks into buying in game currency/items for the bunch of MoBA/MMO RPG games.
Being happy
Pornhub.
When I came I realized it's nasty
I swear in not(╥﹏╥)
Cause its morning here
Increasing the popularity, adoption, and utilization of underutilized crops like fonio, butterfruit, uqu, or ulluqu.
Nobody can replicate that voice, good luck to any Soundgarden cover bands.
Your homies need a new friend
Depends on their overall style and appearance but generally speaking I admire that they at least *try* to rock it cause I couldn't pull it off.
Pizza and a Cold Beer.
Short bus.... just watch it
Buy crypto and move the money around till it is untraceable. Bank is gonna realise their mistake and claim it all back at some point. By this time, you must already be retired and living in some remote island.
hoping that they spend less time talking to you/paying attention. every time you see you have a message from them, you think “oh god” and aren’t looking forward to seeing them
People
I always wanted to be a pilot
Get that post clarity nut before I decide to do anything
That's a dumb statement.
Did it pop back, hope it doesn't hurt too bad.
Because I like being paid money. I work night shift at work.
first, USA is not the center of the world, 9/11 was basically nothing, i couldn't give less of a fuck, bigger problems are occuring right the fuck now.  second, stop being a little bitch  thir, humour is subjective, something don't stop being funny beacause YOU don't think it is.
That I know how to use incognito mode.
metal gear solid
Why do some dogs meet and immediately love each other, but other dogs meet and immediately hate each other?
Nothing. Chances are it was a mistake and people with that kind of money to misplace also have the ability to make your life a living hell if they don't outright kill you.
What do you think the term “social construct” means?
The video game ghost runner and also hentai I guess
Is it just the nerd stereotype or is having Warhammer and Gundams such a huge turnoff for you?
Kobe Bryant’s death hit me the hardest because of how tragic it was. Many basketball fans knew that he always went everywhere with his helicopter, but who would ever expect that he would die from one. It was also the day after LeBron passed him on the all-time scoring list and they were both being talked about on ESPN.   The fact that his daughter died as well was just so heartbreaking and it still feels unreal to this day. Both she and Kobe had so much ahead of them you’d never think they would in a million years be dead.    Man, I still can’t believe it… RIP Mamba, thanks for always inspiring me.
something trasy AF
ok
Happened to me once. I instantly knew i bombed and asked for a 2nd date, she said we were better as friends and i felt so sad because i had a crush on this girl for so long. Never bombed another date again, learned my lesson.
Don't know what to say about that. Is ,,good for you" sound offensive?
Anyone with Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller?
You my friend, have the easiest issue to solve.  Students are expected to learn and explore. Take it from a long-time academic turned professional (with an interdisciplinary career between several 'most challenging fields').  The question is, "Are you being productive?"  If you spend a couple months learning additional biochemical kinetics, it's directed study. If you write, you're practicing your trade. Trying to do a little programming to see if it's right for you? Great. Helping out at a non-profit, food-bank, or literally any other place can be a great way to see how different economic sectors work. Nearly anything you do while in college can be framed successfully. Even starting music lessons can be rationalized, and could help jumpstart a healthy work/life balance for your career. (If you took a full load and a half of classes, would the question of not working even be an issue?)  Here's the caveat... Beer pong and TV do not count. You actually have to be productive in one way or another. Just be honest about it.
Midsommar probably the weirdest snit I’ve seen tbh
First move- wake up.
This reminds me of that show, “Fraser”.
I feel this, I have feelings for one of my best friends and of course he has a girlfriend and always leads me on and says he loves me blah blah blah , and of course I love him back but its been 3 years of leading me on so I friend zoned him and he got sad and pissed off , and he's my only friend, I dont want to lose him, but being friends is the only way we can be in each other's lives because I know he's going to hurt me lol I know you didn't ask but damn it felt good to let out
Psst, I dig the username~
So a black guy walks into a bar, and sits down at the bar. He has a parrot on his shoulder, and as the bartender hands him his drink, he asks   “that’s a nice looking pet you got, where’d you get him?”   “Africa.” Says the parrot
Buy pizza
Midsommar
Money, business, too much to do and not enough hours in the day.  It's not for everyone obviously, but it's what drives some successful people.
They're stupid.  End of discussion.
You take 1 milion. They won't even notice.
I hear Pacific Rim’s sequel was dogshit. I’m not gonna taint my positive view of the first movie just to confirm this claim.
Antichrist really made an impact on me
Martyrs. F that  movie
All I know is it was alcohol intoxication. From what I remember, it wasn't determined to be suicide. Is there more to it? Did I hear wrong?
Amen
Thank that cool Nigerian Prince
Martyrs tops it for me. Being french I'm also very proud of what they were able to achieve. That's the only movie that made me look away during some scene.
Lmao I wasn't aware that the first date should allow whatever groping the other person pleases
Bob Ross
They're racist
I dont rememeber the name. But   There was this horror movie i wasnt allowed to watch but i had to go into the room with the big kids to ask my aunt a question ( mostlikly about food) and saw a dude fighting off people with blood coming from their eyes and had wierd tentacles coming from their belly buttons. I had night mares for days months and i think it was a james gunn movie. I dont know but it fucked me up.
Her alternate answer was free dinner
ok
The fact that no one has speed 2 : cruise control
I agree that "a few weeks" after a 2 year relationship seems extremely premature
From a medical standpoint, there are rare conditions where a person cannot consume meat based proteins/protein, so... health wise I guess its one of those things if you must, you must.  Other than that... I guess its one of those; as long as it doesn't impact the childs growth & development, parents should do whatever they feel is best for THEIR child \[in my opinion\].
Hierarchy-wise it still fits better.  Tolkien, for all his virtues was still a human raised as a christian. And Eru singing creation into existance sounds a whole lot more like "let there be light"  than slaying Ymir and making Midgard from his corpse or a seafoam horse and men made from treebark.  Sounds like Tolkien could have used a bit more selfawareness about his personal biases.
Pay off debts
What is the guy holding on the cover according to you? I always thought it was a flag.
Dead Snow  t's a really good zombie / horror film but the sequel is absolutely awful. Not quite birdemic awful but damn close.
I can't find it anywhere, it was so short I had to question what I saw
Wire transfer to an offshore crypto exchange that doesnt report to thr US. Buy a variety of crypto and transfer into a hard wallet with multiple back ups.
Oh my God.  I remember watching "Faces of Death" in High School. Were those scenes actual footage of people dying or were they re-creations? I don't remember.
But the thing is everyone has different destinations. Some people use hot or cute on all of the above.
Chester Bennington, Heath Ledger, Lil Peep
Canadians too. They were arguably as impacted by 9/11 as Americans were. Google “Operation Yellow Ribbon”, pretty incredible stuff
Macarons. Dude, it costs 0.12€ a piece to produce and you pay how much again ?!
Donny was a good bowler.  And a good man.  He was one of us.  He was a man who loved the outdoors.  And bowling.
The world war z movie, I watched it around when it came out and at the time thought it was pretty good, I've listened to the book on audible over the last month though and it completely shits on the movie
Realy
Cash out of the bank lolol
Jerry Orbach.   He played Detective Lenny Brisco in the original Law and Order. I was sitting in the OBGYN office, pregnant with my second child and it just gutted me when I heard he had passed. I had seen every episode of the original. I’m sure hormones had nothing to do with my breaking down lol.    Robin Williams was a very close second. If you haven’t already, watch What Dreams May Come. It hits in an entirely different way now.
Small talk makes me happy sometimes, like just to be acknowledged and chatted with occasionally. Like there was a guy who had a conversation with me in the waiting room at the doctor, he asked me if taking vitamins could help my narcolepsy hahaha. I’m gonna remember that for the next week now because he was nice and I thought that what he said was so silly.   Another thing would be someone just genuinely listening to me. I feel like I get ignored a lot, or not taken seriously. It’d be nice if someone could just tolerate my word vomit for 5-10 minutes and not seem super annoyed or bored or something.
Double meat and guac
Yes.   I always thought I fell in love a lot. I did it over and over again. I actually thought love wasn't "chemistry" and "fireworks", it was just companionship and strong friendship. All that "magic" claptrap was from Hollywood and Disney. I got married, I got divorced. Married again, divorced again. Still hopeful though, because I fell in love easily.  Then I met him. I fiiiinally understood what I had been missing. It all finally made sense. Nothing in my life was ever like this before. Yes, there is companionship - the most satisfying sort of comfortable togetherness. Yes, there is friendship - the best and strongest of my life. But it is so much more. Soooo much more. He is everything to me, and I am to him too. 6 years into the (I now know) only love of my life, we got married. And still, six years in, I smile just to look at him. I smile going to sleep every night with him beside me. I smile waking up every morning because he's there. Magic is right, fireworks are right. It's all there. We can't get enough of each other, and we never get sick of hanging out together. He is my best friend and the best person I have ever known.  Nothing has ever felt like this before. Even if it feels like love, even if it hurts - true love is a million times better, and a million times more worth it.   Yes.
The same.
Most of them
Yeah it was such a good performance, his dread when he realized his own reality was so real!
Take a screen shot
N. fowleri (brain-eating amoeba), I think is the only kind of pathogenic Naegleria, not quite sure of it's ecological importance but it can cause a pretty horrible disease (although extremely rare).
First time is grim but you can learn to like it
She might be worried that she’s too young for him
Mac miller.  I can always count on his music to make me feel better.
I'm a bartender, and thought it was a weird perception to have. It might be weird if she was eating fish or a salad, but it goes fine with burgers and things like that.
Put as much as i can in an online casino account. You dont need to play with it, but its like a secret bank account where it lays around for free forever. And you can withdraw any amount you need on your real bank account. And if someone IS asking questions, you can still say you won the withdraw in an online casino.
Omni Man exists.   There's your proof.
Being hung upside down from the ceiling
My best friend, you should see them 🥵  Yes he is a person but humans are mamals whish are animals so i can ckunt ger as the cutest one
This is the right answer
That makes me want to watch it more
Honey
A good.but sad film about a man and his dog turner and hutch
In Europe it's common to have house slippers.
Take it all and move it to an offshore account that can't be tracked, cause I know my broke ass doesn't have that money
Mind my own business
Your comment was just about homes not being a social construct and wasn’t about answering OPs question though.  > Home is definitely not a social construct
The first edit got me. I hope you get your 1bn you deserve it
The ending to dexter.. the show was amazing but the ending SUCKED
Lots of babies and small children are vegetarian with no choice in large parts of the world. It demonstrably works. There's no reason it's not a viable way to raise a kid.
Fucking spot on
Yeah. Someone shovelling hot coals down a rabbit hole. Still think about it now.
Wazzaaaàaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaap
Robin Williams, dude is the Goat.
Go to England. Or any other developed country (all of them) where it is free.
Diamond ofcourse
Adblock - A must  Popup blocker - Helps with popups  Grammarly - English sucks for me.
Freedom fighters 2
When I screamed at children for pointing lazers at me.   That shit is annoing.
The feeling of contentment when you have enough money to buy an extra anything you can put in backstock...that extra pack of TP, an extra butter tub, maybe 2 packs of diapers. To this day, I always am thankful that I can now put some essentials back for when i can't.
Where is this going(╥﹏╥)
I dunno usually when a girl doesn't text you it means she's either playing games or actually doesn't like you. I always assumed the ladder and just moved on. Ive ghosted people too it's nbd.
I watched A Serbian Film with a few friends years ago and still have nightmares. Fuck that movie
Mate, if I get a casual $1B, the first thing I am doing is buying your dad a house too. He sounds like he deserves it
Grave of the Fireflies
Cabin in the woods
Again!?
Chester bennington  Lonely kid born year 2000 watched transformers, searched the music and his life changed.  10 years later one piece of his life was quickly taken but will never be forgotten.  Linkin parks songs have helped me so much not only as a person but inspired me to learn an instrument and screaming.  My throat doesn't appreciate me learning to scream tho lol
When late night tv binge sessions gave headache in the morning
Dawg* same word different meaning
say to myself "i'll finally be able to afford daily coffee!"
Reminds me of the old worker's joke:  A job can be done in three different ways - Right, Cheap, Fast.  Choose two, and that's how it will be done.
Funny Games. The OG Austrian version
Yeah is bs
The human centipede. I wish I never let my friends convince myself to watch that
Nothing about Jesus is technically historically accurate because the earliest account of him ever is from 70AD from people who never met him. Everything we know about Jesus was written by people who never knew or met him so technically there is no hard evidence he even exists.
“Hey your the only one who can hear me right now. I’m up here in tue clouds. Listen you are one of a kind. No one else is like you so go and enjoy yourself
Anyone know that movie where aliens invaded and a group of ppl were stuck in a penthouse or something? The sequel to that movie was fucking hot garbage.  SPOILERS    At the end, the boyfriend of some girl got captured and his brain transferred to an alien body..
That shit is addictive
It’s a much more complex issue than that
*If I don't look in her direction, she won't exist*
Spoiler alert, but this is mildly alluded to in the film ‘Logan’, which takes place in the moderately-distant future after all of the xmen have died and Wolverine has lost his powers (mostly).   They make a reference that Prof X ended up killing everyone once he started getting dimentia
I want that recording in background where you just press a button to save the last 10 minutes
Yes, it's best of you don't take your head out of your a** to spew s**t like this.
Avicii
Sounds like he had some sort of mental breakdown. Hope he got help.
i think reddit is one of the worst things that has happened to the internet due to the upvote and downvote system. people generally dont want a real discussion, they want to interject with a snappy zinger to get some sweet sweet dopamine from upvotes. I often see initial interactions that appear quite hostile before giving way to civility deeper in the thread. often, as i am sure you have seen the civility never comes. i have been using the internet for over 20 years and i remember when reddit first started and was irrelevant and quickly became the one stop for all things internet for a new breed of internet user: the redditor. characterized by a love of easily digestible pop-science over more rigorous investigation or discussion, reddit is widely maligned by the wider net  for its errant groupthink, its relentless persecution and suppression of internal discussion, and leading proponent of the sterilizing trends in web design which seem bent on stripping all soul and color from the internet and replacing it with rigidly enforced political orthodoxy.
This is the only one that matters.
This. I hadn't heard the news, walked into work and a coworker asked if I heard about it. Shocked me, started crying and had to take 10 minutes to compose myself.
Got stood up.
Me too
I tend to cough a whole lot, get really paranoid, and want to eat a whole bunch of shitty food
HEATH LEDGER IS DEAD??? GODDAMN
?
The amount of money I waste on dumb shit
When i take the first hit of the day i feel so relax to the point where i feel like nothing matters
Stop being so honkin' selfish.
Just don’t pay attention to them, but Jesus Christ man don’t down 14 melatonins
Don't feel embarrassed about that :-)  He should have heard of The Cranberries.  Though I think Dolores has become even more famous since she passed away.  It was her 50th birthday the other day and it was in all the news.  I'm from Limerick and she is very much [remembered](https://www.hotpress.com/music/stunning-dolores-oriordan-mural-goes-limerick-22794779) there (although I'm not really a fan of their music either).
So you're saying real love is pinching your skinny fat slabs untill someone enjoys it? Ya I think I see your perspective now. I don't think that's possible either. Good luck on your diet!
Grain fed taste just fine.
See, I need to be at YOUR party.    I was invited to a costume party with some work colleagues in the US (I'm from Ireland) for July 4th and I wore an alien costume.  An alarming number of folk at the party didn't get it 🤦‍♀️
I'm bi so nothing changes lol
Where do ppl normally keep that much money if not at the bank? And why?
Literally days ago when I had a crisis breakdown about adult life and responsibilities that don’t stop coming.
I don't know what's unique abt me too, but i think everyone is.
Yeah I've heard  about this on some threads as well, still haven't understood it fully but something like taking loans for very low interest and putting their assets as collateral they can escape inheritance tax and spend money. I feel its all sounds complicated, yes I get it their accounts do this, but I still feel its like thin ice they are walking on, and a slight bump in their process from external or internal forces can cause everything to come crashing down, getting them in deep trouble. I feel if u got that much money, just use it straight up, or invest it some super safe but low return stuff, and just live off that, but I guess we humans are greedy and like it says somewhere in my religion, if Allah(God) gave a human a mountain of gold, he would ask for a second one.
Chef Anthony Bourdain.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
When they don’t believe you when you warn them that someone is dangerous.
Beautiful mutt*
Thanks.
Serbian film  An ageing porn star agrees to participate in an art film in order to make a clean break from the business, only to discover that he has been drafted into making a paedophilia and necrophilia themed snuff film.  Many horror films take acts of intimacy and make them horrific; A Serbian Film (2010) does the same, but cranks up the violence and intensity to a nauseating degree, making it a frontrunner for the most disturbing movie ever made
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Human Centipede   I haven't watched it but I watched some reaction videos and...it was enough
Tequila..
Hitler and the Third Reich control Western Russia, the long-settled and organized third of the country, the wilderness of the Eastern lands, Siberia, and the great northern forests beyond the edge of Mongolia, are still in the hands of the Soviet Union.  (Yes, I know that I made a mistake in which direction I said was the limit of their advance in the OP...)
One man one jar
> This comes across like a question for homework btw, lol  Schools are back in. More and more questions are appearing that are clearly homework questions from school kids.
The pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow
Anthony Bourdain
As a kid the teachers / media always promised there would be dealers all around giving out free drugs. Somehow all the dealers I see just want money for the drugs.
Ryan dunn. Was always my favorite in all the cky/jackass and whatever else he did.
Black Mamba Kobe Bryant. RIP, sir.
We went out dancing but she brought a friend, barely talked to me and basically only danced with her friend. So I called it off. Sent a text while they were dancing and just left. A few hours later she sends me a text saying she’s sorry but I didn’t even answer it.
Jinwoo from solo leveling.     That bitch can sumon shadows of ppl and monsters he killed and make them kill for him
Never gonna make you cry
You must be from the SF Bay Area 😆
BEFORE THAT! Just a little bit
The House That Jack Built. I was really liking it until the hunting chapter…
Go to the bank and take out a hundred thousand. Then hide it somewhere and keep doing that until I've taken out all the whole billion. And even if they take me to prison I'm not giving it back.
nice try, CIA
I’m “chop-suey”. Or I say, “Mixed plate”.
Grew up
Most school days to make me sleep.
Final destination 5
Close bank account. Open several new bank accounts, and input the money into them.
Da Bulls Da Bears & deep dish pizza
When people can’t stand in queues properly. Or get too close.
Iv had street fights with boxers when I was younger they drop to the floor and curl up mostly none of that fancy shit helps you out on the streets
Probably between 5-8 maybe? Sometimes 10 sometimes 1 probably. But if you see a big active community, I’d bet it’s worth asking questions there. Don’t expect free lessons but if you have a question, make a post within the guidelines and you’re likely to get someone chiming in. I use the subreddit plantidentification and it’s been only incredible for my needs, though perhaps identifying random plants might be a little simpler than excel. Still, why wouldn’t you get free advice and guidance if you can? I’m sure some people are gonna be unhelpful from time to time, but it’s usually a good place to go. A wiki is good to educate yourself without making redundant posts so you can ask questions that are more appealing to the community
A Serbian Film.
Plot twist: you're already awake
Mako Iwamatsu such an interesting and talented man.
You're freakier than i thought. ❤️❤️😈
Only the finest of references here
Ace Ventura
My dad is war criminal
And you sure don't know how to **bold** words instead of capitalizing them.
Dog?
Amy Winehouse. Mainly because I can remember exactly where I was when I heard. I was about 14 years old, on holiday with my family, and we were sitting at an ice cream shop near the beach when the black text under the standard music video's on tv said that she died, and none of is thought it was real
kobe and its not close
pay my debts, buy dinner with the remains.
That I'm the only person responsible for me and my happiness, expecting other people to look after me and NEEDING others to make me happy isnt fair on anyone else and would just lead me to eventually being unhappy again anyway
Get a different kind. An asian market in a neighboring city has this really good peanutbutter ramen. One out if two flavors I havent gotten sick of.
Check my statement.
Pay off student loan. Slowly disappear from work… move to the coast of Scotland. Become a hermit, get into falconry and miniatures. Die alone. Haunt the coast.
So buy a 20 room mansion for my 'family' and stick them all there so they don't bother me? That's an amazing idea and well worth the few million to buy the house so I don't have to hear from people  https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/im-gonna-pay-you-100-to-fuck-off pretty much this. Need more money? get a job, you don't have to pay mortgage after all
Web developer: How often I have to look up the syntax for methods I use every day.
Ok
Well that's boring. Because even if you could spend $22,000 a day for 60 years you'd still have over $500 mil in your pocket.
Kobe.  Unlike a lot of celebrities who had either drug problems or mental illness, Kobe was the spokesman for will power.  Him being the best he can be is a great aspiration for so many of people, regardless of you were a Kobe fan or not.  I am not saying he is infallible, he certainly made many mistakes, but I am only focusing on the legacy he left behind, the mamba mentality, the will to do everything conceivable to be the best version of you, is certainly all of us can stand behind.  It sounded unreal at the moment because he seemed invincible, bullet proof, almost like a superhero… so how difficult was it surviving a simple helicopter flight for him… right?
Pay off my student loans.
Pihu
I watched a movie call “The cook, the thief, his wife and her lover”. It’s just, man. What a fucked up movie.  Then there was a movie I watched called “The Hole”. A group got trapped in a bunker. I can’t remember a lot of it, but I still get that feeling when I think about it.  Then there was Passion of the Christ. Do I regret watching that.
Cigarette burns
So basically like spoons but u was on your back, 😥 still don’t see how you got to his ear. Oh well
I would buy this guy's wife too.  Oops, wrong thread.
That the socials are just a personal information vacuum posing as note taker of your wisdom and guidance. [Why is Kim Jong-un always surrounded by people taking notes?](https://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-magazine-monitor-27116092)
People calling me the candy which my name is extremely close to.
The words of someone who's only ever lived in the US  You're gonna be in for a huge shock
God came to Earth and explained how all the religions got it wrong.  Plot twist. The CORRECT religion WAS Mormonism....  Yea.
Requiem for a Dream.
thats how i got my username
Ooh self burn. Those are rare.
balls too big
Ahah, Thant’s okay!  They where the first people I thought of when I read your response. Lol
Taxidermia.  Felt like taking a shower after watching.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Data entry  Call centre  Some Admin jobs
That one had me bawling at the end it was so messed up. I can't imagine treating a child robot like that because I apologize to the toaster.
Not really? Clothes are clothes, we made up them being gendered, if the kid was fine with it then whats the problem.
"sometimes I watch from the closet, always dressed as superman"
[Here](https://comicnewbies.com/2021/09/06/superior-spider-man-punches-the-scorpions-jaw-off/) you go.
this right here.  if it's legitimate - i have a benevolent genie makin things happen - the second thing i do is hire a guy to help me give it away.
Amstrad CPC 464 way back in the day. After a while I moved onto Commodore Amiga, realised the supplied Basic interpreter wasn't going to do it. I bought a book at some trade show or computer show about Amiga Assembler. I stuck with it and got a really good understanding of assembler in general. Right at the end of the book it told me to go off and learn C. I went off and ordered a couple of books from the back of CU Amiga and went from there.  This was all before I did my A-Level Computing. Back then, the A-Level was primitive and I was surprised when my first homework assignments were handed back with D's and E's (quite low grades). I was annoyed as I knew perfectly well what a stack was, what a queue was and what an accumulator was, what the program counter did, yada yada.  Eventually I figured out that what the teacher wanted was that when a homework question was given, we essentially re-write what was in the book just using a different form of words regardless of whether or not it was applicable in all situations or not. Like I say, the A-Level in Computing was pretty ill thought out and seemed to be based on one single book. Any deviation from the rubric whatsoever would cost you grades even if you were correct and it addressed the question. Stupid really. It was literally take a sentence, rewrite it in different words, there is the answer.  There were a couple of pseudo-code based questions but the question did say "in any language". I remember I handed in one answer based entirely on Amiga Assembler. He graded it F as he claimed it was not a real language. I did plead with my parents to let me bring in my Amiga to show him the full working code but it never happened. My five minutes of glory were not to be. I went back to handing in coding assignments in pseudocode and left it at that, it wasn't worth the headache as there would be no glorious victory.  While I understand that learning parrot-fashion can be effective, the whole exercise made me question continuing it. Thankfully the exam itself wasn't quite as stupid and was not based on one single book.
Unless you're hot and they want sex, or you're useful (like being a nerd and doing someone's homework).
It's only awkward if you make it awkward.
Tiktok?
I guess the viking type deal.  The old school cabin bars with huge beer mugs, clean white winter and forest all around, guys are often big, thick beard is the physical standard, girls are blonde, everyone is pale white, only eating fish…  Big open fields with trees cut down, slurpy black snow when it’s winter, just as many brunettes as blondes, tons of different race because yeah immigration, food/clothes/etc culture is very international, architecture is as basic as it can get and the list goes on is the truth.  Norway isn’t interesting
Thanks, I changed the text and repost. Have a nice day
Twin Peaks is what you’d call a “genre buster”: you’ll find horror, comedy / slapstick humor, romance, with a touch of 90s quirkiness that you can’t find in today’s shows (times have changed since the first two seasons aired, obviously).  The characters largely contribute to the show. Each and everyone of them has their own personality and ambitions (or lack thereof) and pushes the story forward. Even the small town of Twin Peaks feels alive.  Another major point to consider is that back in the day when it aired for the first time, Twin Peaks was a novelty. The show was the first (please correct me if I’m wrong) to offer a main plot that spread across entire seasons, whereas previous TV shows used to wrap up their intrigues by the end of this week’s episode.  Lastly, there’s this campy feel when you watch an episode after getting back from work. Once you hear the opening theme, you know you’re out of our reality and into another where dreams and nightmares coexist and share cherry pie and black-as-a-moonless-night coffee.
Had to scroll too far down for this
Pacific Rim.  This question required no thought
Same here
For sure
Avicii
Buy another rental property.
Working in a hotel bar for a luxury hotel. Had a guy come in around 3 in the morning. Really nothing was happening anymore since it was the middle of the week. He sat down opposite of me and ordered 2 bottles of champagne (for the last 2 guests that were still around) order two cocktails for my colleague and I and afterwards our most expensive Whiskey (Johnnie Walkers King George) which we sell at a solid 75€ per 4cl.... he proceeded to drink half of the bottle being around 40 cl (so 750 bucks only for the whiskey). Later he ended up telling us his wife cheated on him with his best friend, took the kids to leave for her mothers house and he had no other real friends to turn to since all he did was work.  Holy shit I felt awful listening to the guy as you could tell that his life was 100% ruined He ended up spending around 1200 bucks on drinks and a little to eat and gave a 200€ tip when he was about to leave thanking us for listening...  I really hope he's doing better and atleast got his kids or something. Seemed like a nice guy...  Maybe not the most fucked up story but it stuck with me cause you could feel the guys pain. I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
O wow I didn’t know that. Yea I’ll have to check that out. I miss that game, unreal tournament, and quake . Man, those were the days. I wonder if any ex elite force players browse this site 🤔
If I may ask: Why did you watch the movie? I never really got why people would even want to see something that would be this disturbing just from the premise. I'm genuinely curious
I just say I’m white and Indian if people ask, I’m white passing so I always get funny comments about it!
I got some bad ones myself over the years,, but damm lice medication?? She actually told he she had lice or showed you the medication??? Lol wow that is way out of my league! Lol
My cousins cat, Norman, bit my finger. It’s a small scar but I’ll always remember what a jerk that cat was.
I find it really sobering how much further I have to scroll down to find my birth year when filling out online forms.
Can't sleep longer, I just wake up after 5-6 hours
If the military gets world class medical training then why does every servicemember complain about military healthcare
Kobe
Fuckin wanka. Get a life
Ngl, that's kinda hot.
I’m sorry but this is the equivalent to eating a pizza from the inside out! It makes no sense to me!!
Take your own bottle and pay the corkage fee. $60 bottle + $25 corkage is $85, not the $120 - $150 the restaurant will charge. ( Note: Canadian here and corkage is very common.)
I believed that I was sick whenever I got a stiff one. Went to mommy when I had one of them spontaneous ones…😭
There is definitive non-evisence of his existence. That's the way it works, not the other way around. We don't have proof Santa Clauss doesn't exist. Yet do we consider he exists? No.
I have people mad at me for existing as a queer person so yeah
"people".  This will never catch on though. Being poor means being something less than human.
Sounds about right. It's sprayed on Christmas trees as the smell freezes,  but if someone steals the tree it defrost in their house.
It's those backslash op used before underscores
Cigarette
A gigantic deer nearly the size of a gymnasium kept stabbing my bum with its antlers.
Getting called sir by custom services.
Nothing. I do not care about so called celebrities.  They are no different than anyone else.
Had to get my husband up for work. He’s such a deep sleeper, everyone in the house would be up long before he’d ever hear his own alarm. It’s easier to get him up myself than have the kids wake up.
Kobe Bryant
The human centipede 2, I jumped around to random spots on the movie and saw both the main villain raping a baby, and another scene of the guy trying to keep 20+ people sewn mouth to ass, and feeding a bunch of laxitives to them.........  Hard to forget that shit.
That's very photosynthesis of you
Butter & salt
Bezos would put every fiber of his being into a fight for a polo mint, never mind a billion bucks.
bitcoin then bitcoin mixer then report i lost my card and phone and somebody cleared my account. Then burn my house to remove evidences.
The same if for whatever reason you need something horribly tragic to read about.
When everyone started to call me “sir”. It doubles the damage when are kids who call me that.
Pacific Rim: The Black. It honestly kinda pulled me in a bit.
Once were warriors.
No spiders are poisonous. However they are all venomous.  If it's any consolation though the venom in most tarantulas isnt much worse than a bee sting.
I am Swedish, half Lebanese, quarter polish, quarter Lithuanian of french descent who lives in the UK. Bit of a tongue twister.
I looked down this whole list specifically for this answer because it’s mine too. I loved her, she was my idol, and then all of a sudden she died.   It rocked my world as a teenager who had never experienced death that people can just die and be gone. May she Rest In Peace - almost exactly 20 years to the day.
“It’s bad to up your dosage”
Im at work.
Aww damn that sounds a bit stressful. At least ya got through it
I guess my point was that, considering we can't really agree on nomads being homeless or not lets just exclude those so we can actually answer OPs question rather than derailing it into something they werent really asking
Sounds trash if you’re not the happiest you can be.
Ugh for real lol its so annoying
"Euro-mutt" is how I describe my ethnicity to people
Don't mention it, or I'll eat your throat. Happy hunting. 😂😂
Books that can help. Marcus Aurelius is a must.
She didn't "almost become a villain". She flat-out was the villain. Maybe she didn't realize it at first, but she was made aware pretty early on and kept the hex going anyway.  When Agatha revealed what Wanda actually did and how those people were enslaved by her, she lost every moral high ground.
Christopher Hitchens and Leonard Nimoy.
120 days of sodom
C#
doge. i grew up with him as my idol. i was that weird kid who ate crayons.
Go to an airport
Rollercoaster
Learned Romanian lyrics just to sing along when that blew up.
discord nitro
Did you grow up in Chicago? Kids was fucked because of how accurate and gross it was as, well, a kid then. And you comments remind me of such specific incidents during that time that’s it’s tragic that our experiences would mirror so specifically.    Of course I know this could be the the experience of millions of kids over decades, which makes it even more soul crushing.
I would genuinely ask them how they are doing.
Black Panther was my favourite character and to know I can’t see them anymore hurts
They're being facetious. You should use the "serious" flair
Lots of advice here to be confident and assertive, but that come across badly if you get it wrong. You can come off like an a&&hole. Pairing some confidence with being genuine and a good listener is better imo.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ken Park
Elvis Presley
I think women should be allowed an abortion if they choose to have an abortion.  Before I continue, I want to point out that I understand I havent got my head wrapped around this issue, and I hope that someone will educate me/give me some perspective.  One moral dilemma regarding 100% commitment to the will of the mother is; what if the father didn't want a child (for example, failure of contraceptive device)?  And what if, then, the mother decides to have the baby anyway? It seems cruel and evil for a would-be father to be denied the right to an abortion, in the same way that denying women abortions does.
I’m a mutt.
so THAT'S why the google doodle was there
Kobe's death had a significant effect on me.
It's basically all rum.
I can't quite describe why, but I just love it!  I've seen it probably a hundred times and I could still watch it again any time without fast-forwarding through any scenes.  It just ticks all of the boxes for me and makes me feel good in a way I can't quite articulate but you've described it really well!
Intake of more calories than burned. Yielding a delta which is stored as fat.
Told me to jump🥰🥰🥰 jk thats not ghe sweetest, thats a bad o e acctually  But a good one is just baing my friend ngl
Lilja 4 Ever was so depressing. Just every time you think you’re going to catch your breath, nope. Just bleak.
I couldn’t even imagine like from documentaries ive seen it seems so unsettling (probably not the best word to describe it) considering the events surrounding it but so fascinating.
Deadbeat parents.
Fellowship of the Ring
Steve Irwin
Jesus fucking hell. It's awful the damage an animal can do.
Oh!  Babies!
Start researching to buy properties!
Avicii
When I was young, Owen Hart from WWF. When I was older, Robin Williams.
Chadwick Boseman. I had literally *just* finished watching Da 5 Bloods and the credits were rolling when I decided to go through the notifications my phone had accumulated throughout the movie. I got to Twitter and saw the tweet from his official account announcing that he had passed. It hit me hard, not only because of the role he had played in the movie I had just watched, or because he was so young, but also because he just made the world brighter with everything he did. And afterwards, finding out that he was in so much pain while still doing what he loved and making other people happy, it made me respect him even more.
Thitherto, no. Your actions upon finding it may or may not render you a thief, however.
You'll
If you're making spicy noodles (Commonly Buldak), adding milk and cheese not only makes it more tasty, but it also eases the spiciness a bit (Apparently mayonnaise also helps)
Man the way i heard of her death was rough... We were just outnof the cinema after watching Rogue One, got back into the car and turned the radio on, first thing we heard is that she passed away. Really put an end to an otherwise great night :/
I'm just hoping that Danny DeVito and Keanu reeves are secretly immortal
Graduated high school and went to Coachella, first semester at college in the dorms. it was a pretty solid year so yea I’d say I’d miss that one.
Room 1408, just pure torture.
Absolutely true.
Stephen Hawking
I have my reasons
Omg they should burn in hell so right mate. Pfff "they play music without headphones, oooo so annoying!"
"Alpha male" mentality. For reasons
Honestly, I think I’d cry with happiness if I could cuddle with a girl I love and she stroked my hair.
Infernal affairs was amazing, sequel sucked tho.  Miike makes some crazy fucked up shit, audition for me is his masterpiece. If you can get somebody to go into it blind not knowing its a horror film then it can be brutal.  The way it morphs from Romcom to horror is great
Well, it’s kind of a cosmic gumbo
lolwut
Terry Pratchett and Chris Cornell.
I'm surprised no one said human centipede yet.
“No, I am your father”
Buy as much Monero as I can then use it to buy a new identity/life elsewhere.
Alright, I will try to
Except you can never get people to follow the script without forcing them to, given human nature.  “From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs” makes no sense.  If I put in everything and only get back what I need to survive, I’m not interested.  I expect a return on my investment.  I stand to lose there.  Break my back all day doing the best I can?  Still no better off than the lazy man (who will ALWAYS exist).  And… no government is a pipe dream.  Believe me, I’m a libertarian, but there’s no way you can get by without some level of actual government.  And Communism is necessarily the most state-heavy ideology in existence.  Also it makes fascism look like a joke when it comes to killing one’s own people (though obviously I don’t mean to defend fascism either).
RBSD - reality based self defense such as Senshido and Krav Maga to name a few.  Both of these incorporate simple instinctual techniques, dirty tricks and the management/awareness of the environment (might be more than one attacker) with no other motivations than to survive and make it home in one piece if possible.
And back!
Or acting 14.
Kobe. He was really one of those guys you could never imagine dying until he did.
Can't you select the audio track in the player, though?
Hide and seek with my dad. Still haven't found him
Human centipede
cats. and ive only seen the trailer.
The hero should be a janitor.
What did they play for?
I hate seeing boomers comment on things being hella racist or judgmental or acting like the whole world revolves around them  Like if they see a recipe for cake and it has peanuts on it they would comment IN ALL CAPS SAYING I DONT LIKE PEANUTS MAKE A NEW RECIPE , NOT IN THE HOUSE WE ADD PEANUTS ON CAKE , DISGUSTING  #GODBLESS
Wake up
Be a lesbian I guess?
Nelson Mandela 💔
Either either cute as hell or fugly, there is no middle ground.
Call my bank?
telling everyone how you relax reading most heavy pieces of literature that were ever written  or how you relax doing high math   you are not an intellectual...you are narcisst with high IQ and monomania in adult age....  of course, i know that there are exeptions for this, some people are really that genial that they consider this a relax.....it is about the flaunting to people around
Flubber, that thing is just gross.
Pretty much all the discworld books are amazing to read AND they also put forward a lot of really good commentary on our real society as well as the society inside the books.  The robot geneticists series too is one of my favourite scifi book series and also puts forward a lot of good criticisms and commentary on our society, just with the hindsight of being set about 1000 years in the future
the fast and furious movies at this point
Anthony Bourdain. He was such a genuine human being. I truly miss him.
No. I didn't.
Ye the health cost is even greater than the $
Refresh the page
Not my business.
John Cena apologizing to the ccp in mandarin
What about Eri?   If she could control her powers properly she'd be able to literally make you unborn if she wanted to.
Stan Lee, he was so full of life and imaginative that you never really stopped to think about how old he was
If that happened in china you would never know so dont worry about it. Assume it happened in the west.
Chris Cornell. It's taken me a real long time before I could listen to any Soundgarden, Temple of the dog or his solo stuff after he died.
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt6888938/taglines?ref_=tt_stry_tg
I was scrolling for this one man :( My fam used to call him uncle brian. Jeez man
Why do today what you can do tomorrow ?
Yeah, that one hit HARD, mostly because most of the world never even knew he was sick so even though they retired there was always that hope of maybe seeing another album or even just a one-off show or two until the news came in. It was surreal.
It would squash my interest in them romantically but I'd still be open to friendship
A skill ranking on how proficient you are with technical abilities is surely a better option rather than personal skills.
Well, we must have different definitions on intelligence. Mine involves understanding the available evidence to make a conclusion, and making conclusions before making public conclusive statements. What does yours involve?
Mark Wahlberg
USA is an evil empire hellbent on world domination.
TL:DR, sorry
What
The Mask was great! Son of the Mask was bullshit.
Not that it's true, but they'd probably think I'm a hypochondriac. Sometimes I'm looking up things for myself, but mostly I'm looking up illnesses I've just heard about.
I moved to another country 3 years ago
Unhoused people
Just A LITTLE FARTHER!
How to make a Bing Assistant  'hey Bing'  [boop]  'where is the nearest coffee shop?'  'Video - getting railed by a stranger in a coffee shop. Now playing on the TV. Was this what you asked for?'
Probably the book of Numbers as all it is is basically a census of the people.
I once had a dream where Marvel cast him as Wolverine. First I thought he's a good fit. Then I went "wait, isn't he dead"? And I woke up and was very sad.
Definitely dark souls or bloodborne.
Juan Joya Borja (el risitas)
Fidelity does that too. Sweeps your cash into FDIC insured bank and if it excesses 250K they’ll sweep it in another bank.
That's an optimistic way to say no one is.
Eden lake
Sure, when I was younger I used to have a nightmare where me, my sister & my mum just left a rollercoaster park.. As we exit I see a zombie looking thing circle around our car, my mum says to me, "Don't be scared, as long as you dont make a sound or go too close it wont hurt us", like it is a completely standard thing. As I approach the car extremely scared as soon as I got around 30ft away from it.. I wake up in fear. This exact dream happened countless times and lasted a very short amount of time... I recently found out through my therapist that this was due to untreated/unacknowledged trauma. Its crazy looking back at how much this nightmare made sense.
Is this all the hr red flags consist of? If I can be forgiving of a typo in a PhD thesis surely you can see past a typo?
Happy Birthday
Your decisions are the opposite of evolution
Mad at who for existing?
our usernames are connected. its telling a story
Eraserhead
Not everyone has an enema machine
Buy some shit
Pong
I think the concept does exist, but it's a pretty fine line. The example I like to use is a Chinese restaurant that was being opened in I believe NYC that its white owners were marketing as "clean" and "healthy" compared to usual Chinese food. The way it was phrased definitely felt very patronizing, and they were also perpetuating false stereotypes around MSG. They were trying to benefit from Chinese culture while simultaneously putting it down. A more recent example would be a group who tried to redesign mahjong tiles while putting down the original, traditional designs. In both cases, the issue is not someone of another culture taking part in different cultural traditions, but that they were trying to profit from it while also insulting the original culture.
Michael jackson ❤️
“I am the senate.”
I turned it off at the drilling into the dudes leg. Actually I think it was a torrent and I even deleted it.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wait - what?!  Edit: Damn. Fuck 2020.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're asking a question that violates r/AskReddit's [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-)   DAE ("Does Anybody Else") questions and questions that can be answered with "yes" or "no" are not allowed in r/AskReddit. Try rephrasing your question to be more open ended, or submitting to one of the following subreddits:  - /r/polls - /r/DoesAnybodyElse - /r/DAE - /r/WhatIsThisThing   Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Help+Related+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/plh1so/has_anyone_else_felt_the_need_for_a_complete/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
South Australia, Northern Territory, Western Australia, New South Wales, Queensland, and Victoria all have part of the Australian Desert.  ACT and Tasmania aren't connected to the desert
What a power move
Oh ya i dont mean in *that* context  Now get in the oven
Don't have friends. Be alone. It's good that way. Don't need anybody
Yeah well the concept of “home” is very different to a nomad than to us. The fact that cultural variation is possible is what makes it seem to definitely be a social construct to me.
The golden glove.
Should kill magic man make fire?
I have watched For the Love of Spock more than 5 times.
8. There’s a lot of material to sift through but it can always be helpful. Especially when there’s an active community. What one person says, another can explain in different terms if need be.  I wouldn’t solely rely on it but it sure is nice for a quick rundown, tip, or question.
Not disturbing in a really graphic or sickening way, more an existential. A Scanner Darkly makes me so unnerved about the War on Drugs and feels so unbelievably disturbing in the fact that we are living in such a dystopian state. Also Keanu Reeves sells that character on such an intense emotional level and what happens to him is so fucking terrible and just real
A strong 7. A live chat imo would be better then a forum-like chats but as long as there are people willing to help and teach (which would be easier to find in bigger subreddits), I dont see why not
 And I have a feeling we might be getting a taste of that soon.
It’s like asking a cancer patient why he’s sick
What do Eskimos have to do with it?
For me it would depend on how far they are in their transition. If all the female (since you mention she) bells and whistles are there... does it really matter? Apparently you didn’t notice anyway as they had to tell you. In the end you should be with someone for their character right?
I’d rather be called beautiful than cute, sexy or hot!
Alone can be very confortable sometimes
This right here...most fucked up shit
Requiem for a dream
Co-worker thought he had jaundice. Guy was the whitest person in the city. He would jave known if he was turning yellow. It was so weird.
Sushi. Lots of it. Washed down with sake.  If I'm going to die, I want my meal to be enjoyable, and then get drunk so I don't have to face what's coming while sober...
That’s very spooky, was it a daily thing or once in a while?
Holy shit after a quick google, I am questioning my understanding of what prime means. I always associated it with things being number 1. Prime rib, optimus prime, primevideo, prime example, um.. can’t think of anymore. But Jesus.
true i suppose
Military.  Pick a field like medical or signal and get world class training. In the army after your 4 years you can go into a decent field with experience and get a mid level job. Or loans to start a buisness. Money for school and it's a respectable field
Megan is missing. That part where she opens the barrel is burned into my memory.
Go
Lost my mom to malignant melanoma begining of the last half of my senior year. Life just caries on. Cope the same way I do with my preexisting depression and anxiety: internalize my emotions, and escapism. I hear these are poor mechanisms, but therapy is expensive af
He was on his side and I was on my back(idk if that explains it well) an my foot was by his head and I somehow found it,grabbed it,and pulled lmao
Having 1 billion is poor in the world of billionaires though, isnt it. And you are stealing from billionaires who are far richer than you.
Okay...you wanna share with the rest of the class?
A Serbian Film is what happens when you turn The Poop That Took A Pee into a movie.
“Rolling on the ground” ? What happened to fists my guy? Any punch you’ll throw at me I’ll see miles away if u dont have any martial arts experience. And that’s a guarantee. It’s almost ridiculous how slow and weak people are without martial arts experience
Bomb
All the shit I'm allergic to- I'm going my way!
Her
A cyanide pill
When a cumrag grows mould mushrooms are they technically your babies
Sir Terry Pratchett
Sirius Black, like as a 15 year old he lured someone he didn’t like to his werewolf friend. The only thing that stopped it was his other friend. Of course he ends up in Azkaban and therefore is quite immature and impulsive but man if he was capable of (almost) killing someone he didn’t like at 15 and was on the good side as an adult what would he be like if he was on the bad side
Any Disney cartoon
Unfortunately you win the thread.
My spark
ok but did he actually kill someone?
Ed Asner as of recently.
Thats some final destination shit right there
When someone walks into my room when the door was closed and they leave leaving the door open
How on earth did she fall like that to break those bones?
Alexi Laiho. Not really a 'celeb' but a masterful musician who died way too young late last year.
You are, you'll eventually fall asleep and get killed.
Pat-a-cake
Depends on your qualifications, doesn't it?  Impossible to answer without knowing your circumstances.   As you say that you are 27 and have never had a job I'm going to assume that you must have studied law or medicine and only just graduated.  Therefore you should find work as a doctor, surgeon or lawyer.
When I got excited that it was weekend so I can do the laundry, vacuum the apartment, and do other chores.
It can be, and sometimes is a great resource, especially for purely objective questions like OP's *how do I do this in Excel* example.   On the other hand, ever wander into the comments section on a topic you have expert-level knowledge in?  Makes it hard to trust the answers on other topics.
Anyone not like “glass” ? The follow up from “split”
It's definitely not helping if they possess narcissistic personality traits like that.
I own about 200 different ones I use a about 1 meter long ice bear as a pillow
Yep, here it is. Came to say “gummo” if it wasn’t already mentioned by another survivor.
Damn, good idea bro tnx.
Irffan khan
Pay off my car, insurance, & credit card. Then save the rest for the taxes they about to take from yo ass
I feel like I want to help somehow
Is this some sort of joke:/ cause wtf?!?!
I must be doing something wrong
I almost got convicted for money laundering two years ago. Former friend of mine tricked me into it. So if this scenario happened i would get extremely paranoid and call the cops.
Long live the king
Realise I can’t keep it legitimately, so donate it all to charities as quickly as possible, but keep a few million for myself that I can try to hide in various risky ways.
thats pain...
Buy Bitcoin.
Always been a little fluffier, despite being an active kid/teenager, due to growing up with not so great eating habits.   Followed that up with ME/CFS since age 16 and the chubbiness that came with such reduced activity. Though that did force me to become a lot stricter with what I eat, and I stayed "just" chubby for most of my 20s.  Then in my late 20s, pregnancy weight gain and a hypothyroidism diagnosis shortly after, and I'm pretty firmly in the fat category now.   So a mix of factors, both controllable and uncontrollable I guess. It's been a hard thing to accept, but over time I have, and it just is what it is now.
Yeah.
Fair enough, for me though Steins Gate and Katawa Shoujo are the only VNs I properly played through.      As the anime isn't exactly an action fest, it works really well as a VN. It's fully voiced excluding Okabe's internal thoughts.     In regards to 0, there is a separate VN for that with a bunch of paths, I haven't played it though. Liked the anime for it so maybe I should give it a go.
It does but after a while, I mean you won't feel anything the moment you're shot
In West Philidelphia born and raised....
I did them in the summers when I was in elementary school (in the 90s) it was a lot of going with your regular friends because your parents and your friends parents would agree to send the kids to wherever. A lot of staying up late in the bunks/cabins whatever sleep arrangements. Each day you’d have some outdoors activities and games which were either super fun or lame, no in between. The food mostly sucked and you’d be too tired by the early evening of some days to even want dinner yet be up giggling with friends after lights out. You’d usually hit a wall in which you’d do anything to go home and then wish to never leave when the parents came to finally bring you home.
To a greater extent than other first meetings that do not experience it. Yes I understand that they may feel emotions of love more than those who do not experience the phenomenon. Doesn’t mean I believe they are in love.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Puke
Chester Bennington💔
Wealthy person's house cat. Hands down.
Kobe. Dude got me into basketball.
G1 Starscream. He was my idol as a child in the 1980s. And while he's not the best role model for a troubled child I still hold the values he taught me near to my heart: always be looking out for number one, idiots will do all the heavy lifting with just the tiniest of manipulation and never get cocky. Getting cocky gets you shot by Galvatron. Leave the crown for the idiots.
Necrophilia
Same with Layne Staley
Global Thermonuclear War  Joshua asked if we should play a game. Sounded fun at the time. WOPR of a bad decision by me.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/plh1f6/whats_the_most_embarrassing_thing_u_have_done/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Mmm some of my father’s white rice and corned beef with some chopped up Vienna sausages.
They belong in r/ladyladyboner
tusk
Politician
Lol, I was so disappointed when I bought the first Telltale Walking Dead game. Thought I'd be running around killing zombies and being badass.  Ended up loving it though.
In Ireland the government pays all prescription drug costs over €140 per month, no matter what your income is. About 50% of the population pay nothing. CPAP rental also included. The UK government pays for all drugs.
Man I remember watching this with my gf last year and told her, “why are we watching chicken fucking by a chicken fucker?” That evolution and sex scene was bizarre asf.
also cliche but *fake it until you make it.*
Michael Jackson. I'll never forget that day... Long story bro
No lol, but i live out of spite for people that are mad ate for existing😌
Everyone's unique
Weatherman
That's why I'd deliberately put humour in there, wouldn't want to end up working for someone who would get annoyed at a joke
Barry chuckle
The Serbian film
Irrfan Khan
buy as many crypto as I can with it and make sure it's on some untraceable account.
Maybe they have nothing wrong FOR YOU
A siberian film... just don't
-Sean Bean
John Lennon... Even though it happened before I was born, it still hurts 😣
Split the US in half. Conservatives in one half, Liberals in the other.  Once you’ve chosen a side, you can’t move to the other. It would be interesting to see which side is more financially successful and happier in 20 years.
I see, so not for everyone it's a living terror
I understand how it can feel that way, and definitely to each their own. But you usually don't have actual fecal matter right there, and you can clean that area.
Pretty brutal too, but switch alcohol with salt, burns longer and is cheaper. Also it's a shame to waste the booze.
Reddit is great for getting *ideas* but not necessarily reliabile information - there are definitely plenty of smart people who post reliable content but there's no way to vet that against less smart people BS'ing on knowledge-vapour. If you ask a question and someone proposes an answer you hadn't considered, either test or confirm that solution yourself
Oooh, that books getting ordered by me today - sounds great!  Yes, that was my biggest gripe with Resurgence.  We fell in love with the characters in ID4, we got their stories and relationships and we invested in them and that was a HUGE part of how the movie makes you feel.    I felt the characters were very lazily portrayed in Resurgence and I definitely didn't feel a bond to any of them except - of course - those who had also been in ID4.  LOVED Dr. Oken!
Why make it your final when you could have it everyday? 🤭
Scar on my back. Friends and I decided to take a strip of acid and go skateboarding. Well one thing led to another and I tried ollying off of a roof onto a trampoline. I landed and tried to jump into a backflip, ended up landing on my neck and breaking neck and back. Got rushed to the hospital. Don’t remember much but I remember hearing the crunch and thinking “nice, I’m dead now” lol
He just couldn’t wait to get that rib removed. RIP in peace comedy king.
Macarena
Who says that rich people sit in the back and poor people sit in the front?
Family gets stranded in the middle of nowhere. Find out the hard way that you can run into some really fucked up people anywhere really.
*looks down* boxers?
Almost a decade of self harm and my attempts to get people to stop noticing the evidence
Looks like rotten.com's contents - at least some of them, anyway - are in the Internet Archive.
How grow back arm?
Maybe not "not young," I'm still 16, but not a kid anymore.  Little girl called me ma'am.  I understand there are people much older than me on this website and in this thread, but I practically felt the joint issues coming on right then and there.
I think here it’s part of a flow chart script of some type that’s designed to keep the caller calm and give the patient the best chance of survival if they aren’t breathing. Think of it more suitable to heart attacks and things like that, which guided CPR could have a life saving effect. The lady answering the call at the ambulance call centre did not know how horrific the event was when she began that call so dutifully followed procedure until I told her.  I could have been more clear on the phone yet my brain mentally shit itself in the moments afterwards. I was in shock. It hasn’t affected me a great deal since it happened (about 6 years ago), although sometimes I have the odd nightmare about it. I have no connection to the man, I don’t know his name, i don’t know what he looked like, I was spared the necessity to attend the coroners inquest. I’d like to keep that element of anonymity so to severe any emotional ties to the incident. To me he is some poor bloke who died and it’s not my problem to grieve over it.  I know it’s a harsh way of looking at it, but it works for me.
Looney tunes game Super Nintendo & I’m only 28 btw lol
I can't stop eating. I eat because I'm unhappy and I'm unhappy because I eat. It's a vicious cycle.
Princess diana
This actually makes sense.
Oh fucking wow. That's nice and traumatising. Your poor father (all of you of course).
Why do u think it’s rude?
Cannibal holocaust
Haha love it
An interesting analysis of the situation: would you think that perhaps Zhukov would be amenable to Trotsky taking the (for a time at least) merely figurehead post of "party leadership" while he ran the war, or do you think he would prefer direct and indirect authority both be in his hands?
I saw an essay that basically showed that while the Avengers were the “heroes” of Infinity War, Thanos was clearly the protagonist. It was really interesting
To be honest... Many things...
Ah don't worry about it. I'm not saying it's minor, just that audiences are probably more likely to see the others first.  The double seater cockpit is an excellent example of the many, many times the crew apparently decided to bend reality to fit their asinine plot and didn't second guess themselves.
Ah I guess that's a question of 'Are nomads homeless?'  But I think OP just meant regular homeless people we see on the street, but their premise of home=social construct was a bit iffy
Pizza Delivery
I don’t know which celebrity death has hit me the hardest, but Prince is the only one with which my reaction was disbelief. I was genuinely hoping to find out that it was a hoax, or that he was reported dead but it turns out he was hospitalized but going to be okay, or something along those lines. I remember thinking “No, that can’t be right. Not Prince.” He was truly so larger than life that his death was something that my brain couldn’t make sense of.
Kung fu panda. Kung fu panda 2 made me become obsessed with KFP.
Nothing different
Is the motherfucker Kakuzu? Do I have to go kakashi on all 6 hearts?
Yes.
…Elaborate
It was at the height of the hollywood shutdown and I guess for a period after and it's because at the time Australia was completely open and mostly COVID free. One of the biggest one's is Chris Hemsworth moving to Byron Bay, and I believe Thor: Love and Thunder was mostly filmed in Australia. I could be wrong about specifics but there has been a few big films released in the last year that were filmed here. Now that other countries are more vaccinated than we are though I've heard of one movie that moved from Australia to Europe but I can't think of the name right now.  Yet another example of our government squandering our COVID advantage.
Hummm definitely food for thought…. My significant other has talked about taking action against them but I shut down so easily when confronting people. But for the sake of other kids, that place should not be allowed to keep operating the way they were or potentially still are.
Radiohead- Creep
Well he can afford bail...
One more light was actually written for Chris Cornell, who was his best friend and died from suicide 3 months prior to Chester's death.  I don't know if you knew, So I wanted to throw it out there  God, I miss Chester :(
Well, in my case it’s barely functioning, but the fear of missing class/work keeps me going.
That’s why I do two unrelated projects at once, I get to procrastinate on one by working on the other. Works for me since middle school, physics with geography, fix the kitchen sink with guitar practice, etc.
Wake up and make coffee
You don't. You learn to live with the feeling
Freddy Mercury
“Every time you smile, it’ll only last a while. Life may be scary, but it’s only temporary”
I actually support it.  On the topic of waste, at least initially, the rods are still thermally hot enough to boil water, right?  Why can't that heat be leveraged somehow to, say, alleviate periods of peak demand, or provide backup power for the plant itself?
Where I'm from, a university is a collection of colleges (and schools). There are stand-alone colleges that aren't affiliated with any university, too, though.
It hit 108 degrees Fahrenheit this summer here in Seattle, 115 in surrounding areas.  Normally we might get a week or two in the 90s, and almost nobody here has air conditioning in their homes.  It's been getting worse and worse every year.  Climate change is real, folks.
Sorry but this is just bullshit. Why would you apologise for something your grand grandparents have done? People you probably never met in your life and know nothing about. And why do you call other nations racist when you yourself are just as racist?
Ugh, this was a legit fear of mine, and still in many ways is. I used to do research on types of radiation and how likely it was to survive. I still to this day have a dream of owning my own bomb shelter, keeping it stocked with food and running nicely. I know it’s not a very realistic goal to have, but I’m childfree, I will never have kids, and I believe in taking care of my self, even if it’s giving my self a few more months or years in the face of a global catastrophe. I view wanting one as another viable option for global pandemics as well as impact events that threaten life on earth. It’s just something that would make me very content to know I addressed as well as I am personally able to do so. If that makes sense!
Urban Nomads
I have to remind myself everyday
Terminator 2
When I realised that if I did not get at least 7 hours of sleep for more than a couple of days and ate out a lot I get really sick.
300
Dude are you okay
get accountant.  AIn't going to fucking prison over doing taxes wrong.  oh wait, I'd be a billionaire... the government would take all YOUR taxes and give them to me because I already have so much
I still need to watch this. Surprised myself that I enjoyed the first
Well it’s true for most cars (and a lot of other things actually)
Yucky to the max… 😂
I HATED green inferno... I'm so glad I've never seen cannibal holocaust!
Does it? I turn on the TV and the vast majority of the time wonder what the purpose is as just filler.
It does kinda loop around to being so bad it's entertaining.
When I started gaining weight rapidly despite no notable changes in lifestyle or diet. My metabolism has gone to s***.
Your username tho.... v interesting
Music? 😎
Selena RIP
In an article someone linked, it seems clear it was actually a complications from a staph infection. Some people seem to want to read into a grieving mother not wanting to spend her life talking about her daughter, but that's about it.
that kills people doesn't it? we only had one dealer who the rest worked for so I guess it was more controlled and peaceful but that high school sounds awful
Because its 09:33 here and I need to go to work in like half an hour
Then u get 69 upvotes.
The Void. It was good though. Gonna watch Malignant tonight though.
Chrome FoxyProxy together with Burpsuite
Human centipede 2
After all this time? Always! — I have always loved Prof. Snape.
I don't know if I qualify as a 'very smart' person, but it can vary wildly between subreddits. Some communities can be very helpful, while others can be anywhere from mostly absent, to almost hostile.
I grew on Linkin Park and got me through some dark moments in my life.   Somewhere I belong was the theme song for majority of my life.
Thank you. There's no way this happened.
Does that mean the P in helicopter shouldn’t be pronounced in the same way it isn’t in pterodactyl?
Exactly. You can't do it because there is no proof.
Infinity War
I'm amazed at your self awareness. Your honesty is also very refreshing. Thanks for sharing.
what was that about xenophobia?
You.
    Don't be afraid of Google, it doesn't bite
😂😂 it’s average and we’re not fat!
Reminds me of the film Arachnophobia
Keep it up 👍
Don’t make me imagine the pain
Absolutely cannot blame the son for the sins of his father.
Take half and Bury it somewhere.
Breakfast, second breakfast, elevensies, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner, SUPPER. All in common usage where I am from.
That’s the gateway video to Funky Town and Ghost Rider, probably gets worse from there too
"where's my hug at?"
Go to the pub, and wait for it all to blow over.
youre lying. theres no way a gunshot would hurt!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
get a baking dish thingy, then oil on the buttom then mushrooms then tomatos and if you want other vegetables and on top shredded cheese. dont forget salt and do it in the oven
For me it’s American Idiot by Green Day. It takes me back to sitting in my room listening to tunes on that fat iPod just before the iPod touch or riding the bus to school in the morning trying to get myself to wake up enough for that adolescent prison we call middle school.
Shower is a trap!
So your rolling around the ground you think your martial arts is going to help you till I take a chunk out of you with my teeth anything goes in street fighting that’s why martial arts don’t help in street fighting
The Rock
I can't think of a thing. I opened this question to answer but seconds later my mind went silent. Guess I'm not that unique.
Well I always wanted a new pair of brogues
Where
Call of Duty Morden Warfare 2
Call of duty world at war
I’d assume there is a way but I have no idea how.
My puppy pouncing on his kibble that I rolled on the floor at him.
The alchemist
That actually sounds like an interesting story.  And yet the only thing I remember from the second movie is Bastian wishing for a spray can.  ... yeah it was not a very good adaptation.
When I realized my new dentist was younger than me.
Huh? So what happened?
Damn straight son, nothing can possibly go wrong.  Have you considered the inherent strength and stability of FartCoin? It's tied to the Zimbabwean dollar.
Slowly take out $9,999 each week because the government gets suspicious if you take out 10k or more. I do this for as long as I can so I can keep all that money in case my $1b gets investigated. Then I put the cash away for emergencies and start buying things I want but start small.   Also the Australian government doesn’t require you to give back any of the money you have spent or taken out if it was accidentally deposited into my account instead of someone else’s because they can’t prove that you still have the cash or if you’ve spent/given it away
I’m surprised no one said Human Centipede
I cry about it about once a month. I live near water
Mechanic Doctor
Demon hentai
Charmaine by Plan B came out in 2006 and has some amazing lines like, “I swear when she smiled, I almost got an erection…Once she gave me the wink, could only think with my genitals…Whole time I'm imaginin' what it'd be like to dose her…I marvel at her body, voluptuous curves She's a real woman, no doubt about it…I was talkin' to one of my boys, the very next day / And I told him all about me and Charmaine…he replies ‘Blud…that girl's 14.’”
When they ditched me at the tiniest opportunity.
No.  Whoever your crypto broker is would have to be able to absorb that money.
If your talkin abt free games then the epic games store gives free games every week and you can get pretty good games there but if you want a casual game minecraft is nice
Provided the money is mine I would buy a house with lots of land, build paddocks and rescue some donkeys. Then I'd rescue a load of cats and dogs, employ some staff to help me care for them and the house, support some local charities by giving them large sums and then just live my life with the animals. I'd also buy a lot of smaller properties, convert some of them to disabled friendly and then rent at a low cost to disabled people or people with pets who are struggling to find rentals that accept pets. I'd also buy properties for my friends to live in free of charge and offer them well paying jobs working with my animals if they wished or help them go back to uni to learn a new career that they would enjoy. After doing all that I would probably just live off the interest and as I don't plan to have kids I'd leave the bulk to charity.
Live as if every other human is you in another life.
I wont, couse ik that wont work 😝😝🤪🤪🤪😌😌🥰🥰🥰🥺🥺🥺🙄🙄💅💅💅  /j   Sorry, i wanna stab my eyes too
There's this interview of Chris talking about Kurt Cobain's suicide saying how he doesn't understand suicide because you can heal pain with some time. Man..     Edit: (Found the interview)   *“We weren’t that close,” Cornell answered, when Stern questioned him about whether or not Cobain’s death impacted him. “I’d had friends die before that. The way that he did it was kind of a twist, but other than that, I’d been through it before. But it’s a shame, and it’s a shame for his daughter, for one, and it’s a shame for fans. But really it’s a personal thing, and it was a drag. I wish it didn’t happen. And I also think like if he had just kind of hung on for six months, six months later he could’ve been a completely different guy.”*
Reddit with the B emoji
I think a lot of people base their ego on always being right
Kinda the opposite reaction for many more, in fact you can watch it for free on any of the porn tube sites rn
'Dum spiro spero' - While I breathe I hope.
Anal sex
You’re right
But it doesn’t appear to cut away. You see a dude getting beaten, then the cameras on the floor next to his head getting literally beaten in with a fire extinguisher. Like you see his head cave in. Sorry if that’s too graphic..  In the rape scene, he punches her in the face multiple times & tells her he’s going to fuck up her pretty face & just says other horrible shit.. people see her & don’t help. Ugh, I guess cuz I’m a chick the rape scene upset me more than the extinguisher. It’s too fucken real.
Need for speed carbon or midnight club LA Remix as a 3 year old.
Nothing really, I mean theres some porn in there but honestly, isnt it MORE weird if you DONT have at least a little porn in your history?
I mean if there ever was an argument against suicide it would be to struggle on in order to take care of your pets.
I was 14 in Chesterfield. Otherwise, same story. No horror film has ever scared me. Threads still messes with my mind.
"Tis but a scratch"
A little farther.. 🧐🧐🧐🧐
The last part definitely ruined it. :(
Jesus fucking hell christ. That poor sweet thing I severely hope she was completely unaware and not aware of pain
Same bro
Got a bus a few years ago and teenage boys whispered and laughed “oh my god that woman has Snapchat”
Buy all the real estate that's for sale in my home town - build low income housing on all of them to piss off the rich assholes in my neighborhood.
Had an apprentice start at my workplace who had no idea what an audio cassette tape was.
How Ice Age __could of__ prevented?
To give life to and control inanimate objects. It would be super cool for handheld things like small statues, toys, or origami crafts. There's also an insane amount of resources at museums and other types of exhibits.
Since when is Jeff Bezos a space marine?
Melancholia, mostly the first third of the movie. It was just so overwhelming from an emotial standpoint.
Uuuggghh, contact the bank and let them know there was an error. Not my money.
I. Unfortunately have a medical condition that make fried chicken taste delicious
Ants , cockroaches
It’s very good
Withdraw as much as I can before the bank realizes their mistake
Haha I’ve never heard it. Is it fairly new? What’s it even mean?
But to be fair, it's pretty good movie.
"What happens if you turn evil?"   "I made a plan for that. It's called the Justice League."
Wu Tang - Can it be all so simple.
I doubt that making you feel comfortable was the intent.
Assuming its really mine;  Get my nan into a top dog care home for alzheimers. Buy her house off her for far more than its worth so we dont lose her house (sentimental to us) and she gets awesome care in a 5 star facility.  Do up her house as I currently live there, with a disabled room downstairs and bathroom so nan can sleep over our house two or three nights a week so that way she's always got a connection to home.  Meanwhile, buy land nearby and start plans to build my dream home.    Gather the 10 most trusted people I know and give them an ultimatum, either they all get a million each in a trust fund they can access for anything they want with the promise they NEVER tell anyone where they got the money and must say they won it on a scratch card or an estranged rich aunt died and left them cash. If anyone refuses, no one gets anything. If I find out they told someone its come from me, they're cut off.   I'd give secret gifts to family and friends, and probably lie after a while and say I won a small amount of money that I have to keep tight if I never want to work again.     Pay off my and my partners student debts.    Become a financial backer for my partners firm,he works in film and they have so many good ideas and work so hard but getting funding to do their jobs and not need part time work is bleh. I could make them their own studios with all the kit and support their first 5 films with % back on the return so that I can keep supporting them.  With a bunch of the rest of money? Donate to charities. At least million to cancer research and alzheimers research.  Maybe set up better more affordable care homes here. Our population is just getting older and they need GOOD care. Not basic care. And affordable care that wont fuck people out of their inheritances :(
Felt like I should. Wasn't mine I didn't earn it.
This isn't aita. You’re in the wrong sub
The people left behind that loved us will be incrediblly sad....  I mean, not me, obviously... But the average person
my best friends and my pets.
The man ate a chicken before every game, all right? That's why they called him the Chicken Man.   The Man batted .328 lifetime. I'm sure he ate some rum and Cokes, too, all right?  God rest his soul.
Who won?
There are
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Guess it's good I'm not gonna wake up with a billion dollars tomorrow then.  But really, if someone shoves their iphone into my backpack without my knowledge, and I find it in the morning and have no idea whose it is or where it came from... did I steal it?
..it is our most modestly priced receptacle...
Darrell Lance Abbott
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/plh0k6/whats_the_most_embarrassing_thing_u_have_ever_done/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When my children asked me “what sort of mobile did you have when you went to school?” Or “what was your favourite youtuber when you were my age”  They got very confused when I told them That mobile phones and YouTube weren’t around when I was at school
Random acts of kindness from real people - they are closeted in “their world”
Freddie Mercury
Find the best doctor and pay him/her to fix my health.
No masks period!!!
Bowie
Ugh the are so many! Too many!
Ah man you have no idea multiple orgies im talking about 300 odd people just naked drug fuelled sex and boobs and oh my god lots of sinning bruh what do you expect people working the systems for the show to run smoothly, theres technicians and audio engineers doing their work. Wake up this aint the 80s and not every show is a Guns N Roses show.
That's a pretty low bar.
Who can I help first
So you just don't understand what you're reading? Cool.
He connected with the people he met, he bothered to learn about their countries politics. Oh, and the food… made for the most interesting show.
Because it's still far too early to go to bed and I have to work
Just stop dude. Just stop.
Agree. Beauty comes from within and changes the way they look.
Drawing?
The theme tune for this film is really great, and actually quite moving. It’s an awesome contrast to the disturbing nature of the film. I highly recommend anyone who has seen it, but not for a while just have a good the theme again.   https://youtu.be/GCYndZn6wuk
Anal sex
That’s a fair definition.   Human cultures exist where people are nomads without a fixed place to live, cultures exist where accommodation is shared by several groups, cultures exist where people live communally.  That says to me that a fixed place “belonging” to one person or family unit that is their permanent shelter and store of possessions…. That’s a product of culture with cultural variations and even cultures where it doesn’t exist. That makes it a social construct, no?
I’d buy a shark that talks
Dad
Bounce the placenta.
That sometimes what you want isn’t always what you need.   I’ve made a lot of life choices that haven’t been great because it’s like I’ve been selfish, prioritizing what I want and not what I actually need. I often do this with my mental health. I put myself through all of this mess only to be miserable. I want to do exciting things or I want to help out/be around specific people. What I need is stability and to focus on myself so that I can be happy. It’s a deep realization that I’ve had, but I never seem to learn and it’s still difficult to do what is best for me, what I really need to be doing.
Defining a purpose for my life.
“Ya wanna know how I got these scars?”
I'm not super fat but I am technically overweight. My thing was drinking too much and not getting enough exercise. Recently quit smoking and only drink on weekends. We'll see how that goes...
Yep, came here to say Canada. 'Merica is craaaazy
“Don’t argue with fools. From a distance you can’t tell who’s who”
Whatever you want. Free country.
i work in a gas station.  we have an emergency off. i use it when people smoke cigs while pumping.
Stan Lee. The fist marvel movie that came out without any cameo of him just hit different
I have my Siri set to Australian male so I can imagine he’s still saving animals. This one was definitely hard.
Where I'm from, premarital sex. People be horny let them have fun.
I’d finally rest, and smile on a grateful universe
Naughty dog were successful way before that, they made crash bandicoot and uncharted as well before tlou
Dio.
wow, the last two answers change my perspective a whole lot on pain in dreams
Never pass up an opportunity to go to the washroom. There are lots of times you wish you went, and very few where you regretted going.
This is a great film, thanks for stirring a few memories.
As a child, I found a burned corpse after a fire
8 hours isn’t even that much tbh
To be honest they always sounded very depressive and dark already, not sure how people ever heard anything else in it.
Plastic Explosives
can you explain the story?
Go for it, who cares
i narrowed it down to three because i couldn’t choose 1. gene wilder  2. prince  3. david bowie
Michael Jackson
Probably Avicii. His songs got me through a lot of hard times and after his death I remember feeling empty. Not sad not depressed just… empty.
Why Don’t We Do It In The Road
college
At a Rand McNally plant where we printed maps, textbooks. The press room was hot and heavy, 2003 era. On the oldest press in the building, there were no automatic guards. We were "Washing blankets" (holding our hands on industrial powerful cylinders to get ink off). We were supposed to manually put up guards to prevent this. We forgot.  I was in the middle of this process and nearly shit my pants. I just hit the E-stop button. One false move, and I would have been a fuckin sandwich, inside of that press going 100mph.
Try and move it to a place where it can't be taken out, I.E. A crypto waller.
Costco gasoline stations are the cheapest gas you'll usually find, so they're always packed. These gas stations are usually large and have several lanes and three pumps per lane. It irks me when people take their sweet time when there are so many people are waiting, but that's to be expected. These are, what Bill Burr calls, "in-the-way-people" But what really pisses me off is that one idiot that stops right in the middle of the entrance to the lanes. Let me explain. Costco gasoline stations are usually located adjacent the Costco warehouse in the parking lot. Because there is so much demand, a long line forms snaking though the parking lot just to enter the gasoline station. Because the lanes within the gas station are backed up, the cars entering have to choose which ever lane seems least full as they come in. This means you may end up going to the nearest lane to the entrance or the one farthest. You would think people would be intelligent enough to choose the lane which is least full, but NOOOO. They all bunch up in the lanes nearest the entrance. Yeah, in-the-way-people. So, the entrance is the bottleneck to the whole thing. Here's what pisses me off to no end: There is always an embarrassment to mankind that blocks the very entrance to the gas station itself. The person could've easily been off to the left or right to allow for other cars to get through, or they could have moved inward to one of the lanes farther in, but NOOOO. They choose the obviously crowded lane near the entrance which is so backed up it leaves them blocking entry for everyone else thus stopping all traffic from flowing in until this one lane is able to move forward. In the meantime pumps are freeing up in other lanes but there are no cars to take them. I always feel like getting out of my car, walking over, pulling them out of their car, getting in, and driving it over to a less crowded lane at the farther end. Then hand them their keys with a slap to the face.
That I have no idea how to cook… and also I need to leave the country
So...was it like a school for kids with serious behavioral problems or something? I’m sorry I’m asking so many questions I’m just baffled. I don’t want to bring up any trauma
Wait.. go back.. what did u say..? 🧐☹️
Trevor Moore was incredibly sad. That guy shaped my sense of humor. He was just getting back on track with his talkshow and the official WKUK YouTube channel. He was so young as well. Just does not feel real some days.
Actually taking time to actively do things alone and spend quality time with myself. I have so many hobbies now that have given me a lot of confidence, to the point where I think about myself in a completely different way.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Seriously though. My whole life, before i went to college, i was told that was one of my major goals in life. I believed that and believed it was going to be the best experience of my life. I constantly daydreamed about college life: Interesting classes, befriending classmates, living in a dorm, and overall feeling like a responsible, content, fully independent adult.  Ig my daydreams were on acid cuz none of that was real.  It wasn't bad though..it was just school, nothing more.
I just wanna rip their skin off and spray some alcohol to it:((
From the top of my head
Escape the uterus.
*hears the word invincible* BWAAAAA BWA BWA BWAAAAAA
I’m personally younger than most people replying to this thread bc I’m 18 years old. I always watched his shows with my mom. The first time a case really got to me was the case he did about Nicky Verstappen. I always thought he had so much strength and in a weird way thought he wouldn’t die. I know that’s weird. So when I heard he was shot I prayed so much he would get better. I was on my internship on the other side of the country when I watched everything about his funeral and it really got to me
That we need water
I took a 2 hour nap at 2 pm then for some dumb reason drank coffee at 7 pm
Anthony Bourdain. He was such a genuine soul, I really felt like I knew him, a lot of people did.
Medicine.
Midsommar. I don't think I need to say anymore
I'm curious now.
Wasn't that about a slight skin tone change due to eating on silver?
That was a pretty smart move FBI
As many steamed blue crabs as I could eat
nothing like a shot gun frenzy to some kick ass beats
Cannibal holocaust. Look it up, it's seriously disturbing to people who don't like gore or stuff
Yep
It still is a very very likely scenario. The media is too focused on celebrities to talk about it.
Weirdo
Epstein.
Heath Ledger
thomas. yes.
You're right. His loss felt so personal. I remember friends, colleagues, relatives..everyone was heartbroken when the news broke. There was a simplicity in him that people could relate to, and when he died,  people felt that.
Drugs. Lots and lots of drugs
Chester Bennington. I always said I’d listen to him live one day (born in 2000, couldn’t I’ve their best years as an adult unfortunately.) and then I heard and just felt shattered. Even did a paper on him (not LP, just him.) for middle school because o had a few depressive thoughts in my life that percolated around the time. Talk to someone guys, it’s always better than the alternative I swear it
Stan Lee
He was a genius character that definitely should have been explored a lot more.  The One Ship that landed was SUCH a great idea and there could have been a film made centering around that alone and it could have been awesome.
I was only 10 when she died so it never really had any impact on me.  Now that I'm older and have a child I feel so bad for William and Harry. Who have kids of their own, who would never meet a grandmother who would have cherished them.  The thought of my child mourning my loss is heartbreaking...but to be under such scutinity from the entire world? Such an unfair position to put those boys in. I think everywhere would have been compassionate if they'd stepped back and were only present at a private event where they could have said goodbye to their mom.
Check who the hell deposited it.
I change my height in “the file” to 6’2” to see if it makes me taller.
Adolf Hitler
It's tuesday somewhere.
Call of duty world at war
Sonic 2
Yes I did read that
This has the side effect of making you look like a psychopath about to kill somebody or have anal sex
Dinosaur hunter
A scar on my eyebrow because my sister ran me over with her bicycle when I was 10
Probably sinister due to the fact that Im the oldest sibling
You should read the author’s Blood Meridian, if you haven’t. It makes The Road  look like a Harry Potter book.
Original pokimon theme song
She has more income but I have more assets and she keeps signing things off in my name so technically I own more stuff but she brings in more money if that makes sense
Third time's a charm
Batman.
21 days . And meth was a key role
When I burst two discs in my back. That was the day my youth ended.
i played scissors paper stone with my twin in the womb
Check if it's real
When you have to buy OTHER people Christmas presents …. Like wtf
Too small or yall too fat
Because i am bored 🥲
Cinderella!!??there're like 50000 of them znd they all suck fr .
Agree!
People who state something as a fact, then when you show them they're wrong they try to pivot to something else that they hope they're right about
That i am, in fact,  not a goose. However,  i am easily arousable.
Come and see! You have a good taste in film! That film was tough to watch, it kept me thinking about my family who lived in Poland a the time of ww2. It was some really dark times.
Thirded, until recently actually.
That would be some breathtaking last moments
I got shot in the leg during a WW2 battle. Hurts a lot
The 4 agreements
No Mr. Bond, I expect you to die.
Chicken nachos
Any government job
I watched Faces of Death when I was in 7th or 8th grade. I can't believe I actually sat through it all. It was fascinating and disgusting at the same time
The brooch my granny gave me while she was still alive. I had an extremely messed up childhood and she was the one singular family member who treated me well and actually wanted to spend time with me. My most fond and vivid memories are from her. I am missing I would say 80% of my memories before the age of 13 due to extensive abuse but I remember all of the time I spent with my granny in perfect detail. I even have a photographic map of her house in my head that is basically my happy place, especially the back yard.  The brooch was a birthday gift. It was two frogs, because she was more obsessed with frogs than I've ever seen anyone obsessed with anything. Her house looked like one of those homes of people with world record collections, but smaller and with frogs. I remember her telling me that she wouldn't be around forever and that she wanted me to have some of her frogs to remember her by. I took that brooch with me everywhere but it fell off my bag on the bus I presume. I only noticed after it had already pulled away. I never saw it again. It's definitely the thing I regret losing most in my life.   Great I am crying now, I fucking miss you Granny. God dammit. You didn't deserve to die so early.
One of those times I'm happy my memory sucks. I know I've seen the movie, but don't really remember the extend of how horrible it was.
Move my family to a town with clean air
Idiocracy
We need to talk about Kevin messed me up the most   Otherwise I’d say audition
The movie where James Franco chewed he arm or leg off
1999
One of the big winners did that.   Like 350m or something.    A great strategy.
Sicario 2 ending was so bad it ruined Sicario 1 also.
Cute can be the way they dress or do their hair. Personality makes them sexy hot is their looks.
But ... unless it's a very unusual circumstance ... it *is* a mistake.
George Michael. I'll never get over his death
Lmao
the average chicken is 5 inches
All night construction behind my house.  That's the way the cookie crumbles.. Back to you, fuckers!
That i've researched the LD50 of every medication I'm on.
Buy all my friends ps5s
I was 20years old when a 16year old looked at my shoes and said "I suppose when I'm your age I will wear shoes like that"
You did good.
All are good. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has the advantage of ground fighting, and most street fights end up on the ground. Plus there's no strike so less pain and marks. And most people would not be able to defend themselves on the ground. But any is good to take. It brings confidence and some useful basics (throwing a pnch with boxing, leg kicks with thai boxing,... All have something)
The snake game i think
PROOOVOOOOOKIIING, BLACK CLOUDS IN ISOOOLAAAAYTIOOOON!
That sounds like hyperbole lol, years? For making a movie? Perhaps he's in the wrong business.
Way too young to die. Her music is still a banger.
36 something hours. Exams
Can I join? 🥺👉👈
We were in and out of foster care from age 7-12 thanks to some legal issues on my Mom’s part.  Our socioeconomic status was a seesaw right up until I got this job.  It went something to the effect of Middle Class->upper middle class->upper middle class->poverty->middle class->upper middle class with large resource access (my dad rejoined our lives, paid child support, and covered most of what scholarships didn’t cover)->poverty->lower middle class->middle class->pushing toward upper middle class.
That’s kinda rude innit
Midsomer
I’m gonna buy everything I can to find the hacker and buy stuff to make them talk
Smash mouth
Crossbows.
I am.
Do tell, like, what are the variables involved?
Brad Pitt
Calvin Klein Reveal
"Never prioritize anyone who isn't prioritizing you." As far as relationships go, this might not apply to jobs/business.
Dark Reader. If you frequently use chorme at night, it will help you feel more comfortable.
Hi there! Your post was removed because it appears to use too many capital letters.  Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), this brings unnecessary attention to the post and is a baiting device.  Please resubmit, but use proper capitalization.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buddha's delight. There's this really authentic Chinese place in my city that makes it absolutely wonderfully.
oh almost every episode was like that, I only watched cause i was fascinated by how House solved it in the end
Anal sex in a nutshell
I'm not fat I'm big boned
"I would like it noted that I did not get my spaghetti-ohs"
Amy winehouse
That I'm stupid and shallow.
why shouln't i? there isn't a single good reason to use it
Are we talking smash as in hulk smash style?!
Make sure to take lots of pictures for the memories and the world changing news
youtube ad blocker
That I can't remember how long to boil eggs to make then soft boiled, so I have to google it way too often. That's my shameful secret... well was.
Tell no one, buy all the homies and myself top their gaming pcs
Then you gotta put in all the other shit and not just focus on "oh yeah, you could totally live this, good luck"   Infection rate, hospital room, hospital cost, lasting side effects, time lost because you got sick, willingness to risk being that 1%, willingness to risk someone else being infected and them being that 1%, ect, ect, ect.   There is a lot more to focus on then just that one thing.
Never having a date lol
tell no one other than my husband and lawyer, spend it slowly and wisely.
Have a cup of coffee.
That I use recipes for cooking way more often than people think... yeah I'm wild like that!!!
Know I have more money then before nice I would celebrate
What if they love it so much they want to take it?
Yes! So fucked up. Pedophile stuff. It’s rough.
When I get to an age where I wouldn’t sign myself on football manager
Depends on what kind of books you like. If you want to change the way you understand life read Sapiens by Yuval Noah Harari.
When young people started calling me ma’am
A lot of recent deaths hit me, some hit me pretty hard, but one I haven’t seen here yet is Grant Imahara. Dude had an undiagnosed aneurism that ruptured, nothing could’ve been done. It’s so weird to think that someone who was such a big part of my childhood, who was still (relatively, of course) so young could just drop dead out of nowhere. He wasn’t much older than my parents so it really threw me for a loop thinking about their mortality like that
Ummmm...  Might wanna do that sooner rather than later. Just a suggestion, in case you don't get an expiration date warning.
Christmas 1915
This one, because it's not a shock exploitation film like others mentioned here. It's a real story that tried to tell the truth.
Wasting alot of time, i would sit down, next thing you know i had been scrolling for an hour, like no this is a complete waste of time. Dont even get me started on the grown azz people who dont even need to be on IG alot of people on IG need metal help
For me, it's Paul Walker.
It also works as a World War II allegory if you break it down a bit.
Honolulu. The oldest part of downtown where the office buildings are like out of a Charlie Chan movie.   So I buy this really cute woman dinner. I met her in class at the University. At the end of the meal she tells me I'm not her kinda guy. OK.    She takes me to this office that she rents. She does not own a business of any kind. She just rents this old office that belonged to a dentist back in 1925. Smoked glass doors, transom, etc.   This office is filled with random Goodwill clothes. I mean thousands and thousands of dresses, pants, suits, etc. Heaped against the walls.   This cloth, it turns out, is a sort of soundproofing. She rents the office and goes there at night so she can roll around on the floor and scream.    It took me a while, but I later surmised that this poor soul was a victim of family sexual abuse.
Kung Fu grip
The damn national anthem. You don't know how many times I've sung that song in assemblies.
Robin Williams. I’d watched Patch Adams the day before. That’s the one movie of his I can’t watch again.
Build a house in the shape of a large shrubbery
Just start singing Never Gonna Give You up since I can't get it out of my head and it makes me forget the other songs anyway so I can be sure I can get out
Continue playing minecraft
Are you american?
I'd say Damon Salvatore.  "because when people see good the expect it, and I don't want to have to live up to anyone's expectations."
"that's gas"
We all bleed when cut
why?
In your head or balls? That'd make a big difference
Telstar by The Tornados. That song is intricately tied to the early 60s
The 3rd is the the most fucked up imo
The ruins next to me are appraised for $21k.
At the end with Vietnam Vets scene really get me. Their experience in the war is very difference. The Vietnam Vets probably see some shits where Jake's character is never shot a bullet.
Cross posted from another answer that i gave to a similar question: The dream was that I was pregnant at a train station and I started going into labor. Everyone just took out their phones and watched instead of helping. The baby was breach and I was in so much pain for what felt like an eternity. The baby wouldn't progress, I thought I was going to die. So to save the infant I tried ripping my abdomen open with my fingernails. Everyone just laughed. I died. Baby died.  Woke up and took a pregnancy test. Negative. Thanked all of the cosmic entities lol
Harry Potter
Well, I was 19 & partying hard at college with new friends outside the churchy local bubble I grew up in, figuring out what to do with the attention I was getting from guys/gals & having a blast being a contrarian atheist liberal in a deep red state, but I didn't meet my SO until '08, so...yes & no. Mostly no 'cause I was a hot mess lol
Because I’ve been taught as a child to eat, instead of denouncing abuse and pain, because the truth was hurtful and could break my family. And I didn’t want to be that kind of person
Music
Greys anatomy, I always thought that it was so cliche to watch but it’s very good
Chemistry
This is a left wing belief called “intersectional feminism”
r/holup
I'd be king of the world because I'd for sure lie if nobody else could
Jojo openings
Tucker Carlson, he knows full well what he's doing.
Probably annoy the whiney snowflakes antifa's
It’s really, really, really simple: there is no proof.
That we let too many low-skilled immigrants into the  country.
Citadel
Sleeping
UPVOTED
oh for sure, i meant its sad that you think our mind only exists in the physical and we just disappear when we die
Home
The story of the tool box murderers who used various tools to torture young girls they picked up into submission to rape them. They recorded most of the situations and the recordings have been used to desensitize FBI agents. You can actually listen to them and it’s pretty horrible. These guys had a terrible past of mental illness and crime but they somehow stayed out of the prison system most of their criminal careers until they found them guilty of being the murderers in the tool box killings.   But IMO the worst of all was the death of Junko Furuta in Japan. I won’t get into details because it honestly makes me sick inside. But if you read her wiki you’ll understand. Kids can be unimaginably cruel and destructive. She suffered some of the worst torture I’ve ever heard of. Then to add salt to the wound very little consequence came from it.
Total wipeout of humans
Intelligence
Peter Lundin. A great example of pure evil
Americans are penny wise, pound foolish.
The 27 club will be discussed.
I don’t understand the eviction ban because of Covid. I’m guessing I must not understand it correctly. It’s just confusing to me that a renter can not pay their rent and the landlord lost the ability to do anything about it. I suppose people could argue that the landlord is a big housing company and they can figure out financing but what about the people that simply rent out one house?
My wife and I got married in a park.  Family was there.  Best man, maid of honor and there significant others were there.  Afterwards all our friends came back to our place and had a big cookout/party.  She wore a dress she picked up at a second hand store and I got a suit at the mall.  Absolutely zero regrets at all.  People that have big weddings get super stressed about stuff.  We actually got to have a really fun day with all our loved ones.
Flat stomachs.
i just wanna laugh hard.... i havent seen lot of sitcoms except( friends, office)...suggest me a sitcom or a tv show that made you laugh the hardest.
People should date someone around their same age.
Exactly. If I had invited everyone it would’ve been closer to 150.   I’m not sure why everyone is jumping on the number. Maybe I should go back and get an exact head count, since it means that much.   I was at a wedding (outdoors) back in July with 200 people.
That ads is following me around!!
There’s a generic term for it “a do not resuscitate”. But you can be more specific. People do it for religious reasons sometimes.
SpongeBob. When Steven Hillenberg died, the should have too.
If you die in an ambulance, how would you have a dying wish in a hospital? You'd literally be dead on arrival! Case in point!   Nobody can force you to die in a hospital! You literally sign paperwork to be there!
When a Redditor doesn't ask a question that's been asked 1000 times
I don't consider support of nuclear power to be a conservative viewpoint. It's a scientifically literate viewpoint. Theres plenty of scientifically illiterate conservatives and liberals.
Definitely! I'm already down just short of 20kg by doing just that. That and eliminating alcohol from my life.
I love the “Three Stooges” and I also love beer.  The golf thing “Three Little Beers” was from their short in 1935.  I was a caddy for 4 years growing up, enough so that I dislike golf.
Get on a horn line in a band! No feeling better than making music with others.
That hate chicken is just so good.
Good, how about you?
The cookies and chips need to be put on the highest shelf available if you have kids.  This also applies to beer if you have roommates.  Conservativity at its finest 🤌
Joe Biden
UPVOTED
The US government.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I doubt about the latter but I see how physical appearance might play a big role in sexual intimacy especially in college.
Yes. Those parent's kids usually have everything handed over to them if they just ask which makes them have no work ethic and assume the entire world works like that
I hear what you’re saying. We’re in the middle of it right now so it’s hard to be objective and judge accurately. It’s like judging a woman’s actions and behaviors while she’s in labor. How she acts during trauma isn’t necessarily an accurate reflection of who she is under normal circumstances. Unfortunately, time will tell us more about who we are.  Also… we know from recorded history that the idea of marginalizing anyone who is “other” isn’t new and it likely goes much more to our innate fear of different things. We’ve evolved to keep doing what we know hasn’t killed us, and change is hard.
The ability to distinguish things like patterns isn't the issue. The problem is rooted in the human condition and how it's warped the passing of knowledge.
Getting high
The Millionaire Next Door isn't rich, he can simply afford to retire.
Luis Suárez, that you?
Lincoln
I would’ve preferred a less deadly method of determining, but you are correct.
Gymnasts 🥰
I understand but don't waste your life in this world trying to get into another world in the dead man place.
There's no such thing as "social harmony". We disagree, on everything, and always will.
UPVOTED
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Not sure what you consider “big” but when my wife and I got married we invited about 100 guests, because we wanted to share the day with our respective families and friends, and give them a chance to get together and meet each other.  We did save money on other things.  Decor was minimal, wife’s dress was reasonably cheap, she made her own cake and bouquet, got our SIL to do photos, etc..    I don’t think there’s anything wrong with going smaller is budget requires it.  Each of our parents offered to cover costs and that’s about the budget we ended up going with.  Could have got the price down a lot and just done a backyard BBQ, or rented a hall and done our own food instead of booking at a hotel if we needed to.
Welfare being given to people of healthy body/mind. Bruh my taxes are paying for you to not work. Fuck you, find a job.   Can't find a job? Use that welfare money to learn a new skill. You have an internet connection I'm sure: learn to code, try learning a language, try a business course.   Don't have internet access? Go to a library or an internet cafe.   And you better not be having kids while you're on welfare, either.
Life
"You may choose to look the other way but you can never say again that you did not know." -  William Wilberforce
A bitch!
Taliban, Al Qaida, etc.
This used to be one of my biggest pet peeves. (Still is, just haven’t been going out much lately). I’d spend hours at my college library studying and when I went to the bathroom there’d be no hook to hang my backpack, or more likely, a hook hole where it has broken off. So I’d have to do the whole squat over the toilet thing with a heavy backpack with books/a laptop/food/water on my back, since there was nowhere else to put it.
Had a friend who won a Xbox setup from taco bell... no problem redeeming it
I LOVE puffins
Driver end. Just a week ago: Some dude spun the fuck out on all sorts of drugs was trying to run me off the road while I had passengers. Scared the shit out of the passengers I had while trying to avoid this guy ramming me on the road, speaking with 911 dispatch, and glancing at the GPS so I could tell dispatch where I was at. Ended up causing him to crash when I pulled a sudden turn and braking maneuver. Passengers said my driving was like some shit out of a movie; fuck if I know. Adrenaline was flowing too hard and everything I was doing seemed like it was in slo-mo and taking forever
1790 upmanship
I’m tall and suck at basketball being tall has nothing to do with how good you are. I mean dunking is two points but if you can consistently hit 3s that’s more impressive in other words don’t give up on basketball just cuz your short
I mean to be fair it does look like sonic the hedgehog
UPVOTED
Cats.
I suppose you could call me that, but I don't flirt with her and I don't buy her things without her paying me back. I do try to respect those boundaries of her relationship.
i don't think the military has nothing to do with this topic, it is not allowed to be in a relationship in the military between any soldiers male or female.      definitely not having sex in the military.   &#x200B;  &#x200B;  the only thing i've heard about this topic and the military involved  was a poor guy who fell in love with a soldier that served with him in i think Afghanistan, he said they only held hands once because they didn't want to risk their service with a relationship and he watched him blow up.....   really poor guy i hope he is better now.. that is in my eyes the worst that can happen to a soldier...   &#x200B;  i personally don't see anything wrong with homosexuality, i think that if you find the person that makes you truly happy and safe that is who you should marry, doesn't matter male or female
A functional O zone layer
You should be on a list.
What’s it about?
>I can make sure I never ACCIDENTALLY stumble on to a scene  so this way when it happens it isnt accidental?
Abortion should be a 50/50  decision
I don't know, it's been like this is Europe for a long time and it works really well.   I'm really in favour of people being able to leave rough economic circumstances to improve their quality of life.   It may have negative impacts on the richer countries they go to but that's so negligible on a personal level.   Let people do what they have to do to prosper. It's no skin off my back.
Resident evil 8
Vaccine should not be mandatory
UPVOTED
Agreed. But she’s probably hate you after. It’s a lose lose situation
If you dont know you dont need to worry about it.
You could have just said no
Agree, it’s so misconstrued these days as to what qualifies as mental illness and what’s normal levels of sadness, it must be exhausting having a life long struggle you’ve experienced be used as an accessory or something to make someone look better, it’s just adding to the already strong stigma of mental health by self diagnosing and doing things like that, and as you said, it’s not hurting the person themselves but the people who actually experience mental illness. But I wouldn’t say this is a conservative opinion, though I upvoted it purely because I agree.
Actually I’m not disrespecting anyone, I respect everyone and anyone who has dealt with this in positive spirits, but who tf wants to answer this question that actually been affected by it?  Like I said STFU.
Robin Williams, the man brought so much joy to the world and when he passed a little joy left for me at least.
during a wedding or birth
UPVOTED
Brussel sprouts
That's a bit of a non sequitur, since I implied nothing of the sort, but I'll attempt to answer anyway:  I feel it would be better if we as a species would move past the archaic, divisive superstitions that have wrought more destruction and bloody sorrow than any other force in human history.   I feel it would be better if we as a species would stop using guidebooks written millenia ago by men with such a clear ulterior motive.   If there is more beyond the physical universe we inhabit (and you might be surprised to hear that I do believe this to be the case) it is unknowable and barely even *conceivable* to us, and certainly not resembling anything described in any book.  Now, don't get me wrong; if faith is a source of strength in your life, I don't begrudge you that.  I don't say all this to try and belittle or dismiss your beliefs, I say all this simply because you asked.
This is some advanced reddit level braindead. “How dare you criticize a woman while ignoring the fact that Hitler was a man!”
This sub with 90% of its posts that are about sex and nothing else.
Exercise... find whatever you like and find time to do it.
Wat dat mouf do?
i’ll still feel regret, but it’s hard to overcome my pride when circumstances are unfair.
We ran out of bombing targets in Afghanistan in the first 3 months of the war, and we threatened Pakistan with being bombed back to the stone age if they did not cooperate with us. Neither country was a major exporter of goods the US wanted. Is that a coincidence? The ONLY export Saudi Arabia has the US wants is oil. Do you think we have ever made similar threats to the Saudis?
Dear best friend,  Please don't cry at my funeral, as my hands won't be there to wipe your tears.
turned out my ex cheating on me was also cheating on a different guy and that i was the side piece, told my friend about it and he says "it really is a cuck or be cucked world"
Creepy = no actual meaning  Earth = the element of my zodiac sign
Very open minded I see.
dude, ask her out before asking questions like that
You should eat something. You're avatar looks hungry.
Nothing is permanent, the only constant thing in life is change. You’ll learn from your past experiences and your mindset and the way you see things will change drastically. There are gonna be sudden losses but you’re gonna get through it.
Is.... Is this some kind of copypasta lol?
I have like a 3 meter long list to choose from
Couldn’t you in theory then just pick up the cart, carry it over the line, and carry on?
UPVOTED
I'd assume you feel the same way about smoker's,  obese people, people who don't wear seatbelts, etc?
Yea, dude. All the time.   People are dumb.   Can’t take it personally.
I had to go to bed early because I have a concussion… today’s not been great
So I teach at the poorest independent school district in Kentucky. My man, that sounds like a failure on administration than it does school funding.
Yes I do actually remember leaving a theater during a movie, it was so awful I don’t even remember what movie it was. My mind wiped it from my brain.
good tattoos
Oh sweet Summer child
You, having spent enough time on Reddit to amass almost 5,000 comments on other people’s posts, have no doubt had the opportunity to hone your comedic skills. I’ve been busy in the hospital, taking care of the Covidiots.
Our lord and savior Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
No regrets at all. We went to the courthouse and found a judge, shit was over and done with in less than 20 minutes. I hate gatherings so it was perfect. Next anniversary is 12 years. Marriage isn't perfect, life isn't perfect, but still no regrets.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Went from 0 to 100 real fucking quick
Sir, do you want me to call 911?
Ice cold water on a hot day
Probably strawberries and cool whip.
That's so offensive, it might be illegal
What people disagree on is the amount, not that there’s a degree of control.
UPVOTED
My dad
>if all other non-renewable energy sources switched to Nuclear  Consider how carefully people applied drive their cars.
A history of depression and alcoholism that I'm trying to treat by finding the comedy in it all, because I'm too poor to see a psychiatrist.
Agree
CLOD
Lack of evidence. Also reading books about the history of mankind. Learning how different cultures went from hunter gatherers to advanced hunter gatherers to agricultural and on. You can see how and why different religions were invented for different peoples. Gods, from my perspective, are similar to dragons, unicorns, and superheroes. Fictional characters with an aggressive fan base.
not my proudest fap
Being able to clear a doorway without having to duck.
I guess if I didn’t bring the 2 cats and my SO I’d probably feel bad about it later…
Pride is the root of all evil.
My dog freaks out when a fly is buzzing around the house. Not sure if it's common but this is the first dog that has done this
How?
Letterkenny! God damn such unique sense of humor. I love the fast pace, quick witted, punny dialogue.
I needed one
/u/Ekiph respond.
What the fuck!!
BBQ sauce + literally anything
Echo chambers and grammar Karens.
All of this from your 228 day old account, huh?
Dirt after light rain.
r/fucknestle
We may as well just learn to live with COVID at this point because it’s not going to go away. Also mask mandates in a country where you can easily get a vaccination at will whenever you want one and nearly all of the cases today are among people who are willfully choosing to be unvaccinated are stupid at this point. Let us live our lives normally and let the dumbasses die.
I guess they figured there are enough boozehounds like me willing to do it for free liquor and pretzels, so no need to pay anybody.
r/mademesmile
You're going to be murdered in the most friendly, uplifting way.
In My Life
Cool
In Bulgarian the word for Death is feminine and in all fairytales where death is anthropomorphised, instead of a Grim reaper, death is presented as a kind woman, greeting people as friends.  The skeleton with the grass cutting thingy is a depiction of what awaits sinners in hell, not what takes them to the afterlife.
The problem with your example is like getting vaccinated, being obese is totally under the persons control.
[She's an artist now](https://www.seattlepi.com/news/article/A-victim-a-survivor-an-artist-1106335.php)
Yes, a really good book
Subscribe
/thread.
Assholes probably kept grabbing half the bins at a time for home use.
Same
Twitter
The series MASH lasted ten years when the Korean War only lasted three.
Hispanic mother with baby throwing a temper tantrum
6th grade. Another teacher ran in and told my teacher to turn on the news for us.
What if it’s your wife/husband?
life has always been a roller coaster of pain, it just gets bumpier in some parts
I love it when you talk dirty, Caster Troy
Time for myself. With work, housework, and child care, I only get time for myself if I stay up way too late at night.
Glasses must be expensive!
“The god damn pen is blue!”
Jared Kushner and Donald Trump: They were ok with a deadly plague because he thought it would mostly effect the non-white Democrats in urban areas. Oh, I suppose since they are only responsible for over 600000 dead, instead of torturing one person graphically, they get a pass.
QAnon. Conservativism. Just generally highly antagonistic people, self righteousness, selfishness and contraryness... I wouldn't even rub my junk where some anti-society magic thinker sat down - don't care if the seat mark is still warm and you've got the sexual prowess of a Greek god damn acrobat. If you flex on the internet screaming 'BUT MAH FREEDOMS!!' then I'll be jiggling my bits someplace else. And also bad breath.   But I'm aware you can clean teeth so I'm willing to be flexible on the bad breath.
Oskar Direlwanger is one of the most concise examples of evil. Case in point: he was a Nazi that the Nazi’s almost drew up crimes against humanity charges against. He once had soldiers in his unit execute all the children in an orphanage but he didn’t want ammo wasted so he forbade them from shooting them
If e-walmart then the random guy without a mustache
A rich persons child
Time heals all... or at least makes it so it didn't really matter.
12 days. Was very sick, throwing up 25-30+ times a day, in the worst part of a 4 day period alone, and lost 15 pounds.
Is it possible to learn this power?
the cabbage merchant
When Scientists invented the magic !! Lol
It started as a throw away, and just kinda stuck when I forgot my password to my other account.
I am
In my understanding, heroin can be lethal and is illegal. Porn isn’t. I don’t see the comparison?
Amogus
A friend of mine is the owner of couple of clubs in the city, one being very expensive and high class. So I know the bouncer, know the barmans and know the reserved table for the owner. One time I was really close to shit myself and went to the club to take a shit in the private wc backdoor. So some fancy events, everybody parades with dresses and watches and makeup, and there I am, super regular, waiving to the bouncer, cut the line, doing the number two and then seating at the best table for quick drink enjoying the scene.  I can tell a lot of people was confused and could not process if I was very important or not.  Best time ever
You aren't going to see actual Conservative views on reddit that don't have -50 votes
I always hate when I get a small portion of a song stuck in my head that plays over and over again.. but when it is just a catch phrase (not using that right) that plays over and over in your head, it's even worse!
A James Spader movie.. probably Secretary or Sex Lies and Videotape
We (The UK) should not have a second elected chamber and that the chamber of lords (unelected members of parliament) should remain.
I once ran out of cigaretts and I allways need to have some before going to sleep or i get stressed.   One night i didnt went to get some after a party and when i woke up our whole town was in lockdown because some dude had a mental breakdown and murdered 2 people with a knife and paralysed our postman with a stab in the back.   Police said he waited at the train Station all night wich is exactly where i usually get my cigaretts.   Smoking kills  - but psychos with knives do it faster.
We are Groot
Mashed potatoes and sausages for me, thanks. Some tomato ketchup on the side.
What about father's?
"I love you"
You mean that’s a stance you can get on top of… unless of course you’re a bottom :)
George Ezra
Dark mode is easier on the eyes
I'd say yes as children tend to imitate their parents
I have never played football
Probably our treatment of the environment
Leftists love guns. I love guns.
‘‘Twas a regular school day, and I needed to piss. So naturally, I went to the bathroom and approached my favourite stall (yes I had a favourite don’t act like you didn’t).   I opened the stall door, and dear god I’ll never forgot what I saw.  The floor was drenched with a mixture of piss and water. There was a single piece of shit sitting on the soggy floor, and a second one hiding in the corner of the stall.  The toilet seat itself had droplets of wee all over it, along with another piece of doodie resting on top, with a few smears around it.  To top it all off, inside the toilet, someone had crammed a half empty packet of seaweed down the centre. There were floating pieces of seaweed and crap surrounding it.  I decided I didn’t want to use the bathroom after all.
Physically? Rear ended a fully loaded semi with a trailer full of gravel in the middle of a blizzard doing about 75kph. Didn’t even see anything came around a bend down a hill single lane highway visibility went to 0 then my car went to 0. Every air bag deployed ones I didn’t even know existed and the whole thing felt like Dwayne the rock Johnson punched me but managed to hit my whole body at once from every direction.  Mentally would be two days ago I had to put my 6 year old German shepherd down due to hip and joint issues, he was in a lot of pain, his coat was no longer long shiny and black but he was shedding bad and always sad even though he’d relentlessly still try to play ball, cry myself to sleep every night looking at the album of us from the last six years since I got him at 7 weeks old. This will take a long time to heal from.. got him at a low point in my life and here I am again..
Bidens government overreach. Kamalas kackle
UPVOTED
WOW
You posses great knowledge now. What will you do with it?
Machines that have harnesses you wear on your wrists that make it impossible for you to stick your hands into the device when it actuates.
My friend was gay and came from a very religious family that made him feel like he was going to hell.  He tried to kill himself because of it.  I desperately searched for him after receiving cryptic suicidal texts.  I found him passed out clutching a bible after ingesting a bottle of pills. Drove him to the hospital where they were able to treat him. First thing he said when he woke up was “don’t tell my parents where I am”.  I could never believe in a god that made my friend feel that way.
The big corps are competing to get employees, get employees back to their buildings and resume their stagnated businesses.  Anyway, although we disagree on things, you are a fellow American and I know we both are trying to do the right things through the lenses we have. Peace brother. Nice having back and forth without getting uncivil. I appreciate it greatly.
So you want people dead for a minor traffic offence?
Honestly, I have taken to free bleeding through airport security when I go at that time of the month. Go to the bathroom right before I hop in line, get through, put a pad in when I get out. It's so humiliating how I have to be afraid of being touched by a TSA agent (for a natural body function) just because some dumbass in the government thought the rape machines are a good idea.
You trust said neckbeard?
Agreed. Just drop the segregation, sexism, and racism and there was some pretty cool stuff from that time period!
He doesn't know what grammar is either. "My bitch love do cocaine"
Abuse.
Steven Colbert
There would be a lot more people still living, both in US and in the middle east
Only certain parts of him
Halfway between gibbering insane extremism and being reasonable is just as bad as the gibbering insane extremism, and yes, Republicans really *are* as bad as people say they are. It's not a 'team sports' thing to identify that shitty people are shitty. Assholes screeching 'ree no u' does not change that fact, either.
Yeah I won some free chocolate bars too but never won a xbox or a car
Yup.   Totally happy.  It's me My cat My PS4 And pizza
Any speech delivered passionately sounds like truth. It’s important to read transcripts/subtitles and hit mute once in a while.   Greed is to covet or overindulge; it’s unnecessary. Something that is not necessary is perhaps good within a narrow definition but it cannot be entirely “right”. The rest of the diatribe crumbles. Where it hints at self-preservation and survival, this cannot be characterised as greed. More like desire or yearning for something which still requires effort to claim.
Okay, 80mph is a hell of a lot more complicated than 60mph.  ...Would you like the answer in metric, miles and feet, or fractional miles? ;)
Having to show my driver's license and 'solemnly swear I won't cook meth" every time I need to get more allergy meds.
This
Hamsters and bunnies!
All cars driven by actual humans. I guess in 10-15 years all cars will be self-driving like the one tesla is manufacturing. Maybe kids in 20 years will never have to obtain their driving license..
That Bryan Adams one from Robin Hood Prince of thieves.
UPVOTED
This, but I think of it intersectionally. Specifically the intersection between misogyny and capitalism.
That song that just repeats “thunder” over and over and over…my god I hate that one with a fiery passion
Cyber attacks have an unpredictable potential for harm while murderers are somewhat limited in the number of people they can kill before they are caught - unless they pass the threshold into straight terrorism that is.
Not watch it
The fact that Covid is still around
If you worry about offending people dont make a movie. As someone somewhere will always be offended at something.
If I ever meet a Paula pace or a Stephanie serikstad im spitting in their faces. At least it sounds like most of the people involved lives relatively short, miserable lives
\*Coronavirus entered the chat\*
Seinfeld
Some of our role is to find these beautiful minds and help them. Thank you so much for letting the world know your story. Humbled.
If you can't handle me at my worst then you don't deserve me at my best.
1965 fast back mustang
No worries. Granted it *might* be different with each branch but I doubt it. The military as a whole has made great strides when it comes to inclusiveness.
Doggo
He jerk in the sky and wait the fall to place her on the right spot
“A Day In the Life”.
I really enjoy agreeing with old people who want to get rid of socialism. I always suggest we get rid of all the most expensive socialist programs, like social security and government supplements to oil and energy companies to artificially keep prices low. Drop Medicare and socialized police and fire departments, and let us pick our own private security firms to protect us. It always turns out that the most vocal against socialist policies actually use the socialist programs in the US the most.
It's a dark song lyric wise but that music in the back is so catchy.
Let me guess. In between playing a mp shooter online?   Hell yeah. Cheers buddy.
Do a quick poll to see how many people have/had that opinion of the *Manson Family*. I guarantee it will skew highest towards people who are old enough to remember their little rampage 50-some years ago. As a kid in Podunk, Illinois, *two thousand miles* from where this was happening, I was petrified.!   More to the point: So was everyone in the US. The Bogeyman was real and he controlled his assassins with the snap of his fingers. Nobody knew where they'd strike next. The entire country breathed a sigh of relief when they were caught. ♡ Granny
UPVOTED
This 100%. My boss has ~200mm and does absolutely nothing that would indicate he has money. Lives in a regular house, drives a regular soccer mom car, wears shirts with holes in them. No apparent expensive hobbies. I’m sure he makes some large donations privately, but doesn’t disclose any of it. Many people I work with have 1-10mm, and not a single person in that group has flashy cars or clothes.
>I don’t like the studies ive seen on it  Ah so you are a world-leading epidemiologist with years of experience testing, developing, and fighting infectious disease then?
>Forgive all the ?s  Lol you're totally fine!  It is only legal medicinally here, so you have to pay a doctor whatever their fee is to confirm you have a medical condition that makes you eligible. You then have to pay the state $25 for a card, and an additional $125 for a cultivation license as well. Cards must be renewed every year  You can have 6 plants flowering, 6 plants in veg, and 6 clones at a time, as a single patient (you can apply to become a caregiver for other card holders and grow more plants at a time). There's a limit on how much you can buy from a dispensary in a month, and how many plants you can grow like I mentioned, but *not* on how much you can have in your private residence. My last grow was 2-3lbs of bud :)  Edit: sorry forgot to answer, but to my knowledge there's no limit on how many licenses they hand out
Because the phrases are funny and it’s a way to express myself.
Move to a remote location in the middle of nowhere only to find out it works for animals also.
You can work and do everything perfectly and still fail in life.
Liberals are huge hypocrites that will change their opinions depending on which stance MSM like CNN/MSNBC take. A brainwashed mob of sheeple. I’m libertarian btw. Trump was a disaster and huge piece of shit, but libs are the worst of the two main political parties.
Oh man! That sucks. I rarely have something to recall too. Going through a tough time thought I'll ask the good ol' reddit for some wholesomeness. Also, if it makes you feel better, I would stop to help you.
It's not like you to say "Sorry"  I was waiting on a different story  This time I'm mistaken  For handing you a heart worth breaking
Walking into a restaurant and ordering the first thing you see in the menu without even looking at the price.
I don't remember much except coming home to watch cartoons and instead it was news about a building falling, I thought it was a demo of an old building and that happens all the time, so my kid brain just went "oh well". I went to read my Harry Potter book and didn't understand what happened until a day later.
My bookshelf inspired the username 🥲
As if insurance doesnt work that way.
Lol
Hey Google
I've always thought that. So wrong!
RDMR on Spotify. They just released their single Traitor
That you have to say certain things on certain subreddits
UPVOTED
Nevermind I mean fuck off
Texas Republicans
I still largely blame his grandparents for being the catalyst to his death. I hate everyone who failed that baby.
Lol literally
I am really bad with bad smells so much that they make me gag
The Connecticut home invasion murders were extremely horrific. It actually ended up holding discussions in the state about eliminating the death penalty for a period of time.    Two burglars broken to the home of two married doctors and their two children, one 17-18, one around the age of 11. The father was tied up and physically assaulted, the mother was taken to a nearby ATM to withdraw cash. She was then sexually assaulted and strangled to death.    Afterward, one of the burglars also sexually assaulted the youngest daughter, and tied both of them to their beds, doused them in gasoline (while they were still alive) as well as the house, and set everything on fire. The two daughters died of smoke inhalation, but the father was able to escape alive and was paramount to bringing the killers to justice.
Homemade bread
Really cheap to make and really delicious. Definitely recommend :) it's great with penne pasta, mushrooms and parsley.
r/teenagersbutpog  uwu
Yup. For while the only way I get print was to remove my printer from devices and readd. Every single time I get wanted to print. Now the it works really well. I have no idea why
Oh? What part of it?
How is that discrimination ?  The hospital has limited resources and is rationing care.  You have two patients in equal medical need but only the resources to treat one.  Who do you think the Doctors are going to treat ?  The guy who took preventive action and got a vaccine or the one who stuck his head in the sand and spread a bunch of antivax bs on social media ?
You wouldn’t be able to stop her obviously, but hopefully your influence could keep her out of an industry where she’s likely to be abused, exposed to hard drugs, and discarded completely after two or three years with no follow-up support whatsoever.
.2g mdma 3 pins of acid .5g of meth and a bunch of pot. It was a fun night till my friend started stabbing people.
Ashitaka from Princess Mononoke, Lyra Silvertounge from His Dark Materials, Steve from Minecraft (haven't played any games in years lol) and Biff from the Gospel according to Biff by Christopher Moore would probably talk about exploring the world and maybe nature and religion in some way.
It's a well known psychological phenomenon where driving makes you a much bigger selfish asshole because driving is adversarial, everyone else, other drivers, pedestrians, cyclists, as well as traffic signs and lights, are obstacles, not things to work with per se. People get pissed at those things and it's only natural. I think the only exception are emergency vehicles, where people are happy to stop and let them past.
I’ve just read the whole case… so awful! It makes me so sad that people are capable of being so evil
I grew up in a hardcore baptist family in Deep South USA. My family would go to church Sunday morning, noon and night, Wednesday afternoon and Saturday afternoon along with any holidays (I wasn’t aloud to celebrate Halloween or mainstream Christmas.)  An older guy that was a lifelong member of my family’s church committed suicide and the church refused to give him a funeral service. The church members would insult him the week after until they just never mentioned him again.  One day I just got tired of being around so much hate. I haven’t set foot in a church in 13 years and I’ve never been happier!  I fucking love Halloween! I love tacky “Santa worshipping” Christmas! If I met you, I would probably love you too. Please take care of yourself, find what makes you happy and don’t allow toxic people to run your life.
Italy easy
Hi Drax.
UPVOTED
I like word play.
Google "Afghanistan civilian casualties"
Dave he's about 18st and 6'6"
The fact that it was the logical, intelligent thing to do
Bad and pure evil are two very different things.   I don't like the Tory party, and at present vote against them, but I don't they're close to being evil.   I think many of their policies are wrong or misguided. I imagine they would say the exact same thing about my own beliefs.   Resorting to hyperbolic statements like this will do nothing more than widen the divide in this country. You can hate them if you want to, but all that'll do is make them more entrenched in their beliefs.
UPVOTED
You know my pain
Kissinger  Dick Cheney
Yes let's make english the common language but can I ask why did you go to Tamil Nadu ?
Iowa class Battleship, the Cold War refit.
A video game
Agreed.  I'm just looking for some stories about something i never could.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry for your loss.
My mom said I was smart, too. Do you think we have the same mom?
They’re all in the same category and have equal amounts of significance.
I hate race changing and gender bending
Looks like you can get about 30k for ~$1500.
You sound like a neckbeard. You have a point..?
Yeeshh
I used to go to a laundromat that did that - I’ve lived in some great neighborhoods 😂
Happiness
Can't remember tbh… I learnt my second at third languages at the kindergarten
I'll let you edit this to say what you meant before I answer
19 year old daughter: “Hey dad, just going out to try heroin for the first time”.  You: “Ok sweety have fun.”
People turning things that have nothing to do with politics into politics
UPVOTED
I'm sure it always does before something happens. It would also be more accurate if similar things weren't already happening, but whatever. No one cares. Even when these things do happen, it's just shrugged off as unavoidable and unimportant. It's only when something happens to someone that they start to care.   What I dislike most is being stuck in the middle. No one cares because no one has to. It would be nice if we could either solve problems or collapse from them which would force everyone to care, but no, we have to live in such a way where only isolated incidents happen that people can ignore.  A friend of mine went through that Jesus camp hell, so maybe I'm biased.
>I hear you, but binary decisions govern most behavior on a never ending continuum - each moment presents a do or don’t situation. It’s the “buts” and caveats that comprise a lot of the best Reddit discourse, so I view the up/down system as a simple and efficient starting point. I’d guess most of us come here for the banter after the vote anyway, right? To me that’s where the third and fourth etc non-binary votes/answers are hashed out.  Nah the talk just ends up a political pissing match where the person who says the most pacifying or populist idea that makes the most people feel the best "wins".  I can count on one hand the number of satisfying I've had on a topic 48+ hours after it's been posted. Most people don't even seem to be after conversation beyond the initial "I agree" or "I disagree" factor, and depending on the way the hive mind heads others will not post dissenting ideas at all. It's actually horrible.
First thought... What's the catch?   My company offers tuition reimbursement too only for classes that will benefit the company and not me while still working FT. I'll pass
Defenestrate
Some RAM set aside representing pixels.  A DMA process grabs a copy of those pixels, and sends them off to the monitor.  Back in the day, it was sent through DACs and mixed with some analog timing signals for analog monitors, for horizontal and vertical blank and color clocking.  Digital monitors, like HDMI, it's a lot more like sending the image and audio data over a network cable, to the TV.  Anyway, draw things on the 'pixels' in memory, and they're reproduced on the monitor.
Paw Patrol
Michael Myers
\*Ourpathy
When I came back from the behavioral health hospital after 3 weeks of intensive treatment, my sister flat out told me she wished I had killed myself instead of coming home from the psych ward.
Ulaanbaatar. Sounds almost like a sci-fi star wars city.
UPVOTED
I tried posting this a second ago but it was deleted because I didn’t have a question mark. Apologies if this is a stupid question.
Blurred Lines is a fantastic song, you couldn’t be more wrong about it.
I think being calm and having a lot of patience is the best thing you can do. Just learn when they really need validation. I think sometimes it's a habit and sometimes it's an actual need from the person wanting it. Maybe at some point in a good moment try to talk about that matter, understand the motive of that need. Also Therapy, but that's not something you can make them go to. It's just that you can't do what a therapist could to help them. Most people get annoyed and that's understandable, but showing that you're annoyed just makes the need of validation more intense in my eyes.
In molecular cardiology there are "funny" channels which allow sodium to slowly leak into the cell and this action begins the process of each heart beat. It was just funny that this channel was so different from the others.
Anal vore
oooo Long Pig.
Pandas, cats n dogs.
it's mostly comparing racist to meat eaters
Js
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pmd5f6/anybody_on_here_who_were_active_participants_at/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
An employee
Dying
Math
People need to get over attaching everything to political parties. Politicians are untrustworthy in general and so many from all parties have proven to be.
Pretty much every part of my job. I have to be suspicious of everyone because 3% of them are assholes
Seiko SKX007K, I also need to send in my Seiko Baby Tuna SRP641 to be serviced.  Apparently that’s not always the case, some people take watches off when they shower and whatnot but I prefer to keep it on
UPVOTED
I don’t think people who don’t know what fertilization is should be allowed to have any legal say in this.
I have yet to regret it. Hurts a little more when you drop some on your toe but never as much as a fully infected and ingrown toenail being stubbed.
Imagine needing fully automatic rifles and uncivilised, charmless and plainly ugly dessert camo to do a war
Litterally those since my second language is english
Dormamu, I've come to bargain.
I currently hire/fire and manage projects in the tech sector. If you have never worked in the tech sector then let me tell you something: They fluff the shit out of their resumes. It's filled with bullshit that they claim they've done/can do. They claim they've done it because back in the day they sat next to someone who did it.  Idiot proof the workplace? I take your resume, give you a computer and say, "Show me." It weeds out so many applicants to the point of absurdity. If you're going to come out the gate lying on your resume, I don't want you in my office. Especially if I'm hiring you to do a specific job you claim to know how to do.
UPVOTED
Your not invited get over it
Choice! Which asshole does one poke first? If you do it to one, the others are just waiting there itching for you. FOMO sets in and pressure builds. Man life is tough!
Flatland
No problem :D
You think 7 years is bad? Try breaking a condom
Well we're not allowed to smoke in cinemas, so I'm going to say smoking a big fat joint, :)
I'm a bigger guy, both in weight and height. I recently took a trip by plane and for the first time in well over a decade I had to pee on board. Oh my god, I cannot fathom actually fitting into it if I was truly huge (seatbelt-extender range), I could barely maneuver to wash my hands as it is!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The people that don’t want to make more money because they “will be taxed more” are financial morons.
dude did not lose a single battle, absolute chad
Nude Leggings Girl
I’ve never tried Indian food but I’d love to try! No where even remotely near me makes or sells Indian food (I’m in rural Missouri)… anyone have any good recommendations for a good Indian food recipe? Please note: I only have access to whatever spices and ingredients Walmart or Schnucks has.
Who said I was gonna use this information?
My first thought.
UPVOTED
Milwaukee tools.
The pedometer (health app).   Not only does it count your steps, it also keeps a record every minute spanning years. So you can use it to basically automatically record all your activities (in a format that doesn’t take up much memory space). Like if you forgot what time six months ago you went to the grocery store, it can tell you precisely. Or if you forgot what day three years ago you visited a certain destination you can find out. It can also just be used to store cherished memories of the past or can remind you how your lifestyle used to be at a certain time and allow you to compare.
Indie,Indie pop, Indie rock
I JUST listened to that episode, horrifying!
Anytime my friend. There's other artists you could try if you're inclined at all, just head to Bass Nation on YouTube. That's where I found more underground prods.
My username makes no sense whatsoever, but I've used it on so many platforms over the past 15+ years that I now identify with it almost as much as my legal name. If someone called out "RealSoyZombie?" in the supermarket, I would turn my head without even thinking.   I often consider rebranding when making new accounts but never do. Sometimes I'll use RSZ.
Agree. But my current position I work in the woods… so I would rather poo at home than the woods. But it also goes against words I live by.. “boss makes a dollar, i make a dime, thats why i poop on company time”
Not happy with being single, no;  its lonely
I started a four year college when I was 23 and I was overweight I think I was deemed old and creepy
In a delivery ward. Mid delivery the doc dissolves so the nurses step in only for them to follow him into dust.  Soon to be dad steps in and right before the feet come out, the mother dissolves.  Terrified, the new father runs from the room watching people disappear. Dust everywhere as chaos ensues.  It becomes quiet really fast. As the dad stands to look about, he looks down and sees a stillborn.
Why? Why did you allow slavery and the Holocaust?
Godzilla   This should be interesting lmao
Yeah. We are going to see some historical inflation soon.
…that’s a thing? My god, I normally distrust most things on the internet but that’s further than my mind has even gone.
I stopped after kitty litter. That was already too far.
How's my dad doing?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The second amendment should be the only permit I need to carry.
Dwayne Johnson, the Jungle Cruise but if Emily Blunt was hunting for me, I might play a little peek-a-boo action before I am finally hunted down. (or am I)
UPVOTED
Peruvians always save the day at the last minute, and the Dutch love talking to telemarketers.
Is that anything like a Bradbury Ray?
Reddit
Time is money friend!
It's just projection of one's own insecurities
Americans of a certain age were taught that socialism = communism = Nazi's.  This makes it difficult for these people to participate in discussions of *democratic socialism* because they attempt to cite Russia and North Korea as failed examples of "socialist government".
Politicians*   Democrats and Republicans are literally no different. Just a bunch of authright cucks proposing a false dichotomy
This comes down to the "Do you want things to be fair?  Or do you want to fix the problem?" Question.  I'd prefer never to be threatened by a homeless guy again so I'd rather just fix the problem
People to wear their masks (properly mind you)
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Miley Cyrus
Crystal Meth. Someone tried to push it on me while I was staying at a shelter.
Oh I know. I drink a lot too. According to 23 and me dna results. I'm British, Irish, Polish, and German.   With that background I should be drunk 24/7 no?
A hero
And Americans don't give a shit lol
When I say these women are seeking attention, I am referring to those who 'come out' on social media. If that's something she wants to share with her partner that's totally fine, but unless she has the intention to act on her attraction to women, it won't change anything about her marriage. If her husband is supportive and they decide to experiment with other partners (either together or separately), it is still my conservative opinion that they do not seek attention for it on social media.
Just look up the Marquis De Sade. He's where we get the term Sadism from. His writings are absolutely terrifying.
Yes, he was part of the triumvirate, until they fought each other (on that occasion, Caesar said the famous "alea iacta est" the die is thrown, when crossing the Rubicone river), and ceasar came out on top.
Black Hanekawa. If youve seen the manga panels of her, hell yeah.
Why do white people think your white?
Well the most recent antifa protests was attacking a woman who didn't want a trans with a PENIS in the women's section of a spa. Where there where female children.  Sooo antifa is against the freedom of speech where it come to women not wanting an individual with a PENIS. Harassing women. In a women's room....  So antifa ironically practice facism.
My three-year-old son. Lately, we argue about whether one bite of cereal counts as breakfast and whether he should be allowed to use scissors and masking tape unsupervised.
You don’t even need to say “female Latina.” It’s inherent in the word.
I only won free sodas
Potatoes.
UPVOTED
Baked lobster stuffed with crab, lobster and shrimp.  Shrimp creole,  Crab Rangoons.  Fried Shrimp.  Crabcakes.  Lobster Bisque.  \*I''m allergic to shellfish, soooo...if it's my Last Meal, I'm not gonna GAF about the migraine and vomiting.\*
Diet coke
It’s not though… it has 2 distinct verses, but does repeat the second half of verse 2 after a chorus. And of course the chorus repeats, it’s a fucking chorus. That’s it’s job.
Flirting
LS Swaps
JDPower awards. Literally you pay them to make up an award for you. They find a way to make the most niche, useless, and obscure things into awards. Just look at Chevy!
Either making me sick when others vomit or getting me hungry for the Same thing
Bottlenecks before construction. Those signs start 2 miles away.
Been there, done that, and the stalemate continues.
They gave me a lift in the back of their white van
Homeless dude quickly downing a beer in the beer aisle.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just be sure to know that some people aren’t messing about here. I haven’t got a car because I can’t face another test drive due to anxiety. Yes I KNOW it’s not that big a deal, but try telling my body that
All of their bird ones are horrible. WTF thought this would be funny.
Leaving
The 45th president of the US?
It was a matter of time another Latino song took the world due to how big our market has grown in recent years   Like Danza Kuduro, Asereje and Gasolina took a really big approach. The biggest difference is that, while the song was everywhere they release the remix that covered the places that weren't still
To open bananas.
Of course you meant remembering or mourning . Celebration is something that we do when we are happy or thankful that something happened, mourning is when we are sad or grieving, and remembering could be either, but more likely refers to a sad event or a random fact.   But to answer your question, I spoke with loved ones and am listening to this soundtrack, which I highly recommend.  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhyGNAmDNkQFa83vonw49VagpxMHBz0ps
It's my usual handle. I'm norse and my best friend years ago always called me weirdo.
Same
Arthur Morgan :( ( kidding )
Maus
Traffic circles are good when they're designed by people who know what the fuck they're doing. They're not so great when they're made by someone who has heard of the concept of them and just implements them based on their own assumptions.
R U saying your straight or r u saying that your parents thought you were straight? Lol
What about thorium reactors? I have read so stuff about them and they sound awesome for as far as i know at least.
That thing that pops up on websites asking you to accept cookies or subscribe to their newsletter.
Trying world 1 on A Dance of Fire and Ice, that game is still very cool tho.
Gatorade is a certified thirst quencher, it says it on the bottle !
Probably could hole up in The Bellagio in Vegas and have a hell of a friend/family/class reunion.   Maybe host my own version of Burning Man called "Burning Vag" for angry women in gaming and technology in the hotel and Red Rocks. Do Ayhuasasca with disgruntled Blizzard and Riot and Ubisoft employees for PTSD. Reunite all the angry girl bands. Free N95 masks all around.
Travel and see the world
Because they are stupid fucking morons.
Because he wanted a paradise for his people but when they sinned he corrupted the world, I think, it’s pretty vague
Idk ps4 username too
Imperialism
By being quite literally insane
Feel free to use it as long as it's not in a way disparaging to Nickelback
if i wanted to defend socialism i wouldn't use a non-socialist state like venezuela
Helpful haunting.
Sleep, weed, distractions like tv or video games etc
Heroine with the homies
There is a way to prevent ending up in the ICU, it’s called a vaccine.   We aren’t asking people to diet to avoid Covid, we’re asking to get a shot and they won’t even do that. My POINT being that fat people would willingly get a vaccine to be healthier, and Covidiots won’t even exercise that small amount of courtesy
We’d never have dealt with racism
Already got one!
It frightens people because it will most certainly be used as a basis for a social credit system. You can't expect the government to really care about its citizens without some ulterior motive. If they did you would have had socialized healthcare or at least had affordable insulin.
Sure don't
Dexter...shit.
Python Skiing
Actions are more important than reactions. It doesn't matter how many Israelis will disapprove of settler violence and burning if the government would continue to give them land.
Shrek
Scaming sick, hopeless people with „miracle cures”.
A very bad one, at that.
On why the ending of Dexter was always meant to be the way it played out.
Honestly, i get it.
If Im recalling this correctly, the tail spikes of a stegosaurus were called "thagomizers" by a comic artist, the paleontologists liked it and kept it as a scientific term.   *The arrangement of spikes originally had no distinct name; cartoonist Gary Larson invented the name "thagomizer" in 1982 as a joke in his comic strip The Far Side, and it was gradually adopted as an informal term used within scientific circles, research, and education.*  [source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thagomizer)
**What the hell happened here?**
Yo. Just wanna say. You've got a really healthy and realistic take on a topic that can generally become really touchy and full of conflict while still advocating for a more progressive take than that which has been the norm for a hella long time. Good on you.  I wanna add something but I'll put it in a separate post to keep this one as a single topic.
I think the current identity politics is destroying society and rifting us apart in a way we can't get to agree in any major issue. That's not convenient.
I think it's pretty common knowledge for people that were of news-consuming age when it happened. I'm always blown away that people don't remember heaven's gate. The news is so much more terrible these days, no wonder the younger crowd has no time for tragedies of old.
Does what “kind” of porn affect whether or not it’s “fine?” Honest question.
Because it's California, the land of liberals.
Elvis
Yo wtf
Blue Sunny Day as well.
Breakfast
Didn’t realize this was only for news.
Find ways to enjoy each other without money. Cook a meal together, find a show to enjoy, free concerts and events in your town, go for a walk, feed some ducks at the park, play some frisbee golf... just remember to continue to date them. Finances don't have to get in the way of that.
He isnt bound by anything but usually works within the laws of nature because he made them that way. If he wanted to break them all the time, wouldn't it be easier to just have made them differently?
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I got to meet Michael Schumacher in a press conference before the 2002 Formula 1 Hungarian Grand Prix. I was 13 then, so I was super hyped to get a then 3-time F1 champion. He was a very kind gentleman, asked me how school's going, and gave me some advice about karting. I have a cap signed by him that day, and it's currently a treasure for me.
Oh~ i Wish i could be that confident
*Art of Zoo*
What a comment
Requiring all new cars to have a warning to not leave your kid in the car. You should not have kids if you need a reminder!
Indian big squirrel
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pmd4s4/what_is_the_daily_post_limit_on_raskreddit_that/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wrestling
It's pretty common for someone who owns a private jet to incorporate it.
I love it in a stir fry!
Just Google brojob choo choo you'll see
I legitimately wouldn't care. You get food stamps if you meet the income guidelines. In my area the cut off for a family of 4 is $34,450. My husband and I have 2 kids and I have no idea how a family our size would live on only $34,450. If they somehow manage to budget in a birthday party, I wouldn't be mad. I don't understand why people in line at a grocery store are scrutinizing other people's carts like they know that person's whole story. I just don't understand the anger. 🤷‍♀️  I would understand the point if you were concerned about their health since people in low income neighborhoods *do* tend to have unhealtheir diets but that's a more complex issue.
A mechanical pencil lmao that and a Gatorade bottle but that’s common 😑
A penis.
Classic WSB DD 👌
For crying out loud! I'd love to see what r/misterpotomus was talking about, and that canyon in person! Is it really so hard to carry a grocery bag for your trash?
I would argue that depriving children of food during their essential development years is akin to torture. Also, it doesn’t have to be a competition. All of those things you mentioned are evil, but so is this.
Richard Buckner
At 8 weeks, a fetus contains approximately [one billion cells.](https://www.ehd.org/when-health-begins-theory.php)  “Fucking moron” indeed.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can't recall.  Lol I've been hit by a bus on my bicycle and not a single person stopped to help me so yeah
1. Piano / Guitar playing.  2. Woodworking / Metalworking / Glassblowing   3. Pole Vault.  I’d love to have the skills; no, I don’t have the time / effort / desire / patience to learn.
Tell me about it. I farted and it actually smelt like ass and cologne.
Fun fact: the term “pulling yourself up by your bootstraps” was a satirical saying because it’s impossible to do. It was meant to mock that mentality.
This is the crime that haunted my childhood:(
The good old "I am your father" scene from the empire strikes back directly comes to my mind. There is just something about the whole moment that gets me every time.
Best pronouns ever
The eerie quiet of a sky with no jets in it.  The continuous replays of the events while newscasters struggled to make sense of the situation, or even get their words out of their mouths.  The fear that that one day could be the beginning of more attacks.  The sobering notion that an otherwise beautiful, ordinary day could turn into a historic tragedy in a matter of minutes.
California is full of liberal bitches
I mean, obviously fighting a bear and killing someone aren't exactly on my bucket list. We'll see about some of the others though. I'm thinking breaking a bone is the most likely of them all to happen, not that I'm looking forward to it
Sideshow Bob
It was only for large apt complexes and they contracted with a company called valet living. The idea is to have a 30gal trash can for each unit. Garbage and recycle are left outside each door and a "valet" comes by between 6-10pm and collects it. It's loaded in a employee (not company) pickup truck and driven to the dumpsters on site which are locked to prevent residents from loading and creating a mess.   Service was sunday-thurs  The service costs about $30/month per unit and it part of the lease  Valet living is a nation wide company actually  They also provide other services like stocking pet waste stations, litter pick up and quarterly building cleaning for areas like stairs/railings.  It's definitely an interesting and very profitable business plan  I definitely have my grievances about he company and the residents often hated the service but I'm not going to bad mouth them in public
Only reason to goto walmart.
No raping
not alive
Your comment is unrelated to mine
You know it's effective if you can't even look at the product without thinking of it!
He actually called Covid the Chinese virus which that’s what it is. Also jokes are joke. Finally “be quoted in a book written by someone else” isn’t being quoted at all. And I find it funny how you decline to mention every single good thing he’s done for the black community but there’s too many things to count that he did good. I think you have Trump confused with Joe Biden
I like my squatty potty
Montana didn't have a speed limit in the daytime on several highways.  They then gave a ticket to a race driver for driving at a speed unsafe for the conditions.  The guy spent thousands fighting the ticket arguing that the speed was safe for him because he was a race car driver (because accidents never happen at car races, I guess).  The state eventually enacted a speed limit because of this guy.
If by “punished” you mean “has to live like every other person” then yeah. But holy shit what a disgusting victim complex you have.
Capybara.  So majestic...
Ok. Either must have been a police officer or he was just tackled. I must have twisted it in my mind.
Well, he didn't share pirated music on BitTorrent, not sure why he got sentence at all.
My ex trying to [Michelle carter](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manslaughter_of_Conrad_Roy) my ass. We broke up and I was doing extremely well and she saw that so she moved back to my town and started doing the worst things possible to trigger PTSD and psychosis and depression and then left town once she completed the mission. It’s been several months and I am seeing fake people in my apartment regularly and spend most of free time in catatonic depression trying not to kill myself.
Am I the only guy that thinks BJ’s are over rated? 🤔
My OCD makes me plan ahead to kill myself or friends in case they do anything wrong. Yay crippling paranoia!
Dungeons and dragons as well as Star Wars.
THANK. YOU.  (I do believe in free education and such things, but a base of capitalism is the only way for us to progress, as has been proven by literally every country that has ever based their politics on socialism)
Airport security would definitely not take as long, which isn’t a good thing.
Yeah a bullet would be too good for this piece of shit. If he ever gets out he will do something horrific again.
Pineapple doesn't belong on pizza.
Skunk
My local Target has this too. I found out by parking out of range and closer to the Bed Bath & Beyond I was also visiting that day. Lessons were learned.
Fauci
Oof I stayed home for Uni so that opportunity is gone. I’ll try the local meet up route but I doubt my parents will ever approve of meeting up with internet strangers. I’ll find a way man, thank you so much!
I think there's a distinction to be made between respecting how someone truly identifies and someone essentially exploiting those social changes for laughs/edginess. If someone *truly* identifies as something even less conventional than they/them or xe/xem then who am I to take that away from them. It has no bearing on me at all.  Where it gets tricky is determining who is really genuine about it and who isn't. So I just air on the side of caution and be respectful to all. Again it doesn't affect me at all. I will do my very best to stick to your preferred pronouns so long as you don't jump down my throat the first time if I happen to forget to use them. *Those* people do bother me.
Kittens and puppies
stop fishing for karma with 9/11!
Also shouldn’t see anyone over 30 in a flat billed hat.
Definitely not a Steal your Face
I’ve also heard that expensive brands don’t advertise on tv because they’re already so widely known and coveted, they really wouldn’t be reaching any new potential consumers.
Exactly! That’s Canada though in America they want their slaves back, and are more than willing to skew testing to make that happen.
r/politics
Disagree.  They should be treated, but where prioritization is required they should have a lower priority.
drugs
Regardless of how much money you make, invest what you can from each paycheck. Avoid buying superfluous items that don’t do anything for your quality of life and just become garage sale or donation worthless items, and one I heard recently that made an impression on me “ you cannot wait until life is no longer difficult to decide to be happy”
That’s what I meant
I dont remember
Nice idea!! But if i loss so much blood that i need to be hospitalized then what will the doctor's do?? Watch me suffer or give me blood? Just asking hehe.
Good I’m glad and of course and thank you I really appreciate it 😊
IQ tests became more common during WWII when the higher ups realized matching intelligence to one's task was critical.  An example given was a driver entered a traffic circle and didn't realize he came back the same direction.  He would probably not make a competent pilot either.
I've got big curly hair and a lot of it, basically a full head of hair on each side. I haven't flown a lot but when I do I know I can look forward to a 50/50 chance that a TSA agent is gonna put their dirty hands in my hair again, looking for.... ??? Poisoned knife tip hair pins? A kilo of coke? Bombs? Sorry, nope, just more hair.
Chernobyl disaster.   I was 7 but I still remember the breaking news and leaders going apeshit and USSR doing USSR thing.
\*Röntgen radiation
Show chickens
Pit bulls.
The fact that you use reddit.
I'm just hoping to outlive my dog at this point
Hull
True. I was reading how a new species of snake was named after James Hetfield from Metallica which is what made me think of this question. Like, in 200 years when they're learning about the Hetfield snake in science class, will they even know who the fuck he was?  I feel like the last 100 years so many musicians invented genres and styles that have been monumental, but at the same time were invented so close to each other that they might all blur together in history.
It's just attention seeking imo
Similar story with an ex. He was a really sweet guy too but he was a total invalid to anything domestic. It legit frustrated me.
THAT person!
I like what I like.
you are already happy, you already have everything you need. do not chase happiness. it is now, in this moment.
I think it may be a bit of both. But I don't work in the marketing division there, so it's all speculation on my end
it's complicated but probably Because they need to relocate their resources and focus on the China front .
If I was a mineral on a planet...
I’m waiting for September 20 to get a third shot and people are fighting to avoid their first one. Anxiously waiting for them to allow my 8 year old to get a vaccine. I work in a hospital and see first hand how helpful vaccines are.
Being a rock fan is dated (which I'm proudly though)
Its my username in basically everything else
Republicans
Al pastor
I was in California getting ready for 3rd grade. I came down and saw it on TV I didn't really understand the levity of the situation but I remember my nana crying hysterically when the second plane hit.
Plunger
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The fact that you just had to explain that you weren’t being an advocate for harming children shows that you were aware that you did not properly communicate your desire to philosophically joust.
Jewelry
Roll..  I'm old
Yeah, not to mention he was hellbent on creating Earth’s protectors. He knew something big was coming, so he created the Avengers. But, Tony Stark loves his backup plans which led to Ultron.
r/suspicouslyspecific
Brought it with me from another forum.
My parents didn’t think I was going anywhere in life, because they didn’t. So I wanted to prove them wrong. At age 14 I started studying really hard. I got to the top of my class. By 16, I graduated high school. By 20, I graduated college, got married, had a kid, and became an accountant. I try to be the opposite of my parents in every way. Where they are dysfunctional junkies, I live a nearly perfect suburban life.
I guess it depends on what you have done in the ensuing years. Are you now in great shape and successful or are you a meth head?  Has she become a captain of industry or did she get fat and bitter?  Each interaction will depend on a lot of variables. Not the least of which is so you still care what that bitch thinks or not.
Nice cake 👀
Never had cavities either.
I can walk and run again after two years being wheelchair bound.
I'm not taking any sides in this little slap fight, but being anti communist is not pro facism, just like being against liberalism or libertarianism or socialism doesn't make you a fascist   Don't forget that Hitler was anti communist and anti capitalist.  Fight with arguments, not name calling.
Thank you, Same to you
> I still have to defer to the work and data collected by others.   To a point, though.  You should still review the work and data to ensure scientific validity. That's called "peer review."
The American government.
They gave him way too much and never gave him a way to live independently. Not saying what he did was right, but they spoiled him way too much.
Probably the Transformers aligned continuity lore, or Michael Bay continuity lore
Brain Power. Forgot who made it, but it's the definition of seizure.
Yep. My local Walmart fired me and now there's literally only two cashiers working every time I come in. I have a feeling they're not gonna last very long.
Sundresses and scrubs (not at the same time obviously, but maybe I wouldn't mind).
Cashier
Ah, never mind I was thinking of the wrong person
God damn i would be impressed if this one ever worked.
Not today CIA
Unless something that defies physics occurs in the memory then it’s not really possible to tell the difference.
Hugo Boss or one by Azzarro I only seem to be able to find in France
The United States
Not worrying about whether or not you're cool
If you're still doing things like this, you're not so much an adult as just old.
Oh boy…  Are you sure? With the vaccine you are pretty darn safe to eat in a restaurant. Since being vaccinated I’ve been to Vegas, I’ve taken in a Foo Fighters concert with 15000 of my closest friends, I’ve been to a Mighty Mighty Bosstones concert with about 1500 people, I’ve been to the movies 35 times…the list goes on and on. Unless you are in some high risk group or otherwise cannot be vaccinated this is as good as it gets, and it’s pretty damn good.  Keep living in a bubble if you wish or if you need to. If you don’t need to, my advice is to rejoin society and enjoy yourself.   I personally cannot wait to get back to Mile High for the Broncos in a couple weeks.
What part of it?
My wedding was traditional, but on the small side. I think we had somewhere around 50 or 60 guests. It was a very nice ceremony in a lovely little white New England church. The reception was at a local social club that I was a member of. It was also about as traditional as could be. We had an open bar, but with such a small crowd, it wasn’t too expensive.  We didn’t do anything crazy that would inflate the cost, and we also paid cash (parents didn’t have money to help, which was just fine). That is to say, we planned and budgeted it so as to not incur any lasting debt. My wife is very good with money and had it all figured out, including the dress, the rings and the rehearsal dinner.  So, looking back some quarter century, was our small-ish wedding the right choice? Absolutely. We had the traditional ceremony and dignified reception we both wanted, yet we avoided going in too deep and hobbling ourselves with debt. It was just right.
Dude you killed him hahah
Adrian Jones’ parents. [Story here. ](https://www.fosterfocusmag.com/articles/horrific-story-boy-who-was-fed-pigs). There is videos of them making him stand outside in the cold all night as punishment. Standing in putrid water. Holding his arms above his head for hours. Strapping him to an ironing board. Beat him senseless. The list of cruelty goes on.   Not to mention depriving him of food and water or a toilet while literally trapping him in a makeshift plywood prison cell they created in one of the bathrooms. Once he finally succumbed to food deprivation, they fed his body to pigs they purposely bought for this exact reason. CPS was aware, did nothing. The mother also chronicled the abuse on Facebook saying he was an awful child and is going to feed him to some pigs.   I, a fully grown man, cried in the shower after reading the full story. It took weeks for me to shake the feeling of complete despair and sadness for what that poor boy had to experience at the hand of his own mother.
We call a traffic light a robot
Science
It was my cat, but we had to put him down a few days ago (bad heart, bad kidneys, blood clots, fluid in lungs). He was such a good bean. chatty, obnoxious, patient and sweet. Hug your little friends and tell em how much you love em.
I fucked every chick he loved 🥰
The ghost that caused it to fall.
One day, I was punching in for my shift. My shift started at 12:00 p.m. I punched in at exactly 11:57 a.m. Eight seconds later, the time changed to 11:58 and then about 13 seconds later, the time became 11:59.
Probably nothing.  You can't be sure even the smallest change with good intentions might lead to a world worse than the one we inhabit.
That doesn't mean that IQ is fake and/or comparable to astrology.
The system we have where things are valued based on need and desire rather than actual production value.  There's a reason we still have famines and preventable diseases despite having record amounts of food waste and medicine.   Profits > people is the way of the world. No wonder aliens left us alone
Your argument works right up to the point where politics are injected into the equation.  When the CDC revises their guidelines for schools (which is hugely impactful because schools across the country follow every word) to please a teachers union, you're argument fails.  When the White House mandates vaccines for all employees except for USPS, it fails.  When the White House excludes those crossing the border, it fails.  When science gets set aside because it doesn't match someone's agenda, it fails.  Remember exposed emails from last year that revealed what the experts were telling Fauci back in April and May, but he chose to disregard them?  It fails.
Always a possibility
I would say 16, or 4x4, feels natural
Worst advice here so far
A paracetemol.
Probably avoid talking to them
Call Me Maybe.
That's you're most conservative opinion?
That’s not a good bargain, that’s just a low price.   A good bargain, for example, is $10,000 earrings for $2500.
Honey going to streets to fight people and riot  is the sign of being leaderless. Are you saying different antifa groups aren't in communication with each other?
INPT-A/INTP-T
Not as bad as some monster on here but Lavrentiy Beria. He organized the Katyn massacre, Beria administered the vast expansion of the Gulag labour camps, he was the leader of NKVD and lead it during the Great Purge, he had commited numerous rapes during the years as NKVD chief, even Stalin told his daughter to leave Berias house when Stalin learned she was there alone with Beria, Alexander Poskrebyshev pulled his daughter aside and told her to refuse a lift from Beria after Beria complimented her beuty, a woman had sex with Beria in exchange of him releasing her family knowing they were executed months earlier, he even caught Syphilis during WW2, Beria might also have murdered some of the girls he raped, Beria spent night abducting Teenagers from the street and raped, those who resisted were strangled and burried in his wifes rose garden, Vladimir Zharov said a tourture chaimber existed in the basement of Beria's Moscow home, he also was tasked with the Population transfer in the Soviet Union, which I see as a genocide.
Having to get a do it yourself abortion using a hanger cause of Republicans.
fancy, we had no TVs in our classrooms, just those classic TVs on carts that could be rolled in (but no signal on them obviously)
Heroin
Libya and Iraq
When I was in college, I used [VERONICA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veronica_(search_engine\)) - "Very Easy Rodent-Oriented Net-wide Index to Computer Archives"  Also, [Gopher](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gopher_(protocol\)), [Archie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archie_(search_engine\)), and [Jughead](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jughead_(search_engine\)).
[Hiroshima/Nagasaki](https://medium-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/medium.com/amp/p/877f0a7c664?amp_gsa=1&amp_js_v=a6&usqp=mq331AQKKAFQArABIIACAw%3D%3D#amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&aoh=16313854550720&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fmedium.com%2Fdose%2Fthe-asian-holocaust-killed-twice-as-many-people-as-the-nazis-did-877f0a7c664  US combat casualties for the war in the Pacific were 111,606 killed or missing, and 253,142 wounded.   Not sure what you're referring to in regard to the U.S. involvement to Cambodia during the Vietnam war.  [CAMBODIA](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_Fields)  Estimates of the total deaths resulting from Khmer Rouge policies, including death from disease and starvation, range from 1.7 to 2.5 million out of a 1975 population of roughly 8 million.  When you encounter a poisonous snake, you either avoid it or you kill it.
Going to make soup.  Nothing fancy, beans, orzo, spinach, carrots, garlic and onions in broth.
The story behind that song is actually quite sad but to each his own
Support them.... 5.99 at a time
Skiing, as soon as possible. I've already missed 1.5 seasons and I just got new skis before this whole thing.
They were part of a very dangerous gang in Japan.
With my mouth and if you even look cross eyed at my sandwich I will end you.
Toy Story "To infinity and beyond"...
People who don't use the indicators. It is the simplest thing and can save lives. USE YOUR FUCKING INDICATOR
Crunchyroll and 3 holes
Serious question. My kids live in Kauai. My DIL is Hawaiian.  So I got to see their lifestyle during lockdown with no tourists. I know it's a common opinion of Hawaiians, but do you think you'd be better off with no tourism?
I LOVE POLYNESIAN SAUCE!!!
You can't deny the truth
Daltonism.
because you don't have Umlaute?
Lawn gnome
Agreed!
A truly undervalued position.
Yeah. I was asking if there was some stated intent behind the animal growling thing.
r/HolUp
In my room fapping to German vintage porn.
About to have some pizza and bong rips :):)
Biscuit - iron blooded orphans
Honestly? I want to encourage strangers with similar interests to initiate conversation with me.
All the CSI's, Law and Orders, and Chicago emergency drama of the weeks.
Exact. There's a reason it's worded how it is instead of "what's your most liberal view?"
My brother
I haven't researched this enough but prison labor should prioritize projects for the benefit of the community, such as litter cleanup or recycle waste processing. Not making products to be sold
I consider myself very progressive/liberal/accepting, and I've been trying really hard to change this one but I just can't get comfortable with it: polyamory and open relationships.  I understand that if other people want to engage in *ethical* non-monogamy and everyone involved is fully informed and fully consenting, I have absolutely no reason to even form an opinion on others' relationships, but it just makes me so uncomfortable, and actually kind of sad.  I guess I just always grew up with the idea that relationships should be between two consenting adults and that the exclusivity of it creates the strength and security of the bond.  Openly, I never voice this opinion beyond saying that it's definitely not my cup of tea.  But it still bothers me even hearing about it.  To anyone poly/open/along those lines, I respect your decisions.  I just can't say that I feel comfortable hearing/reading about non-monogamy.
Parking violations don’t take points off your license.
Abortion
Hi, your post has been removed as the tag used is not a valid AskReddit tag.  The only tags allowed in AskReddit are [serious] and [nsfw].  You will need to repost without the tag.  Thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wtf
I'm glad you learned from that.
This right here. No one seems to realize how powerful a well produced track can sound. Some of the biggest artist have terrible producers. I fallow no name people that would blow minds but you’ll never see it make it to the radio. The general population likes crap music.
Driving drunk can kill others. Doing porn won’t. Imagine you couldn’t do a job you wanted because your parents had said so. It makes no sense
Millions of people dying of starvation doesnt strike me as empathy.
Yes, but Thor had been fighting others for centuries. To him, it would be like a soldier seeing an army he already knew existed.
Relationships if it all comes easy it aint real.
The richest people I know all wear Apple watches if they wear one at all.
Thanks. I most definitely will.
Sounds like BS.  TSA officers are not armed.  Police are also stationed at airports for this reason.  If this did happen then was the Cops not TSA
Middle aged grumpy/miserable bastard, which is spot on.
> [Pikachurin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pikachurin)  *The name of this "nimble" protein was inspired by Pikachu's "lightning-fast moves and shocking electric effects".*
It never gets easier, you just get better
Also lots of variety and all delicious.
In my neighborhood theres a laundromat where a golden retriever would lay down on the machines all night and greet customers that would come in. Just a few days ago, a man came in and tried to light the dog on fire and beat up their owner. Fuck that guy
I didn’t need convincing. I wanted to be able to go to school safely, protect my health, and not risk spreading a dangerous disease to the people around me.
Uhhhhhhh
I hate having a post work shit.  If I've been on the clock for 8 hours, I don't want to then waste my own time sitting on the throne.
I would ask the hospital for the strongest painkillers they have as my dying wish
Fictional character race switching.
All I can say is I wish people do not choose to be like you 😂
like secretion build up? how long would you have to not wash for build up? Also makes me queasy lol
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah but today, everyone liked it so I’ll take my karma and be on my way
I took out a tray at the security where you had to put your bags and then some couple stole my tray the second i was about to put my bag on it.
StarCraft. All the races are fleshed out with lots of backstories and heroes.
RIP
Cause he’s big and strong
Based
Well… what does conservative mean in this context? Seems like a lot of the answers are anti-PC stuff, or cultural things of that nature, and not actually politically conservative points of view like less spending, etc…  But on that topic: the insistence that a man can become a woman by sheer will of the mind is absolute nonsense and would be laughable if it wasn’t becoming so insidious. Also interesting that it comes from the same people who say #trustscience.
Not celebrating ,remembering
The cashier
“Excuse me, I go by ghre/ghremself.”  “And we’re cancelling our contract with your company, get out.”
I am all for gun ownership…for the eventual breakdown of current society during the imminent climate apocalypse.
Thats not what I find interesting. I am amazed by the fact that these tribesmen were able to crush so many settled empires.
area 51 (51)  sin city (SC)  i like nevada
The International Man of Mystery.
Having a father who was raised in the catholic church and a mother who is a Jehovah Witness.
The person who scoots their cart right next to the cart corral but can't be bothered to actually put it in there.
Totally agree. Did marketing get lazy or did they let the wrong person go?
I take a controlled substance and it is do damn annoying trying to pick up a prescription. It's this really small window.  What's worse is if it's a benzo. You can't just go without them. It's extremely dangerous.
First time anal sex
Homeowners insurance is mandatory. Without which we do not get home. Anything else you can think of.? Like gutter system, garage epoxy.
OP- I mean speak
No, I mean, how do you treat them? What treatments do you use?
But I hope it gets much better 😊👍
There is a LOT to unpack here…. I don’t even know where to start!
poor people also trade money for time, as sometimes they're too busy trying to earn money. you know, when you have 2 jobs, get out at 10pm  and order food on the way home because you don't feel like cooking.  rich people usually trade their time for money too. most of them could retire earlier, but they choose to keep working to earn even more money.  also, healthy lifestyles can be seen as buying time, in form of a longer life. on the same idea, stressful lifestyles means trading some lifetime for money.
Each human being on the planet should be included equally in a globally standard process of money creation.
*Badum-Tss*
Racism lives in all races not just white. It may exist but what people have a hard time understanding is the hardships that where previously no longer exist.
Back in time
My pets ♥
To me it was something i always had with me since the day i learned how to read. It wasn't in the form of writing then though, more of an unsatiable will to read. I tried writing my first fantasy stories when i was 11. They generally ended with me cringing out of my ass the following day so i always ended up ripping the pages from my notebooks. It was until i turned 16-17 when i sent my stories to professional authours after an atelier. You can guess my excitement when my story got accepted in the top four out of 150 stories. The literature teachers at my highschool were incredible people, it really is all thanks to them that i could rebuilt my courage to get my pen in my hand again. I've been writing in an amateur magazine weekly for a year now, and i am graduating highschool as a four year member of the student literary award comitee. One of my articles got published in a professional internet journal and my stories even got published after being awarded in  literary events.  Long thing short, even if it's a gift, writing is a blade you should always be sharpening through time. None would be able to put up a decent text together by sheer talent. Not only that, but seminars can only help to a certain degree, the only way to write is to read isn't it?
Thx
I guess that I'm stuck in one there lmao
"Evil" is a false term created to give direction for morals for humans.  Other animals don't see good or evil, or it's implications.  Dogs for instance don't think humans are evil, even after being beaten, starved, and neglected. Those kinds of characteristics are prevalent in what we would call evil, though.  Morally speaking, mentally handicapped people are incapable of being evil due to genetic defections or medical injuries.  Thusly the terms good and evil cannot truly exist. Evil is your own creation and arguably whatever "pure evil" constitutes as is based on your own morality rather than any sort of scale.  However, given how humans typically are, I would surmise that any individual in a position of power who willingly damages or destroys, maimes, or deprives creatures of life constitutes as pure evil.   My number 1 choice of "pure evil" would have to go to the numerous people who know that the rapid expansion of human civilization as well as the oil industries.  These people KNOW they are making the world harder to live in and they simply don't care. They care more about their precious "money" than the lives of their children or the lives of any living creature.   These people know how global warming is being directly affected by their industry, but they would protect that industry with the ferocity of a caged and wounded animal. They have continually lobbied so they can maintain the course of history.  __THESE PEOPLE WOULD RATHER SEE THE WORLD BECOME A DESOLATE PLANET THAN LIFT A FINGER TO TRY AND SAVE IT__  And that's my two cents.
Loud, drunk, and inappropriately flirty (so ive been told)
Any drugs. Just never appealed to me, I don't really enjoy getting drunk either.
I guess you mean besides obvious things, like racism. So maybe creating a non-existing problem like saying that Canadians speak better French than French people. Weird example ik
uhh, hand stuff to your partner, keep it hush to jot offend anyone else
two purely descriptive terms! only among your demographic with a pathological need to be offended could that be construed as insulting.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The what? Lol
Woaaaaah i didn't knew!! Thanks for the info.
Once I paid 15 bucks a month to join a several million strong cult where we pretended to be elves and orcs and joined together in groups of 40 to kill dragons all from the comfort of our computer chairs.  Sometimes elves danced on mailboxes.  Sometimes someone’s pet brought a disease from the troll dungeon and wiped out whole cities.  Some people are still trapped. Still recovering
I remember visiting my Oncologist and I got low blood pressure and felt like I was gonna pass out, they called the ambulance and the paramedics show up, there I am debating and even telling them that I'm afraid of the cost of riding in the ambulance, lol.
Pearl Harbor.
I am superior as are my views.
Dyson sphere Wishful thinking
If they knew of them and that you were a part of a terrorist group but did nothing to stop them or warn anyone then yes
It depends on what they're being treated for and why they didn't get it.
its litterly a skeleton with an oversized hoodie, how is it a she and not an it
That's the joke.
How is *your* day going, OP?
the crapper
Business is hard. It takes all your time and effort.  It leaves little room for the other important things in life.  After a while, money gets tight. It is hard to function.  You get tired. It gets aggravating.   The hardest thing to deal with is employees. Many have big egos and think they can do things better.  Without having any skin in the game.  Hard to find good employees.  And then there is owner ego.  My definition of an Entrepreneur is an owner who hasn't failed yet.  Most will, at least once.
It doesn't hurt the middle class much.  Federal estate tax is only on amounts over $11.7 million.  A few states have estate/inheritance taxes, but the lowest exemption amount is $1 million (MA and OR) so only estate/inheritance amounts over 1 million are taxed.  It's framed as something that hurts the middle class because the people who stand to lose the most to it benefit from voters who are opposed to it.
Found the guy who’s never talked to a woman
They(99.9%) all think their gods and say they are doing something good for all the people of their country, but behind the scenes they only do things for themselves and the people that paid them to help them
Yeah i know what you mean, it can feel like some people doit fashionably. On the other hand, I wonder how many people keep it under wraps (hide it, essentially) compared to how many exaggerate. If it’s a similar number, perhaps it works out ok? Just spitballing here, I have no idea of the numbers
It's sort of a logo for my band I started now... 11ish+ years ago with still 3 original members and our new drummer.  Kind of as a milestone for the 10 years and to celebrate the fact that we now are a band with a full album under our belt. The remixed & physical version will soon be truly released (long story), and I am now so goddamn proud of how I managed to make it sound :)  Am starting the plans of my second tattoo which, compared to this one, is fucking huge and complex holy shit lol
WAP is a great song, wtf are you taking about? Catching, great beat, hilarious lyrics… what lore can you ask for?
9/11
Not what I was referencing, but yes I do. Unfortunately I'm a man.
Zombie Nation.
Reddit
rice, beans, broccoli, tomato sauce.
Im proud of you.
Cutlery tray
Language then how will you spend HUH?
Oh, I thought it wasn't something alarming ?
"'Sup bitch, wanna bang"? Yeah I might be that easy, it's been a couple of years.
Thanks. I appreciate that.
Let the Austrian painter go to the art school
I did that on purpose one time at work and CC'd a buddy of mine so he'd get sucked into it too
Glasses
I bet. Never had more than a edge getting irritated,
Why Tom Hooper should not be allowed within 60 feet of another musical
In Australia you need to use a 1 or 2 dollar coil most most of them
My wedding was done for like $1500. Don't regret it was all. ETA: Still married 13 years later.
If you wouldn't fight for your country what country would you fight for and why aren't you living there right now?
Tell me about it I grew up in one of the poorest parts of my city and fuck my school had nothing. We were luck to have computers because we didn’t even have a basketball to play with outside we had to steal one from the rec centre💀
This
You’d think you’d shower before a possible shagging event.
Intolerance
"Doesn't matter because in future you are gonna do cleaning and cooking anyways"   My grandma said it to me when I was in 11th grade and that day I got my result and I was able to score only 85%  I hate her now
That's awesome!  Honestly from what I've heard about Rickman he might've been fine and even helpful if he fucked up a bit but still learning everyone's lines to a script is impressive.
Yeah, with the stones, I was actually delirious and don't remember half the worst episode. With my neck, I could remain motionless and it wasn't as painful as you'd think - only when I moved the pain was unbearable.
>I think you might reconsider if it actually didn't exist, and saw how worse that might look.  Not at all. I've used internet forums for decades at this point, long before all of this social media like/dislike and up/down vote nonsense. Forums are far superior.
Computer science (Linux, FOSS, hardware) Philosophy (morality, existentialism) Political Science (Leftist theory, government structure) Economics Fantasy books 3d printing Guns
Computer programming. Playing poker. Graphic design.
So be it 😎
Carface - Story of guy who gets hit in face by a car
I'm pretty sure that would violate HIPAA laws.
Cabbage rolls
We don't regret our small wedding. My husband and I got married 7 years ago this October.  We decided to do a small wedding instead of the big one we were originally planning (stopped planning at 150 people). I was having anxiety about that many people. And my husband just wanted to get married just the 2 of us at the courthouse. So we comprised.  We got married at the courthouse just the 2 of us. And then we had a small wedding in my husband's dad and stepmom's backyard which was covered in fall colors. We had 30 people including us. My brother was the officiant, my husband's sister and her boyfriend sang, my husband's step niece was the flower girl, and my husband's dad and stepmom's dog was our ring dog. For food we had a potluck with BBQ and our cake was 3 Cheesecake Factory Cheesecakes. And then the day ended with a bonfire.  The day was perfect. We wouldn't have changed it.
Big weddings are costly and stupid.
This is always commented
New Jersey
Corporate lawyer who owns a corp. which owns llc that owns my real estate portfolio. You can do this very easily. You need to fill out the paperwork and establish the llc, and then get a bank account to establish some assets. Basically you can transfer title over to your llc but will likely have to cosign the mortgage personally. 1. This will only protect you from being sued by renters or something like that. 2 you wont get a mortgage tax deduction offered to individuals. You want to do this with other assets like a rental property for these reasons. Basically by doing this I pay a corporate income tax rate on rents which would be about 1/4 off the personal income tax rate if I owned this myself.   TLDNR: Probably not the best for your residence. A must if it is an income generating rent for a liability shield and an income tax shelter.
The United States of America
With electricity ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I left a wine opener/pocket knife in my backpack about a year ago. It's got a corkscrew, and a couple little knives, and a mini-saw on it. I've been on a total of 6 flights since then and only realized it was in there because last week on my flight back home a TSA agent finally noticed it. Obviously I wouldn't be able to take over an airplane with a little pocket knife or whatever, but it just shows how horribly inconsistent they are.
Pivot man in a circle jerk.
That (in the UK especially) dietary advice is heavily influenced by corporations who have paid for certain studies and pedalled marketing slogans as common sense. So less about actual science and facts.  Fortunately this is not my mindset regarding vaccines.
Bruh. Overrated? Overrated compared to what? I love all of those although society can indeed talk bit too much about it
I ripped a vicious one while trying to think of  a name.
Sounds like that brojob choo-choo story
Wait, this is how you remind me?
What gets me about this particular argument totally invalidates how traumatic abortion is for women. In some very, VERY extreme cases you have women totally desensitized to the idea where using abortion as “birth control” might be a thing, but the vast majority are both physically and mentally traumatizing
They were probably recently banned for participating in antivaxx conspiracies.
What about your child or something?
My sister
Wanna wanna Fanta! Do you wanna Fanta! Wanna Fanta Fanta!  Fuck!
On the plane
It’s depends on the cyber crime too. There’s a reason why we are seeing a shift from conventional warfare to cyber warfare. You can actually do a fair amount of damage through cyber means without incurring the risk of collateral damage you see with sending in troops or dropping bombs.
Flight, great movie.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
>  I've never met an idiot rich person.   I have, but they didn't make the money themselves.  They were second or third generation from the guy who made the big bucks.
Cus i do not have a creative mind
Nawh lol there will be a day when you feel and look great, there will be!
4Chan
Pride and Prejudice
Friday
Put a sock on it
now that i think about it, someone could have died right now that might've become a modern day hitler and we'd never know it
I don't want to die or have permanent lung damage or any of the other horrible long-covid issues.  I believe in science and listen to medical experts.  I have a Facebook friend who is a genuine PhD bearing expert in a relevant medical field and whose husband works for Pfiezer.  She and the news reports helped reassure me that this was being fast-tracked due to sh\*t loads of cash and resources being thrown at it rather than due to any corners being cut.  If anything it got MORE research done on it because of all the countries pouring money into it.  I got the vaccine as soon as I possibly could, and I will immunise my special needs son as soon as he either becomes old enough to qualify under the current UK vaccine rules or they lower the age range to include his age group.  I want him vaccinated not just for his own safety, but for the safety of the carers and school staff who work with him, his fellow pupils (some of whom are medically vulnerable), and the other vulnerable folk that the carers come into contact with.  Covid-19 can kill.  I don't want anyone in our family to be responsible for passing on something that causes someone to die.  Vaccination makes it less likely we'll get it and makes the resulting viral load lower if we do, making us less infectious.  I just want to do my bit to help stop the spread of this awful thing.
🤣🤣 some of the weirdest things are the nicest
Fried egg   Chicken curry
What if that's what the redacted Saudi info is about? Maybe they did know and did warn us, and we didn't act on it
Tattoos.
Magic
Something drug related for most of em.  Something work related for some others.
Tldr: Does aliens have carpets?  Everyone is curious whether aliens exists. But more important question is whether they have similar lives, does they have furniture. Abd above all does they have carpets?   Also 14 is my number.
Cuz obamacare made healthcare unaffordable
Si. Good luck with it if that's the game you're hunting for.
Low calories, great flavour!  P.s. British... we're very good at drinking alcohol.
Fucking aggressive anti masker
Still takes up a hospital bed and contributes way more than covid to “overwhelming” the healthcare system.
That even people in other countries remember where they were when they found out.
He could have someone do it for him.
Homo sapiens.
I'm going to add The Goddamn Gallows.
He watched all YIAY episodes
This depends on what you mean by non-Communist.  Most people aren't members of the Communist party and it's becoming more of a challenge to enter.  Showing signs of moral excellence and competence are required.  In terms of sub-culture, you have a large tattoo culture, indie rock culture, an enormous folk and folk rock culture where people dress in a hippyish/hipster way.  There are numberless sub-cultures in China, the folk culture is maybe the biggest and most visible.  Look it up if you're interested.
"Using airstrikes to assassinate their royal family" 😭😭😭 what is wrong with you
All of them
Progressive.  Their comercials used to be good/actually funny/entertaining. Now? They either bore me to death at best, or straight up piss me off
why tha fuck did i read this thread 😭
I doubt people who were old enough to know what's going on will forget ever. Their kids less so and their grandkids even less. I'd say after 3 generations
Why's that?
Warhammer40k
I have a friend who is ex military (paratrooper) and was super jacked before she transitioned.  Now she struggles to open pickle jars even though she still works out.
ENTP, did several tests at different sites. All were the same and I also really identify with it.
Right there.  Watches are the key to knowing how rich someone is.  They might be wearing Levi's from Walmart and a plain t-shirt, but they have a 300 thousand dollar watch on their wrist.
I don’t think you understand. You can literally right now sign a form saying “in the event of an injury I refuse all treatment”.
At least one grown person in pajamas.
Oh yeah I did use CBD with CBN and that helped a lot with sleep.    I try the natural wholesome approach but it still doesn’t work.
I am left of center, hang out with all left of center people, am in politics, and don’t know a single person that is for uncontrolled immigration. It just isn’t a position that is articulated in the public sphere. What politician do you know calls for uncontrolled immigration?
I call it the “before times” too.
There's the opposite issue lately. They are under-prescribing pain medication. Because they're worried that they'll get in trouble.  You can be in extreme legitimate pain, and they'll give you a sweet ibuprofen rx. So kind.
Yeah, I guess... Some people do lie a lot without meaning any harm. In my opinion that does clutter up social interactions, though. That's not evil enough to deserve death, of course, but it certainly is very annoying. People should just say what they mean, or not say anything at all.
Puppies
IIRC fuel reprocessing is regulated to the point of infeasibility due to the risks of producing a fuck-ton of weapons grade plutonium.
So you mean United States not America
Been in a serious relationship
I See
You are already willing to use more than me. Guess that's my most conservative standpoint then, people can he / she or it from me. 3 take it or leave it.
Just made my mouth water you son of ahhh...
You and your wife are clearly horrible people lmao.   Fuck CPS, clearly if scum like you are allowed to work it then it's fucking hopeless.
Poop
uoy
want to make it inherently clear that just because you were raped/abused/did sex work YOU ARE NOT A LESSER PERSON.   sex trade is inherently misogynistic and abusive. Sure, top .01% of OF people can do it for fun, but for most people they have higher murder rates and harder time getting back on their feet. Hearing all the stories from ex porn stars broke me a little. Anti sex work, pro sex worker.
Being raped at 7, mom killed herself at 15 and at 22 diagnosed with bone cancer.
It depends on who it is.  If it was my dad I'd gouge my eyes 👀 out. If it was my sister I'd cut my dick off.  If it was my mom...hmm.
a reclusive meth head
ducks
Old spice soap and Gillette deodorant
I am the exact same dude
In Virginia
Technology
Life aparelenty
macaroons
How?
Might be a little late, and I hope the person that I had this experience with doesn’t have Reddit. But…  I was, probably, 15 at the time. I was at my Dad’s house for a summer. My stepmom had these friends who were gay, let’s call them “A” and “B”. Well, A was like this super laid back guy. Was into all kinds of music, which is how we became super good friends. We’d talk Marilyn Manson, Alice Cooper, NIN, all types of music. B was this dry, sarcastic, “bitchy” type of gay man(I really don’t want to offend anyone) B’s nickname was “queenie”. So anyway, A and B are over, we’re all in the pool at my Dad’s, and it’s getting close to dinner. We were all going to eat, then just hang out at this little outdoor fest that was going on.  My Dad is like, “Hey, go change, come down to eat, and we’ll go.” Sweet. I’m headed upstairs, and B is following me up. He had to change, too…and the other bathrooms were in use. I walk into my room, and B is like, “Just give me your shorts and you can change.” I kind of froze. Like, he was almost blocking the doorway, hand out, like he expect me to drop trow and give him my trunks. I’m doing some quick thinking…all the while, B is just standing there, tapping his toes, hand out, looking at me with this serious face. I sunk back a bit. All I could think of was, “If B touches me/makes a move, I will punch this dude dead in his face!”  I blinked, and realized, the bathroom is right behind him, and the door is open. Found my out! I let B know, “Yo, I’ll step into the bathroom, change in there, and leave my trunks on the floor.” I grabbed my clothes, and bee lined it past him.  For the rest of the night, B had this pissed off vibe whenever I would speak. Like, he was trying to get something, didn’t get it, and now…had to let me know he “hated” me.  I’m now in my late 30’s, and…anytime my stepmom mentions that A and B are coming over, I automatically have plans for that day so, I can’t make it.
Driving drunk would also be her choice, and it would be a very bad choice.
I find guys w glasses like 100x MORE attractive
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah but the comments you are agreeing with are right wing lol
My life
Into the Night on netflix. I think I'm OK, because they mostly seem like muppets to me. Although they DO have an airplane.
mostly fantasie i actually got kinda into writing bcs my teacher last year for dutch( my mother language ) kept saying i was a good writer and i had a unique style of writing but i make lots of spelling mistakes and i forget to end my periods and stuff so yeah that's it
Twilight trilogy and it’s fandom. That’s it, that’s all it took
Not bad... but not quite, but VERY close.
More than 100 men???  How did they know 100 men who were illing to rape and torture? Not one of them had morals?   That’s terrifying.
Saw a female character from a Terraria Mod (Calamity Mod), that's when I realized that I was half-gay. (btw I am female)
Excessive swearing.
About 122
Liberty Liberty liberty  #LIBERTY LIBERTY
We have been trained to think that empathy means weakness, and we’re all in competition with each other. Our version of patriotism is every man for himself, and helping someone else equals hurting yourself. It’s how we keep the inequality going.
Mine is that Applebee's commercial that has been playing lately. That song and dance drives me up the wall. Seriously considering giving up on cable TV because it is everywhere!!
Big carts of online orders and merchandise carts and riding carts all on the same aisle that you need something from.
Shit
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The NHS doesn't cover dental payments. It's subsidised though.  I know you didn't specify UK though, obviously.
Pineapples tomatoes and chocolate
The PATRIOT Act wouldn't have been passed, and this country wouldn't be nearly as Islamophobic as it is today. Not to mention we wouldn't have spent the past *two decades* in Afghanistan.
Testing lab here. To many times people won't read the requirements of the standards thoroughly enough (and some BS ENs are badly written). Locked calculation spreadsheets so you can only in put the required data and the results will only be displayed once all required data has been in putted.
INFP, although some times that I've taken the test recently it's come out INFJ
78th floor of tower number 2
how bad porn is
My main takeaway is that Jarvis murdered someone to have cock and balls.
It's becoming more and more like Tumblr. I'm guessing it's because Tumblr users have unfortunately migrated to different platforms.
Home then school then home again
Manners are important. It doesn’t matter what race, class, or gender you are—good manners matter and make those you interact with feel like they’re being respected.
"What's New Pussycat?"  It's literally... Just one lyric repeated over and over again.
They should be utilized for National defense only.
Relax or just ignore the pain unless it's very serious
The killing fields
Telling people not to get vaccinated during a deadly pandemic.  #GET FULLY VACCINATED
The Wire. Fuckin' McNulty is my hero.
Coffee in the morning. I can't handle the smell and the taste so early. I have a bottle of water in the morning. I will have my first cup of coffee by 11AM-2PM and another maybe at 4PM and thats it. I don't understand how people can drink 3 cups of coffee by 9AM
1. That the default attitude toward others is respect.  1.a. Conversely, *initial* respect is not predicated on the need to earn it.
Mad. Is there that few 'supermarkets' in the US? Do they not have Ocado?   It's fully online and delivers all over England. I use to drive 2 hours to make some deliveries.
Right, kids need to stay kids, and it’s okay if you have certain interests like makeup but you also need to understand that as a thirteen year old, you shouldn’t be wearing tank tops, fishnets, ect.
Stop expecting dad to wake up and apologize for all the bad stuff he did.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pm0hvs/what_is_an_example_of_pure_evil/hcgs736/
Well.... Do such people resonate with the far left who are obese and have unicorn rainbow hair, feminist tattoos where the eye brows should be, and more pronouns than brain cells..... ?
Either der, die, or das.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bastion and Transistor, both by the Supergiant. They're bringing out a new game soon and I'm anxiously waiting for more awesome storytelling.
Bring back the Fairness Doctrine
I guess I should explain that it was a completely random assortment of stuff. She definitely wasn't shopping for kids/family. She was buying clothes, stuff from the garden center, office supplies, one or two pieces of that overpriced patio furniture that you always ask: "why would you buy this from a Long's?" Probably some food and paper products. Honestly, it seemed like a few things from every aisle.  Also, Long's is weird. It's got way more everyday type items than your average CVS or Duane Reade type drug store. But it's also much smaller than a Walmart or Target. So you generally wouldn't go there for back to school clothes shopping (but other school supplies, yes).
She didn't really took care of me. I just didn't live my life. And refused to go to parties with her etc.  Yeah iam getting help.
9/11
Very good
Bees
You don’t deserve anything. You’re entitled and evil
Nah, I bet there are scientists who are willing to research on human subjects who would’ve done a better job.  The problem is that the proper methods aren’t as fun as saying “we should see what happens if we sew his arm onto his leg hole teehee.”
Doesn't Japan have a huge suicide rate?
The Simpson verdict.
I have cystic acne. My very first recommendation would be to consult your doctor, they could provide antibiotics, cremes and in severe cases accutane. When it comes to The Ordinary I highly recommend Niacinamide, which works wonders to even out the skin, reduce scarring and redness. It also gets rid of impurities. In the beginning you might experience a ”purge”, it looks worse before it looks better. It has been like a god-sent for me. I use it both day- and night time. I use The Ordinary’s Rose seed oil at night as it calms the skin and gives it moisture. Both of these are recommended for acne-prone skin on their website. There are more products you could try, check out their site. They also have a guide for product conflicts, so if you do make a purchase - make sure they dont cancel each other out.
A better end would be the classic zombie finish- with a flourish of hope dashed away right at the end.
[Oliver Cromwell ](https://www.historyireland.com/cromwell/how-many-died-during-cromwells-campaign/)
SOLO TENÍA DOCE AÑOS Y UNA VIDA POR VIVIIIIIIIIIIIR♫
Why didn't you?
Your low score on the WAIS might be due to a lack of effort and/or difficulty concentrating at the time.  I.Q. tests help educators and career counsellors know what you are capable of.  For example, below a certain point they will not recommend college etc. as you will fail in your first year.  Speaking as a Canadian I've never seen any organized effort to keep non-white people from thriving.  A common comment referring to immigrants for example is, "You wait, their kids will be your doctor/nurse/lawyer in one generation."   The quality of your comment indicates at least average I.Q.
If you know it’s a song then you’re not out of the loop. It could have been a poem, a movie quote, anything. The fact you already know it’s a song means you’re definitely in the loop.
Anton Yelchin
The “I’m in a rush so I can’t take the time to push the cart 10 feet away to the cart corral” person.
Those cliches about taking more chances are true.    Every significant step I've taken life/career wise had an accompanying significant risk.
Oh you guys are doing a fine job of that yourselves.
Except there were battles over the Los Angeles aqueduct. I think Mulholland was allegedly rumored to be involved in one of those battles. Oh, and I forgot about the entire history of the city of Vernon. It was founded by an excentric billionaire who wanted the city to be entirely industrial.
Bullshit.  It's well-known in SA that her mum covered for her.
okay, so he pretty much said that, when he thinks of finance people, he thinks of like, jerks on wall street, people who make tons of money off of other people's investments tanking.
The builing markets were empty you couldn't even buy cement
Sounds like she deserved it
My new class is full of wierd names Sam spelled with an x (xam) A name that's not pronounced like its written at all And many examples of just the weirdest names  But the Wierdest in my opinion (or my most hated)  is jim with a dutch pronunciation I really really really hate that name (sorry for everyone named that you're probably a great person)
In Europe, we'd rather be honest to one another than fake. I don't dislike you or disrespect you or anything, I just don't care enough about you and your life to ask you about your day. We can still be friendly to one another, but if we have nothing of value to say to one another, silence is OK. No need to constantly seek for validation just for the sake of it. You let me get on with my shit, I let you get on with your shit, everybody wins.
I remember watching the webisodes on YouTube. I also watched this episode on TV where the friends entered in a talent show and everyone else got eliminated except for the natural performer of the group, Andrea, who had to go up against this mean girl named Tonya in the finals.
I have a big balcony so I thought it would be cool to start harvesting my own fruit and vegetables there.  Long story short - I spent a lot of money on gardening supplies and stuff, some time too, but the plants were rather mediocre (I mean, they tasted okay but they were rather small).
Okkervil river the band.
MJ himself admitted to sleeping in the same bed as children. Macaulay Culkin, who has maintained MJ's innocence, acknowledged the sketchy alarm system existed.
Except they don't perform like a vaccine I don't think your getting that it's just a blocker. That has a limited amount of time and may be creating more deadly variants. I'm really really worried of this turning into did you take the this covid 19 vaccine between 2020 and 2021 you may be entitled to compensation. Like protonix, vioxx, azt and many more drugs. Why are we trusting companies who just got caught being involved in the opioid epidemic?
200 a Day is enough to retire and it had less risk of mismanaging it. 200 a Day is 6k a month which is a lot
Women only come onto you when you are happily in a relationship
Why has nobody said a pen factory? Just chuck it in with all the others and let it be shipped out, good luck trying to find it among millions of identical pens detective
Sometimes public toilets don't have enough power to actually clean with one flush. Most people won't stay to watch. Other than that, probably just daydreaming or otherwise distracted.
Yea. People in their 20s is there. They just flair as "old"
A stationery shop
Animals speak Spanish. You wear a hat?
I now know way to much about the HK-416
A cop
Someone's butthole
Metro Exodus
Tiffany is a cop.
Bite my shiney metal ass
Just climb a tree and put it up there. He doesn’t even know if it’s in the house, let alone which tree in the forest it’s in
Hydro codone…uh oh
Bruce Jenner
Just stfu, ur so fucking stupid. I want everyone to notice how this person has engaged in name calling and has not once provided an example for their point.    I’m not sorry I didn’t feed into whatever history changing shit you were trying. Stop embarrassing urself, and get help.
Completely depends on which part of the state. Rural nowhere up north? Yeah, probably cheap. Swanky suburb of Madison? Very expensive.
Crying about 9/11 every September 11 like at first it was sad but know it’s because other influencers are doing it so if I don’t do it I’ll look bad
Mountain Dew, it's what's for breakfast!  Even has orange juice in it.
wow only \*checks notes\* 63360 inches in a miles.. its so simple /s
And the nearly violent backlash you get when you suggest that the metric system might be a better idea.  Someone wanted to fist fight me over that one before.
Anywhere from $30 to $300
I was fake sleeping once in class and my friend starts debating about sports. I love any type of debate. His opponent says something dumb and I wanted to just yell that he was wrong but I didn’t. I still remember it
I ate at a restaurant in Anaheim, in Orange County, back in like 2013 or so. I had the single best steak of my entire life. They called it a Carolina Cut. Do you know what that is?
Dragon Age II
Back in 2018 I went and traveled to my family’s home country, El Salvador, humid, hot, and lots of jungle where I was staying, I go to visit my grandfather on his small ranch, me, and my mother. We waited by the entrance, there were plenty of mango trees around and I decided to go on my own and pick some. I walk about 20 feet from my mothers location, I spot a mango that had just fell in front of me, I stare at it on the floor walking towards it, the minute I pick it up, we don’t have proper showers in some areas, so we bathe in stone covers with a large bucket of water, quick context lol The moment I pick up the mango and look straight ahead, a woman bathing outside, no stone walls, no kind of cover, full bush, full grown adult and my 18 y/o mind was blown, I quickly fumbled as quietly as I could walking on leaves and twigs, I had to hide from my mom for a bit till my buddy down south settled down, was coo no one ever knew, though in my mind there’s no way the woman couldn’t hear me since I was stomping on twigs and leaves.
Clean out your belly button, I feel like most people in general overlook it.
Yeah, and that's bullshit.  The employers need to pay minimum wage.  Some people are cheap fucks when it comes to tipping.
Nobody got suplexed through a table?
I'm suing 😂😂😂
Wouldn't you like to share 😃
This is so odd to me. My main purpose for taking a shower is to get my ass clean.  Being American, I wonder if it's a European thing.  In my travels it seems like Asians and North Americans smell the best. Even the UK citizens seem rather lax and let hygiene go for a few days. I was on a bus once with some English and Scots. They where supposedly "posh'. It smelled like limburger cheese on a hot muffler, in a boys junior high locker room.
Wow. Real judgemental.  Tattoos are much more permanent than sounding is. And just like a tattoo, people who know what they're doing can sound safely.  It's commonly a sex act, and one that, if done correctly, has no negative consequences.  I'd hate to hear your opinion on any sex act that isn't missionary.
Yeah I'm British too, I have the English received pronunciation (upper-class/tory) accent and have been told by many Americans that my accent is sexy/hot and I've come to reddit to find out why people think this
I mean, is living to 101 the result of an “unhealthy lifestyle”? If so, I’m gonna start drinking more gin.
And the birth of billionaires directly buying the election.
steam boat go toottoot
It wouldnt be nearly as lucrative
Imma virgin since I can't find a date
I love Buffy but I’m not involved in any toxic groups - saying this so you know all fans aren’t toxic - if the apocalypse comes, beep me
I'll check it out
Morning glory is the definition.
Basically say I broke my foot they'd have to operate on it, imagine the look of horror once the socks are off lol. Maybe I was just a dumb kid that believed everything my dad said lol but its still stuck by me today ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
You don't really believe that. /s
Basically they said, its because rape is already illegal and theyre working to stop it, so theres no need for that exception to bs made.
It’s really only done in primary school
They do and they also consider them fake. Tudor Walkin Jones (Ninja), is from a prominent, wealthy white south African family. He claims to be "zef" which means, in our lingo, "from the hood" or "projects" which as most of us know in South Africa, make the worst parts of Detroit look like a kindergarten.   YoLandi is actually from the hood. He rolled up into the projects and took full advantage of everyone that would go along with what he wanted and because he had money, it wasn't hard for him to gain a following. She was absolutely taken advantage of and brainwashed by Ninja.   The proof Zehani has is indisputable. The videos of him with his young son doing drugs, harassing her and other deplorable things they get their kids involved with...absolutely disgusting. He should be held accountable for his crimes.
Any political sub. Yes even the ones that you agree with. Even the ones that say they love free speech. ***Especially*** the ones that say they love free speech.
i have unlimited copys of Flower Boy on CD
Pokemon resin keycaps. Fuck yeah!
We grew up poor and we eat at home most of the time. Going to a fast food restaurant (KFC in particular) was only reserved for special occasions like birthdays, mothers/fathers day, when we do well in our exams. We would even put on our better clothes just for the occasion. When my husband and I go to these places now, I think back on those days and it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
Boof it.
'Alright Alright Alright'
> I had told him beforehand he would need a tuner or the bike would have problems after the install.  (This is a legitimate question from someone who doesn't know engines ore bikes.)  What's a tuner and why would you need one for the exhaust? Why does changing the exhaust affect the operating characteristic of an engine? Isn't the exhaust simply there to vent the engine exhaust away from the engine?
Purple Spaghetti
I'm surprised that *most* of the presidents aren't even on this list. Lots of them were famous, lots of them committed war crimes.
You have no idea what kind of person Kurt Cobain was. Read his suicide letter. It’s scrawled on a Denny’s placemat.
Buck Bumble
A week before Christmas and that’s it
That homophobia is bad
In his skull. After planting the pen he will be unable to look for it
Jokes about my financial decisions.
They did though; the Americans have repeatedly amended their constitution with the last going into effect in 1992.  Since then, however, the parties have become too divided to agree on something as important as an amendment since the modern primary system has incentivised polarisation (the republicans went first but it would have hit one of them eventually).
Aighty
You only get one proudest fap. So I guess all but my proudest aren’t my proudest faps...
you know marijuana is medicine that treats concussions?
Taylor Swift
my room
Ahh shit no, I thought the post said Power Rangers
The play Mozart and Salieri (and later the film Amadeus) popularized the idea that Mozart's rival, Antonio Salieri, was a huge jerk who ultimately killed Mozart, but in reality there's no indication that Mozart was poisoned, or that Salieri had anything to do with his death. Also Salieri was a philanthropist and probably a lot more decent than theater/film made him out to be when they needed an antagonist for Mozart.
Mine is Frysian even, so doesnt help i live in Limburg lmao
The second she loses a war against Scotland or is forced to let them go
“Be excellent to each other.”  “Party on, dudes!”
Just gonna drop this Gus Johnson video here  https://youtu.be/MDqRcfo6V_8
Solid gold bars
This was like 10 years ago so uber wasn't that big yet. Also we were a private school that has private security guards instead of a police force. They won't tow a car, most they would do it boot it if there are too many tickets outstanding.
store opening hours. supermarkets here close at 7:30 at the latest. in a single household if you have to work full time it forces you to either shop in a very narrow window or not at all.
Thanks bro
Ignorant and arrogant
All Y'all is massive plural.  If you are referring to one group like a family, you use Y'all  If you are referring to multiple groups, like several families at the same time, you use All Y'all.
December 1st.
I imagine this deal happened in a police station. So as I left I would place it on the lip of the doorframe. This way I could show up after two weeks to tell them it's been with them all along.
More of a hope than a belief, and I'd like to come back as an oak tree.
Homophobia sadly
Is a dude beating the shit out of his wife until she's unconscious not a danger?
Drive to a different city, find an average stationary shop and put it with all the other pens
Their abortion laws make it the best state
Talk to their SO or someone who spends a lot of time with them for some ideas. Or go with something practical or useful, like an Amazon Prime membership, or hiring him/her a handyman for a day.
Spicy Kung Pao Chicken and rice bowl, life can’t get better then this.
Hello there, my long lost friend!
Bop it
I'm not sure why people fuss about the father's opinion. The baby isn't born yet, meaning it isn't exactly living. It has yet to form any bond or connection to the father, besides it being made out of his sperm. Who is doing the carrying of the child? Who is going through morning sickness? Who is getting the swollen feet? Who is going into labor? The mom. What does the dad do while the baby is being created? Best case, helping the mother while physically feeling the same. It reminds me of how some doctors don't let women get a hysterectomy without husband's permission or already having kids, while men can get the snip with near to no question. And I do feel bad for the men who want an abortion but the mother doesn't. I see a lot of people saying he just should have wore a condom, but those aren't 100% reliable. If the mother wants the baby, she wants the baby and she can be responsible for it. It's like buying a dog without telling anyone and throwing the responsibility on your parents/roommate/partner/whatever. Though totally different case if the mother lives in a place where abortion is illegal.
I think so, I can't be sure of it though
Not saying didn't do it, but the newspaper that published the report saying he admitted she said no (Der Spiegel was the newspaper) was very soon after proven to have fabricated the entire report. Ronaldo has always vehemently denied the accusations and has always maintained that it was consensual. People think he admitted it based on Der Spiegel's fabricated report, which shows how fast fake news travels.
The book Little Green Men. Aliens only abduct people that they know won't be believed, until a paperwork screwup leads them to kidnap someone with a trusting audience.
Indeed! My nephew is an adorable, handsome young man, and he's very intelligent, too!   https://onepunchman.fandom.com/wiki/Chapter_96 (The closest depiction of my nephew as an anime character)
I blow it up, burn it and if you say “you can't destroy it” well I'm not atoms can never be created nor destroyed the pen will still exist it just won't be in pen form
Nice skill
Being intelligent doesn't mean you're good at things you know. It just means you know a lot and can figure things out.   Someone could understand the benefits of accepting when they're wrong however they can still struggle with it.
Tre reason for this is because sales tax varies state to state
I am 18 so am i still fit for teenagers?
Her daughter disagrees
40chan
I do lol
Melt it down in my kitchen. Mix it with candlewax
When the entirety of Thneedville banded together just to plant a singular tree, which would disrupt my iron grip on the monopoly of air, a basic human need.         lmao no, let it die
Groceries. Yes!!
Oh yeah lifetime supply of hummus
"Bruh" has different context to it, though.  It's more of a "bro" with a *sigh.*
Dissolve in acids, neutralise, then drink
He didn't get away with it though
Someone who won't say they like you after knowing you for less than a month, tho that's just my preference. I don't ''believe'' in crushes that last 2 weeks so I'm happy when someone actually wants to get to know me before ''falling in love'' with me.
Heck, yeah. Cheap Prosecco with a screw top.
Id hide it in my afro. Even i wouldnt find that after
Doesn't work. Toilet paper breaks down in water and leaves krusteaz.
Given it's not the brightest idea to give a dog chocolate, no.
Would you mind giving some examples?
Which one? I mean... err.. ayy
Super Mario 2. No reason other than I loved that game.
Nah anything smaller than a cup final or an international match and it's absolutely pointless and terrible. Was at a league match yesterday and I can not think of anything that would have killed the atmosphere quicker than playing God Save The Queen right before kick off. And even if we did it would make absolutely no sense, yesterday in our starting XI we had a Brazilian, Jamaican, 2 Ghanaians, a Croatian and a Romanian, it makes no sense to play it at sporting events unless they're of national importance.
Who are you again? You where on a tv show right?
up my ass
I live 15 minutes up a steep hill from my bus stop and its a 2 hour commute. Some bus drivers are psychos and pretend they don't see you and drive by, some like to beat to schedule for some reason show up over 10 minutes early. Usually theyre at least 20 minutes late.  Doesn't matter, if im late it's on me at work.   America is fucking stupid lmao.
After thanksgiving
I like to just go under my covers like a tent and just think its SOOO calming to me lol
Who the fuck is Scarlet Johnson?
Italian BMT from Subway. Not complaining
Inspired by seeing people queueing at the Costco gas station for half an hour to save like $5 (maybe $10 for a large truck), makes me wonder what some people value their time at.
Like ashes...? Or...?
Different countries cut the meat differently as well. I’m from Sweden, living in the Netherlands now, close to the German border. Certain things are sort of the same, but in general it’s all different.
When she had a miscarriage with my best friend and begged for me to take her back only to ignore me for days at a time
In my experience, the better route is to find specific people who actually seem to take responsibility for themselves and have a level of empathy.  I found one person when I was hospitalized, and one person in the partial hospitalization program that I did afterwords. Mostly everyone else was, like you stated, fairly narcissistic and self-absorbed. But the two people that I found have been invaluable in my own healing, and I think I’ve been helpful to them, too.
Obviously I don't know what the future holds, but putting the money into S&P500 long-term was a better decision than real estate for 50+ years.  here are the risk-adjusted returns of US Stocks vs US real estate in the last 5 years: https://i.imgur.com/iWeazY7.png  source: US Federal Reserve
I love it. Lean in! Haha.
Going back to work 6 weeks postpartum!
Stare trek because earth is the exact way I want it to be and because I have always wondered was sex with a shape shifter would feel like
Before you judge they could be someone who works in law enforcement, psychology or medicine and had the terrible task of having to deal with the aftermath of this.
Yeah. If someone murders another person, you can call them whatever the fuck you want. Their opinion doesn’t matter
It’s like to birth a child, but very expensive child!
Col**u**mbia, and District of Col**u**mbia, not to be confused with the country of Col**o**mbia.
Having lived in Texas my whole life, it fuckin sucks dude. Even before the abortion law it was already just a terrible place to live. Especially inside the Bible belt parts of it
I'd separate it into it's different pieces (cap, spring, ink) and replace other pens parts with the main pen's parts and then leave them out in the open on my desk.
You are not the first who says that  BUT  Skip 3 weeks and he's dead
In his pocket
Fucking hell thats a story and a half
Who's Scarlet Johnson?
Good dogs.  They will always be here.
First person shooter (horror). I don't like to spoil plots, you could check the trailer.
Some family members were lawyers
Alyssa Zuccaro
I would ask him to close his eyes and then I'll take out my own do the joker trick.
NSFW  I'd probs hide it in my vag, honestly. If he looked there, I can sue him.
Swagger Deodorant
Not a question, more like an assumption on agreement to touch your body.   Physiotherapy technician
My daughter named my Silverado.  Silvey.
Breakfast with friends. I like it
My ass.
ALL first responders don’t deserve respect. Like any other group there are real pieces of human garbage that don’t deserve it
did u mean pikachus?
Donald Trump
Ur moms spaghetti
When our mom died, my close friends were there for a few weeks/month to check in on me; but my brother would check in with me at least once a week (to this day!) for the past 6 years. We fought a lot when we were younger and hated each other sometimes, but now that we’re older, you realize there is a special bond and relationship with siblinghood
That is literally the LAST (read: most insignificant) point in my list and you act as if you it negates everything else in the list. Also, as stated, it’s merely an example)
I mean a substantial amount
I’ve heard of it, if it’s that good, I guess you could call it goated
Wouldn’t you like to know 😉
Emergency. How do you delete a post via the mobile app? I get an error saying "something went wrong"  Please be quick
Hays-Tilden. That was the death of Reconstruction and the resugence of Southern White Supremacy.
Up my arse
a 4-page beer selection at my local café
or in a pile of a thousand identical pens.
Biscuits and gravy.   Fuck. Yes.
So all of them
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **NSFW link-aggregator posts, where top-level comments are explicitly expected to be links/videos/pictures/gifs of NSFW material, are not permitted**  Reddit has [many other subreddits for NSFW content, if you are interested](http://www.reddit.com/r/NSFW411/wiki/index).  If you feel this message was received in error, please contact the mods.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I find that it is so easy naming files under 8601 to sort by dates. I prefer file names to be kept purely alphanumeric so for me, the dashes don't fit in.
I found this post really interesting and agree with much of what you said. You do seem to assume that successful black people should be obligated to help other black people, which I don't think is fair.
Fuck sake, now I gotta run to Kwik Trip for a box of glazers.
Part Time Manager at a Community Center, 6 months
I agree 👍the Endgame visualizations oddly takes on what 1 could perceive as Light vs Dark battle.
He threw the mother of his children down the stairs.    ON CHRISTMAS DAY 💀
Where it is from?
i watched the first episode on the tv in the living room. fml
Shuv it up my
913451. Because I said so
Texas
Joe Lopez (Tejano Singer) raped many women but was only charged with raping his niece. He served about 12 years in prison, Is out in parole and Is still performing. His victim has come forward to express how disappointed she is about her rapist being freed.
Helium balloons. Real life version of UP anyone?
Omg. I win. I last bought a captain and ginger at the bar last night.
No lie, cemeteries. They are very quiet and peaceful. I love to walk through them, especially in New England where they were designed like parks in the Victorian era. Also, the woods.
Gold
Burn it
Starbucks mango dragonfruit drink. As a college student, I am happy.
By misgendering someone you don't like, you prove that you'll only accept trans people if they're someone you decide is ok.  Horrible trans people are still trans. You don't get to dismiss their identity because it means you're dismissing the identity of every trans person.  Don't be an asshole. Never miss gender. Like, fuck Caitlyn Jenner she's a piece of shit. But she's still a women no questions asked.
This. It's really weird hearing Americans talk about how we are able to buy things like a game console or plane tickets, etc. without a credit card and it's baffling to me. Like, I'm not going to buy it if I can't afford it? The only thing people here in Austria take out loans for is cars and houses.
Yeah. Would you like to know?
What the hell happened in Charlie Sheen’s life that caused him to become such a degenerate? Especially at a young age with the whole Corey Haim thing?
kanye has put out top tier music for decades. his diversity is unmatched, i suggest you broaden your horizons and learn to appreciate music from multiple genres
I wouldn't suggest this only because I know from experience it can take days for belly button stank to properly wash off.
> More than 100 people in the film industry, including Woody Allen, Martin Scorsese, Darren Aronofsky, David Lynch, Wes Anderson, Isabelle Adjani, Isabelle Huppert, Monica Bellucci, Penélope Cruz, Tilda Swinton, Kristin Scott Thomas, Harrison Ford, Pedro Almodovar, Guillermo del Toro, Harmony Korine, Michael Mann, Alfonso Cuaron, Jonathan Demme, Alexandre Desplat, Terry Gilliam, Stephen Frears, Thierry Frémaux, Wim Wenders, Emir Kusturica, Alejandro González Iñárritu, Julian Schnabel and Wong Kar-wai, among many others signed a petition in 2009 calling for Polanski's release.[81][89][90][91] Emma Thompson originally signed the petition, but later asked for her name to be removed after a conversation with a 19-year-old college student and activist, Caitlin Hayward-Tapp. Other celebrities like Meryl Streep and Whoopi Goldberg did not sign the petition, but spoke out in support of Polanski in other ways.[92] Harvey Weinstein also defended Polanski.[93][94] However, in 2018, Natalie Portman, Xavier Dolan and Asia Argento expressed regret and apologized for signing the petition.[95][96][97]
Is it like a specific pen? I'd probably put in my pen collection of over 200 pens. Probably hard to pick out the right one in 10 minutes.
they are probably the least problematic band from that era
Fucked in the Westminster Abbey.
Looking at PCs at Circuit City back around 2000-2001. This was, I think, after they'd fired the more experienced staff because the absolute torrent of babble that came out of the salesager's (salesman + teenager) was pretty impressive in that about 95% of what came out of his mouth wasn't only wrong, but had absolutely nothing to do with computers.   It's been so long I don't remember exactly what he said, but close thematic example would be saying something like "If you need more RAM, you can just download it."   I've been IT (at the time) for 15 years.
It's okay. We have some who're great.
Mine is I expect you to die
Up my ass?? How has no one said this
when she dumped me for another dude.
Don't buy a Chrysler
I have a bidet that warms up the water. Highly recommend getting one *without* a remote control, or at least one that you can control without a remote. We have to replace the rechargeable batteries every 6 days.
"No, I am not signing up for your multi-level marketing thing"
Again, thank you for proving my point.
I don’t know man it sounds too dangerous, I’ll stick to grapes for now
Puff Daddy putting a million dollar hit on 2pac  I believe he never paid the full amount to the Southside crips. Puff Daddy aka diddy aka Love is one of the most shadiest individuals in the music business. I wouldn't be at all surprised if had something to do with biggies murder too.
That’s how you can distinguish who actually needed them (neurodivergents), from who just wanted them for the trend.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Parmesan Cheese 👌
Honestly asking what are the uses of derivatives beyond acceleration?
I don't really care. It's just another body of mass floating around. Whatever it's classified as doesn't matter to me.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Inside the engine of my car. Drop that bitch right down th throttle body.
Jealous.
I cant fathom how Rocket league is in the same discussion for most toxic community as league of legends. How does a person go toxic in Rocket League?
I reject your reality
It was a comparison.  When people think of immigration, they think of what it is like today.
I was reduced to using oat milk last week that we had bought for some vegan friends coming over. It was surprisingly OK - much better than almond milk 🤢
Funko pops
Waitress. Then I watched the musical and it left me in tears as well.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pmzkge/which_one_do_you_prefer_sub_anime_or_dub_anime/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Africa is a country, dumbass. /s
La la land.
Didn’t he recently say he stays out of LA, so he “doesn’t run into Nicole Brown’s killer?” The fucking audacity it takes for him to say that! Makes me sick!
After thankstaking
I’d put it in a cup of other similar looking pens.
TSA
driving on the right
Human meat tastes better When it's perfectly Toasted *chef kiss*
That pen is definitely going up my ass
Nice try scammers
Ok fair enough.
As someone who is also recently getting into kpop, the fan bases are making me uncomfortable at least. I can just appreciate the music without making it my one source to live
Hammock? Damn I'm going to have an easy going life.
I would take the USA's health care system and replace it with Sweden's.
Same except we opted for bulls
I Take employment as a concrete smoother for 2 weeker,hide the pem within his sidewalk
Probably just form government.
I was talking to some guy at one of my SO’s friends Christmas parties I get dragged to every year. Anyway, somehow the topic of gaming PCs and computer hardware comes up and he’s telling me how excited he is because he just bought the new ryzen 7 to replace his old i5 and how he can’t wait to get more than 60 FPS on cs:go. I immediately had my doubts about this whole idea of his so I asked him what motherboard he had bought, and he said he didn’t need a new motherboard, he was just gonna use the same one that was already in the pc as it still worked fine. Even though I tried to explain to him that he would need a new motherboard for the amd processor, he kept insisting his motherboards processor slot would work with any processor and didn’t want to listen to me as I was trying to get him to “waste money”. At this point, I didn’t even bother to mention his monitors refresh rate was probably 60 hz, and that buying a 120 or 144 hz was a must for an increased frame rate. I just went and watched football in the den with all the other dudes and called it a night on socializing.   Note: for clarification, he had 2 big errors in his logic. First, If his frame rate would not exceed 60 flat that signifies a 60hz refresh rate, which means max of 60 frames per second. In order to increase frames, he would need a monitor with higher refresh rate, which he most likely did not know. Second, because he was switching to an amd processor from an intel processor, his motherboard was and intel motherboard, and he would have to go buy an amd motherboard for his new processor for it to work.
Yeah, they’re kinda weird. looks like they joined Reddit 3 days ago…
Zip lock bag in a pond or under sand or sum shlt
Why wouldn't I have pockets? What sort of person buys clothes with no pockets?
Wash yo stank booty ass
Listening to tyler the creator, and going on random websides on my computer
Academia.
The wheel
Jerry Lee Lewis
It even wants regression
Down the drain. Good luck finding that in the London fatberg!
Havana syndrome
If you really put your mind to it, you can watch 16 seasons of greys anatomy and get paid
Holy shit I was looking for this. Nextdoor just makes you realize how fucking nuts and entitled your neighbors are.
in a huge bin of pens that will take him forever to sort thru
I'd get a friend of mine to pass it on to someone else he could trust and have them do the same. After the detective is done looking I can do my own detective work and find it for myself considering I'll need it back
Inside my 90 lbs of cocaine
Ummm...  you did good. Would you rather have an expensive wedding, honeymoon, and divorce?
r/shermanposting is a blast because the people on the sub sing Union marching songs in the comments. We’re a merry bunch
Boring people with no sense of humor
crtrl + . for the date
> he wrote a book describing exactly how he did it   Well it’s not clear he even wrote it as the story is it was ghost written and they just paid OJ to put him name on it.
Coldbrew tea. I usually forget to make a new bottle for the next day.
I like this one and teenagers  And the online friend i have msot contact with i met on csgo
In my urethra
Tucker is a bi**ch and the funny thing is he knows it. He got clowned by John Steward.
publix chicken tender subs with sweetend ice tea
Gasoline, i wouldn't mind having it in my fridge as long as it's always refilled.
This is worse than I expected with this post.... Don't even want to know what you went through on the other end!
If yo pay is so good give me some🤷‍♂️
I like this one
In bath with my ears under water. It’s quiet and peaceful.
Salman khan - too many to list
I named mine Butt Stallion in honor of my favorite diamond pony from Borderlands. Even got a bumper sticker for it.  I frequently have to explain "no, it's not a gay thing."
If I can manage to get past the smell, the taste gets me. I can't fathom anyone truthfully liking it.
Wasnt his ex also just 18 when they “started dating”
Every City not on the American continent wasn't planned...  Only there u find complete linear roads
iPhones?
When it came into existence.
groceries. ideal
Fair enough! Although even at my worst I've never danced naked on a table lmaooo
Yep. Get up EARLY to truly enjoy Yellowstone. All of the popular spots are completely overwhelmed with people by around 9 or 10 am but daylight is a truly amazing time in the park.
I suppose a 'grow operation' might be on the table.
"If you wanna be my annoyance, you gotta rub me the wrong way!"
After I fap i feel horrible si all for them
How is this even a question.   Next ill take insulin for 400
Bluebell ice cream
Nah, we have Celine Dion's husband and that guy from Hedley
Lifetime supply of Long Islands.
They're a part of my spiritual beliefs,  which have helped me with a lot of self improvement, learning to harness my own willpower and dealing with the loss of loved ones.
With Hoffa’s remains
December 15th
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Honestly jealous.
Honey.  Like when people console eachother with “awww hun”. Especially when an adult calls another adult hun/honey.  It just soubds to dismissive and insincere. Although i know they don’t mean it that way.
Idk. Not enough "partiarchy bad" I guess? 🤷‍♀️ If it's factually incorrect I welcome better facts, didn't find them after several attempts at duckduckgoing.
We're in the same place
The titular Edith Finch going through her family home, and through the environment reminiscing about what ended up being the fate of all the individual family members. That's what I will say without giving any spoilers.
Bourgeoisie
Yeah, people are allowed to still enjoy his comedy even though he's a rapist piece of shit.
And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Talking about freedom, but it only refers to bad things. So like "freedom to work" and they mean your boss can just fire you at will for no reason with no recourse.
The catholic ban on condoms isn’t exactly helping the AID’s pandemic in Africa…
Burn it down with the house... You just got 1million you can afford to replace both...
Oh my fucking god. I just gave advice not to use this stuff. I did not attack you about your vaginal health or hygiene.  If you want to waste your money on soap with pink packaging do that.  If your gyn tells you to use it and you are healthy, all good.  Medical practitioners have different opinions and often different solutions work. And that is fine and good.
Just destroy it
Cardi B raped a man.
Yes with a 0,00000000001% drop rate
My friend and I  found an amazing hotspring that was free to the public but required a strenuous hike to get to.    Anywho, we knew it was clothing optional and there would be naked folks in the hot springs.  NbD.  What we didn't expect was a VERY evenly and well tannned, mid-60's gentleman in nothing but hiking boots and a sun hat.  At the trailhead.    I don't know why that was so shocking.  We had about 1.5 miles from the trailhead to the springs so I guess it was just so unexpected.    To this day, when either one does something mildly embarrassing we'll say "Um, nice boots."  And cackle like hens.  The only thing I could think of to say when he greeted us.  Lol.
Made a poop joke and he got blue balled
What’s with all these weird AskReddit questions? What’s your name? What are your parents’ names? What would you age be if you flipped it?
They're pretty fucking trashy, but that just makes them "subversive" of the status quo or some shit.
I’m Saara (I usually go by my American name but I’m too paranoid to put it on Reddit lol) :) Nice to meet you, Brandon!
Also getting hit in the nuts actually hurts more than child birth apparently
The second option is so fun lol
As I get carried out by people I'd want binary sunset to play
Both of you are gonna be so bummed when you realize it’s your SOs who are hiding your possessions and gaslighting you.
I’ve never been this willing to shove something in my ass.
I’d give it all to my parents. Dad has cancer and it would cover everything he needs. Make moms life a lot easier too.
Fall Guys
Taxes.  I'm poor enough as it is.
“How much spandex do you have?”
I’m taking speech for the third time rn
Unfortunately, Coca Cola ☹️
Thank ye kindly
I always thought 2 Broke Girls and Two and a half men were both insufferable.
I am that SO (not yours though.. *Or maybe* ..).  My husband and I call it "wife powers" and the lore goes that this power was bestowed upon me as soon as we were legally married. He only gets his powers if he becomes a dad, then he will be able to incredibly catch nearly anything and with no prior notice needed.
Thats.... not how this works. Would you do the same to a cis person?
How you know? Lol
Twitter= The sewer of the internet
People aren't really 'made' to be together forever. People who are usually have a lot of compromises/cheating/mistakes under their belt and sometimes people just choose to stay.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Condoms :) this is a win but there are way better things to win a life supply of lol
Unexpected John wick✏️
beans
There are countless dirtbags who did worse things but I don't understand how Cardi B drugging and robbing people received so much sympathy because she was poor at the time.
Ones about weight.
Agreed. Wait what excuse did they try to give? Obviously there is no viable excuse for this, but I’m curious what nonsense they’re trying to spread.
Potato ricer
Um what!? Can you elaborate because this assertion does not make sense?
The vagus nerve one, the other is most likely your prostate.
Nutella and McDonalds where the only two who did the right thing here...  Why are you upset? After he was accused of rape, everyone renewed with him, except for Nutella and McDonalds who said no
regularly beats women like he has a quota to fill
It doesn't. If I may ask you a question: are you an atheist? I don't think that religious person would post something like this.
Swallow it
That sounds amazing, where I am most are franchises of different baby class companies or run by churches!
r.i.p
Pancakes!!
Refuse free healthcare
I must be a unicorn, because all of that is completely fine by me.
For the most part, it's been great for me. Had my beautiful girl at the start of the pandemic and she definitely is my ray of sunshine in this. Was called back to my old job with better pay and able to WFH and in office whenever. The only sucky thing is I don't get to see my friends from out of town anymore.
And them offer them the whole pack
I had a bad reaction to a new medication. I was staying with my mother, and we had been binge watching I Zombie. I sleptwalked up two flights of stairs asking my mother if she had been bitten, and telling her if she had I had to kill her. Keep in mind I'm 6'4, so if this fugue state had actually been violent this would have been, REALLY bad.  When I actually started to come out of it, and could actually see my mom, I knew I was hallucinating because she had reptile eyes. It took me another half hour of being awake for the psychosis to fully fade and for me to come to terms with the fact that I was not living in a world where zombies were a reality.  The human mind is fragile, and we are all closer to being truly crazy than we think.
As a child I never really knew this, and my dad was a dentist. I always had bad breath and was super embarrassed by it. My friend had to be straight forward with me and tell me my breath stank and why it probably stank for my to realize.
Eating disorder community lol
Yup fully agree that would work
Had a lot of health issues when I was younger(still do). Severe (and silliest) allergies, asthma attacks et cetera. I get sick very easily and during a certain period in my life, it happened almost daily. Every problem I had, would start at the highest frequency and then come down slowly.
Software developer. Would probably still pay better than using the wings, lol.
What if his bodyguards shoot you first
Even though I live in a country where guns are widespread, even ARs and stuff and I believe that people should be able to own all kinds of guns, sometimes the American gun culture still seems a bit weird. Some people make it a fetish.
Body-limited orgasms per day.
Rice   Not my first choice, but I'm not complaining.
just flush it down the toilet
20 seconds hot/high
Soooo one time when I was little my dad let me borrow his phone then his gf texted him but i clicked the notification then what I saw  was traumatizing she send a ass nude to my dad and he said he wants her to sit on  his dick (I don't talk to him now lol)
Allegedly...
Put it in your house and lock the door
In my vagina
Put it in a blender, flush it down the toilet. If he finds it, he deserves the win.
I actually had someone argue with me that Standard (imperial) was better than Metric. Funny thing is I am an American and I prefer Metric. It's just easier
Scouse
Nobody cares about you unless you provide something to them.
The Korean movie "My first client". Based on a true child abuse case that happened a few years ago and it's heartbreaking to think everything could have been avoided it the neighbors reported the abuse, if the police took the reports that have been made seriously
Easy be the demon rather cause pain than be in pain
Bacon burger and wings
The Britta.
What a silly question.  The Endless River came out in 2014 and it’s amazing.
That's a silly question. We just lived through four years of Donald Trump, for crying out loud.
Beware of those that say they've "seen the light".  They're often blinded by it.
What makes you think you know about modelling?   You know what you were taught in school.  Did they teach you to be skeptical?  You can fill in any gap in a model with a positive feedback loop.
But people ask me, in conversation, “Are you from Germany? [or other northern European country]” They always seem very surprised when I say that I’m from the US.
Covertly hand them a mint with just a nod. Or something like that which is tactful and gets the message across
loaded cheesefries, mushroom cheddar burgers, & blt burgers. i'm going to be very pleased for a bit and then gonna have to be regularly giving food away.
I like a lot of different accents. My mother told me it was evolutionary to be attracted to accents because traditionally it meant you couldn't be related lol
But how do you feel about Pluto not being a planet
Nah there’s still people out there on eBay hoping to cash in on their multi billion dollar empire
r/holup
People who are 'brutally honest' or 'have no filter'.  Honesty doesn't mean saying every rude thing that pops into your head out loud. That's social incompetence.
I though he changed his name to Larry David
No Chryslers.
Make a joke out of it, and offer mints just after
lemon but together with strawberry
#BUCKLE UP BUCKAROOS
A lifetime supply of Destrega for PS1? Huh..
In my ass,I'm a minor,i win
Sure, sure. But ask you parents for specifics before you challenge anyone to a game.
Oohhh
>hidden bits  i'm sorry, but i bust out laughing, "hidden bits" reminded me of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj4-E5Hs3Kc) and i just couldn't help but read it in that guys voice
Plants!
When the only thing the manager cares about is their dumb rewards system.
I think highly intelligent people know that if you know everything, you know nothing at all.
Break in pieces and eat the ink and the plastic scatter around the house
Congressmen and senators having unlimited terms
I got bored, ok? gee
prison wallet.
One of them sexually assaulted a woman, so you may want to rethink the overly positive statement.
Maybe the argument got him over the line.
eyes, preferably from canedians
Because it predates the American constitution by more than 500 years and it is still the basis of Great Britain's law system
It's hella cringey when people talk about how great they are. I don't care about how subversive they are or what the fuck ever, Ninja fucking raped her and Yolandi stood by and let it happen.   I remember the gay performer too. They called him a bunch of slurs and Yolandi brought out the crocodile tears to say a gay man raped her. She (and Ninja) even *admitted* that she made it up. Ninja called it a great performance. Fucking garbage, the both of them.
Pro Ana/Pro ED. But in like the early 00s when nothing but was policed online.
Not being allowed to have feelings or show emotion. But we do have them....it's just generations passing down the 'strength' which is kind of toxic and far more damaging than they realise.
Kurt Cobain Smells Like Teen Spirit was because he was in his 20’s and banged a 14 year old he took home after a show in downtown Olympia. His roommate spray painted it on his bedroom wall the next morning. The rest is history.
To the fella's that still have it and know what I'm talking about. Clean under your... Hood every time you shower. And to the people who talk about cheese and all that. Just know that a person who cleans their member properly don't get that.
+ clean the top of your mouth. Only takes about 5 seconds to go over it while you’re at it
Oh my, you beautiful fool! You just gave me an orgasm of preponderance in existence! No doubt that no two are one, yet how can basic mathematics work if no 2 are 2? We would have to go into the quantum realm if that were to be the basis of our argument. Your delicious (very delicious as i love both those apples) apple argument does hold credence, one may in fact hold more value than another, depending on subjective value, yet they are still two apples. Adding time, which is a third dimension, gives the things duration. Now i just want to know where you would like to go frome there :) you've got me in an intellectual semi
You can use your younger siblings as slaves
This is disappointing to hear, loved that guy.
All anecdotal.
Only energy can't be created or destroyed, only transferred. Everything else can be created or destroyed
That's tough but understandable. Thanks for the insight. I wish you the best <3
Donald Trump.
In my ass,I'm a minor,i win
Skin care, being emotionally vulnerable, pretty much all kinds of "feminine" clothing.  Like seriously, it's just cloth arranged in a certain shape and in different colors. It's completely arbitrary.
And? It is still a separate life.
Toothpicks 😂
3 words. My. Hero. Academia.
Everyone knows the water in the toilet is for a post-use dunk
I really need to watch it. In school everyone called me Daria and I didn’t understand the reference but it sounds like me.
Dunkin Donuts ice coffee and double egg double sausage on an English muffin   I can live with that.
licorice and coffee. I'm a simple Scandinavian, I love my licorice and coffee
Rental cars or a latte not sure which.
Especially given his close ties to royalty, and that the Queen loves protecting her nonce of a son.
Forget about the racism
A giftwrapped present that contained the most expensive latest model new smartphone. If you're lucky, it will always be the newest model, but even if not you've got a rare metals mine right there.  The hardest part would be making enough money in the early stages of the project to afford sufficient automation for handling the flow of packages when you suspend the fridge on its side, while not getting arrested or the fridge stolen :/
His son did it and I will not be convinced otherwise.
Goat simulator... If you aren't aware.... Just Google it
Oh, fuck off, Dan. Women are sick of being told that men are magically women by saying they are trans. He is still a man, will always be a man.  Trans women are trans women. Aka, men. Let me ask you, Dan. Would you go down on a trans woman? Suck their lady dick? Unless you are bisexual, the answer will be no. If they've had the full surgery, would you lick their approximation of a vulva? Hmmm?  Also, don't you dare suggest that women with amenorrhea (women that don't menstruate) are not women. Woman is a state of being, not an identity.
You never said it has to be in a certain shape. I shrewd it’s down and throw the remains into my fire place
I made sure one forgot he was a rapist here near me in LA. People would and still do get mad/furious at me for it. I don’t care. It’s not like they have an argument otherwise. Esp since that woman’s life was COMPLETELY RUINED by his PR team, fans and media cause she told the truth.
Kurt did no such thing
I can see how people are going to refuse the vax and get fired and/or be shamed. I agree this will be really stressful. Suicide has been increasing for years but didn’t kill as many people as covid did in its first year. Many people have failed to get this vax voluntarily and it doesn’t hurt my feelings that it’s being mandated. I would rather deal with this than either being sick with delta or meeting the taliban
Social media plays be the biggest factor in US elections more than the actual policies of the politicians I would love to have modern 1930s America where we already have enough of our technology but no social media sites
I'm no stranger to having things in my butt.
Ps2 memory cards lol
Have you've ever been in a tiktok comment section?   Honestly not the most toxic, but the sheer number of toxic kids in those comment sections are unbelievable
O.J. Simpson
In front of a sea:) I like it because almost every day on summer mornings i wake up, cross the road and go to the beach, stay a few hours then come back home:)
Earrings. Yo! I'd be so happy :D
Yes it was very smooth but expensive. Keep in mind outside of Hawaii you’ll see things like “Kona blend” which can be any amount of Kona beans.  You should buy from a Hawaiian roaster directly
that bitch amber
KFC
I get this in tech, too. Caller disregards everything I ask them to do to fix the issue, like idk what I'm doing. Well why tf you calling me, then? I don't get it. Maybe because I'm a woman they don't take me seriously?
Using the Space Stone, I will travel to Vormir. There I will enter the soul world and burry it in the sand. So first, he’ll need to destroy that what he loves. >:D
I’m not a fan of the abortion ban but that’s not at all accurate lol. You can sue a person who performs an abortion. Not the person getting one.
Give it to a random kid at school, they’ll loose it for you in no time.
Republicans
Unscrew sprinkler head in the yard, drop pen into the irrigation pipe, reattach the sprinkler head.
Billions of TF2 starter packs for scout.
I just remembered the tweet from Frank Ocean that exposed the situation
Queen Elizabeth, the queens mother. Not the weirdest thing I’ve ever done but her pic was on a commemorative mug in Tesco and she’s been dead 10 years. The looks on those peoples faces. Damn
KARL MALONE GOT AWAY WITH R*PING A 13 YEAR OLD GIRL AND GETTING HER PREGNANT
This is the way
Dota2
r/breakingtheseal
r/Egypt my country.
My situation was similar. I grew up with a single mother and my sister. I vividly remember as a kid my mom telling me to outside and play. I’d outside and then I’d hear yelling and things crashing in the house. Eventually my mom and dad figured I’d be best if they separated. My dad agreed to pay child support and moved to Buffalo, NY and my mom stayed in NC. The only memory I have of my father is him holding me up against a wall by the collar of my shirt because I let my sister paint my fingernails. I was probably somewhere around  3 or 4 years old. I had no idea why he was so mad. I went up to Buffalo to visit my dads side of the family like 5 years ago. My grandad was cool af but I didn’t really anything to say to my father. I also have like 5 younger brothers and one older brother that I have never met. I think my dad not being a part of my life was probably for the best. I did have to learn some things the hard way though while growing up, but I think that I’m a better person because of it.
US$  Woo hoo!
Red Cabbage
Lifetime supply of Pall Mall cigs
Considering many Californian City’s have passed or are in the process of passing bills to limit and defund the police I would trust that sex workers are getting regularly arrested and tested like I would trust gas station sushi
Yea there are jobs without that necessary work involved but usually it boils down to cooks, lawn care, work like that. They like to hire local nationals for mundane work but if they go outside their specified zone or act weird they can be scooped up for questioning. Us naval ships as of currently do not allow people without a security clearance to work on them last I heard. Its technically contracting but those jobs make nothing that the majority of contracts in more technical positions make.
When I was younger and embarrassed about the nature of being a man and what came with that I ended up jerking off in a church parking lot to control my boner. I gorilla gripped that thing to prevent a mess but it was the only thing that worked to put an end to it for at least an hour.  I feel bad about it but I come from a weird background and didn't know how to handle growing up properly. There were so many pretty girls and I was so young that even thinking about naked old people didn't quench my biological loin fire.
Don't wash your hair more than once a week.  I'm a guy with very long hair and women often give me compliments about it and the only answer to "what do you do?" I have is "I don't wash it very often but I brush it a couple times a week.
For the most part, organized religion inhibits progressive changes in society.
In my ass...
Yeah ... it was a very hard transition. At the call center though there were at least co-workers around and that made the monotony easier. When it shifted to working from home it was just me and my computer for 8 hours a day and I couldn't handle that. It's funny because I joke a lot about how much I hate people but I realized doing that job that I am very much a people person. And yes, the tips are another big factor ... its nice to know you are going to have money in your pocket at the end of work and not have to worry about whether or not you will be able to feed yourself that day.
I got a B in math.
Black eggy toast.
Not a man, but you need to wash your bellybutton too. With soap!
I personally wouldn’t go that far, but I see where you’re coming from! 😊
Titanic comments incoming
As a minor, in my bra, he cannot legally find it
Jokingly told a coworker that I really wanted to fuck her.
According to her, sexual desire is much like a desease unless you're married. I think the main problem is me trying to find logic in her reasoning lol
Bungee jumping.  No one talks about the not so rare possibility of losing control of your bowels during the moment.
Primogems on Genshin Impact  hell yea.
Burn the pen
Well we'll see what happens in Canada after a lot of the mandates to see how they're working.  I'm just saying that there is a logical & political reason to blame antivaxxers in the fight against covid. I'm not discrediting the necessity of vaccines.  Chill the fuck out.
Always look on the bright side of life.
in my ass
He fixes the cable?
Same
Paladins. Worst fucking community I've ever seen
I’d do that disappearing pen trick from Dark Knight.
Not quite. She says she has no regrets about losing her virginity to David Bowie, saying he was very romantic. Not excusing Bowie myself, just correcting the record.  On Page, who locked her in his hotel room and was apparently the kind of jealous, possessive prick you’d probably categorise as an abuser regardless of her age, she looks back less fondly. Apparently they met again years later and Page tried to excuse it all with “Well y’know, we were kids,” and she replied, “One of us was.”
Show us on the bear where he touched you?
Have you tried standing on your head 😁
I'm not telling you. Nice try, detective.
ye that be quite concernin
That’s like my cat
Alan Walker we are unity
2021. The reason is arbitrary and doesn't matter in the end.
Take **the pen** apart. Use the pieces from **the pen** to replace pieces in other pens. Either destroy the pieces that have been replaced or put them together to make a snazzy mix-and-match pen.
There are soooo much more
Worn a pocket watch
You have two choices. Either sell all you can now before no one buys anymore or wait. Your move.
I didn't know about that trick. How fast does it get rid of the condensation?
Daphne
I just saw that performance of Vince Neil in 2015. My chest hurts for him 😆
Babble once
Who wants a Tesla wall charger! We'll electrify the whole community!
r/depression is toxic af. They all but advocate suicide and self harm.
Amazon Echo dot gen.3, alexa everywhere...
There’s this idea that doctors are uncaring assholes while nurses are super caring salt of the Earth types, but my ex worked as a mental health nurse and said the culture was pretty horrible among nurses while doctors just tended to get on with things. There was a lot of bullying and not many actually seemed to give a shit.  I got the impression the main clique of nurses just enjoyed having the power and were happy to ostracise anyone they didn’t like. Things ended badly for her because of this.
Beer abdomen doesn't have the same ring to it.   What bothers me is "stomach" to mean abdomen
I freelanced in print design and production for about 15 years, both for my own clients and as temp through placement agencies. It was great until one client folded and I had to sue another for nonpayment.  That's just my personal experience. I know some people who are extremely happy with it instead for working for someone else.
I would have a lifetime supply of candycorn. I don't even like candy corn, I bought these for a friend.
People use their religion as an excuse to hate people
That’s super cool! I find that people with mixed backgrounds tend to be gorgeous. My best friend is Armenian, Mexican, Swedish, and Spanish and she’s a nurse but models on the side 😅
My sister pronounces "mirror" as "mir", like the Russian space station.  I often mispronounce "ambulance" as "ambliance", as in a perversion of "to ambulate".
Tortas and horchata, hell yeah
Using the word "eh" wrong after learning the person your talking to is Canadian.
Shoes. Yay for me
And that fish is a breakfast item in some countries.
Every community will have toxic elements. Its up to the community at large to handle the toxic turds. If they don't, then they end up being known only for those vocal idiots, but usually rightfully so since they tolerate them in the first place.
All you need to know: toaster
KFC combos. I can cope with this .
Either friends or the American office
That won't work, you only have ten minutes
If you're ever in Mystic, Connecticut I'd suggest checking it out :) they also have very good fried pickles!
Didn’t think I would ever need this info
It’s kinda fun to feel like you’re predicting something lol. Wouldn’t decide important stuff of it tho
Buy a bunch of identical pens and leave them in a variety of hidden places. Build a cubesat and launch the original pen into space.
blaming everything on them
unable to defend yourself against verbal abuse   standing all day
It's because fecal matter is air borne and is everywhere. When you smell a fart, there is fecal matter going into your nose and mouth and lungs. Your bathroom has fecal matter coated over all the surfaces.....every time you flush a poop, fecal matter gets blasted all over your bathroom and your home. Fecal matter is really everywhere.
What country, if you don’t mind saying?
Yeah. Honestly neither country wanted this to be a thing and from a diplomatic perspective I understand why.   I just wish an agreement. Old be reached where she would at least face civil charges and have reprocussions in the states but I don't think it's likely without admitting fault
Moist.
How to fix appliances
I am so happy for you!!  How do you pay it forward?
My butthole what are they gonna do ask a minor to pull down their pants so they can look up there
Utis are bacteria in the urethra.If its still a small amount of bacteria it can be flushed out by drinking alot of water and peeing it out which gets rid of the bacteria. But once its more than a small amount you need anti biotics. If it doesn’t go away within a day than yeah people need to go to the doctors.
My guess then is that there’s other issues at play. Use soap, a cleanser, and exfoliator twice a day before applying. Wash your bed sheets every other week. Eat healthy foods.
Up my ass
Food and a drink from an amusement park. If this means I get free food & drinks from amusement parks whenever I go, then I hit the fucking jackpot
I have 2 star wars and anything music production related.
I used to have Wanda the silver Honda
I grew it to shoulder length and started tying it up.
Fair enough, but Jackson by his own admission regularly enjoyed sharing his bed with children that were not his own. It's also fact that he used grooming techniques with parents to gain trust and enable inappropriate behaviour. Alot of the accusations are unproven, but the elements that have are deeply troubling.
People need excitement I suppose.   I’m Brandon. What’s your name?
Xxxtacion killed 8 people...
Champagne!!!
Rafi??
Doesnt Jared Leto have some underage cult going on
The civil system isn’t a good remedy for this because most people, especially murderers, are judgement proof.
Corner to corner like there's more bed
In some countries, especially very hierarchical societies, you could actually be exposing the recipient-worker to harm, especially if they are lower status and/or a woman/young person. Giving unprompted gifts can have a butterfly effect with many unintended consequences including for that person's safety. If you really want to redress the structural causes of poverty, I can point you in the direction of academic literature and organisations experienced in poverty alleviation and advocacy. You are correct, it definitely doesn't feel right.
I’d shove it up my asshole
Bro that's just nasty, dont do that
Change your nappy.
Well...   > it was left imbedded in his foot.
British and curious too so I'm following this thread
Coconut milk, looks like i will be hydrated as hell
This is your reminder that he and Rihanna have actually reconciled like twice and are allegedly going out together again
This.  Depending on the softness of your brush, you're just scratching the shit out of your tongue by brushing it. A tongue scraper and mouthwash usually do enough.
You too, your version of life sounds like hard going too
I’ve heard of Fatal frame, but what’s Jericho?
I did not.
Yeah, I thought that was a given. I didn’t get banned because I’m not a mom, I got banned for commenting on a sub that had zero to do with parenting/gender/relationships at all.
Urgent care visit. Not too shabby
I’m a European living in the US and this is seriously my biggest pet peeve, especially because it’s usually associated with some kind of ridiculous stereotype. Like, I can’t help getting stupid drunk on whiskey, because I’m Irish. No, you’re just an alcoholic. Fuck off.
Rainbow six seige
You didn’t pay your internet bill Bc you don’t make enough money but thankfully you took an expensive payday loan so you won’t do it again
It doesn’t really work that way. Op, are you confused? Just do what makes you happy.
Mind and Yerownbusiness
The gift card is a great idea.
It really depends how close you are with your kid and their friends.   For girls - maybe some makeup wipes, a hair scrunchie, some lotion or a face mask. Practical things that they may have forgotten at home.    For boys - .. don’t   Edit: maybe individual goodie bags are overkill, but if you want, you could set out a basket with snacks, toothbrushes, toothpaste, mini mouthwash, lotion, etc. that may go over better
League of legends and FDS
You guys don’t wash your phone after using the bathroom?
When your ballsack is all shriveled up from being cold and you pull the skin and it burns extremely bad.
Nah i need it. I need hypoallergenic sun screen or my skin breaks out in hives
No one, my humor is so dark, it got killed by the cops
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
I'm a native speaker, and it's not like I don't understand you, but while learning other languages I understood that it's necessary to correct someone so they can learn the language. It's good enough. I don't know if you're interested in learning the language, but just in case, I corrected you.
Reading this post.
yes
Iced espresso from Starbucks
Some omnipotent guy that can just erase any other character from existence
There was a sandstorm in my area. Some of the animals were close to being carried away. I prayed to Zeus, and it stopped. But Hail arrived seconds later, and smote every animal on the field. I'd wanted to meet him in Heaven, but it is closed atm
You could sell 3 sets and become a millionaire.
Mcdonalds chicken nuggets and fries yaaay
I had a buddy growing up who moved to the US from Colombia. He was ginger and had a German first and last name. He had a similar run-in with a teacher who was Mexican-American herself, oddly enough. It was through him that I learned how the US categorizes Hispanic and/or Latino people.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In the cat litter box.
My jug of FIGHT MILK.
Depends but yeah, if a guy smiled at me and maybe hugged me, it would definitely make my day
Dora the sexual explorer
Oh I know I already looked lol OP is trying to get SSI for a disability. So ironically OP wants to live off the government while spewing anti government / pro China shit on reddit. What a world we live in lol
Movie theater popcorn! Hot damn!
that's why I bring my handicapped placard & lanyard everywhere I go so I can get away with having my cock out during a plane flight
That's a regional thing, i assure you most people say mirror
or you can make an elephant moan
Doing heroine
The foreskin is fused to the glans at birth. It releases during puberty. People in countries that cut don't know this and end up injuring babies through forced retraction. Or dumb Dr.'s who think it's phimosis and recommends circumcision. A child cannot have phimosis.
We’re still trying to come to terms with the end of Postmodernism and the advent of Neomodernism. One of the primary traits of Postmodernism is skepticism of grand narratives. In Neomodernsim, we crave narrative reassurance. The problem is that everyone is building a personal narrative and defending it as universal truth. These personal narratives are sacred to us, and therefore, when people question them, it feels like our very souls are under attack. That’s one reason why we’re angry.
Here's a nice video you can watch of what happens.   https://youtu.be/jVAd0BEPRVQ  So, you see when the cup is full, and you continue to add additional water, it overflows.  I think what you're not getting here is that all the ice on the poles is not already "in the ocean." It is on top of a continent..   So, when it melts, it adds to the volume of the ocean..  When you ADD ice to a FULL glass it OVERFLOWS because you have ADDED VOLUME.
Nope cause we don't have anything worth talking about that can't be discussed on Monday ✌🏾
38 percent of surgeons in the US are female. Better than the proportion of women on reddit.   You bring up a good point when you describe seeing most “everyday regular people” as white men with black hair, people you see every day.   Did you anticipate that 1/3 of redditors are women? Like in gaming spaces, women on reddit often opt not to out their gender, and men then often perceive these women as men (as intended).
objective reality is objective reality. The argument that human imperfection means we cant assign truth value to a statement doesnt work on any practical basis.
I love that for the strippers!
Had a conversation with my 10 year old nephew about washing his butt crack when he showers. He says he never does, which gross. We told him it is something he definitely needs to do. Trying to get him, his brother and his cousin to have good hygiene habits early.
Minecraft r34
?
"Not in my house."
Right now it's choosing to make itself the worst state by doing what it's doing
Ketchup
Nah, in Italy we also use a capital C to talk about our constitution
Just gonna put it in a womans purse those things are black holes
Rape is shockingly nuanced in prison.
Tbh it is a shit culture
Idk the mass, but the percentage of individual cells within your body that are actually part of your body is only 50%.
Google Andrew Martinez. Ultimately a tragic story, but he did have a couple years of fame and started a minor social movement.
What is it about?
Wow. U seem like u have a very happy and fulfilling life.
Such an incredibly minute, but important detail is how Rihanna did certain defense techniques when Chris started hitting her, showing this stuff happened many times before and while staying in the relationship, she had to learn self defense from her boyfriend...
those candys from Jim Neutron
Human suffering. Happy Sunday!
queen Elizabeth
Waking up with a super hard boner that won't go back and need to go to the bathroom really badly.
Because things do things
I‘d swallow it.
I was getting changed you non knockin mother fuckas  - J Roc
My brother’s presence
I haven't had or lost a child but I just happened to see this post and I was sad that it didn't get any responses. I hope you are doing ok, and my thoughts are with you.
a bag of coal.
Medications which have to be prescribed I assume. Not 200mg Aspirin or cough syrup.
“We are this close, yet there is endless distance between us” - Dexter
Militaryfaq
>But when it comes to rationing, they absolutely should be bottom billing. Not because of the punishment factor, but because the survival of an anti-vaxxer over the survival of somebody who has a surgery postponed is a travesty.  Interesting that you label them anti-vaxxer. If someone has all their other vaccines but has hesitation specifically about the newly released mRNA vaccines, does that necessarily make them an anti-vaxxer?   I love the Covid vaccines but I'm not sure we should label people anti-vaxx unless they are truly against vaccines in general.   I declined a tetanus booster even though the CDC advises them because I was aware that the UK's NHS and the WHO says they're unnecessary. I would hope that I wouldn't be labeled "anti-vax" by doctors (or future doctors like yourself) for declining it.   Thankfully, harmful vaccines are rare, but there have been instances: [https://www.cdc.gov/vaccinesafety/concerns/concerns-history.html](https://www.cdc.gov/vaccinesafety/concerns/concerns-history.html)  Would you have labeled anyone who raised concerns about particular vaccines when they were still new as "anti-vax," even in the rare instances where their concerns turned out to be well-founded?
glad to see that the english really understand our national culture
Good man
Can't I just use mouthwash?
Not Hollywood but: Jo Hyeong Ki That guy, who’s an actor and frequents Tv shows in Korea, killed Someone through drunk driving, tried to hide the body but was caught because he fell asleep nearby. He only served one year. Super creepy guy, multiple instances caught on video where he has this death stare towards other celebrities (mostly women). Still annoys me that he is and was allowed to be on so many shows. Also because Koreans love to cancel their celebrities for minor stuff but he’s like forgiven because he’s older/ more wealthy.
How was it
I would throw it in a pool of lava so it burns up
Before you begin, you’ll want a spotter just incase; if there are no spotters, go for a lighter orange and roll the orange down your stomach to your hips incase you can’t get it back up. You want to keep your shoulders back to prevent injury. You should have an arch in your back. You want your lungs full so take a deep breath, unrack the orange, and press.
Weakness jokes. Don't get me wrong I'm short and skinny but I am still very strong and athletic even though it doesn't appear so.
I see… so basically like 3 little piggies but you are the tornado
Hello there Twitter world! It’s the juice.
English with an American accent
Airport chicken pesto wrap.... it wasn't even good.
The Grand Budapest Hotel
KFC!
"He'd be damned if the fed was gonna put their greasy yellow hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass"
Kill the detective with the pen! Modern day John wick.
Beach
Fly away
He always creeped me out on americas got talent
Yes you have. Every time. You just haven’t noticed it. People shed about 100 hairs per day on average and a lot of those are stuck to other hair until washed.
pasta and wine. let’s goooo
A rapist can take a victim to court if they have an abortion
Id put it in my  Cats litter tray underneath the cat litter.
Do you like anything they've released in the past 30 years or so?
Right into the ol’prison wallet.
My fathers mother hasn’t died yet, but hell will her funeral be shitty. Nobody will have a good thing to say about her.
Award miles on United. Sometimes you have to bridge the gap a hair.
I hate how almost all appliances are designed for planned obsolescence.
Fatal Frame. One of the best scary games i've played.  Jericho. Gameplay is underwhelming but plot and setting make up for it. Great work by Clive Barker.
Bill cosby
You son of a silly person
“I’m not the kind of guy you fire….” -Ray Donovan
Because the OP is probably American
Rec room clan/Rp community and the sword fighting community   The game itself isn’t that toxic, but once you step into those communities, most of the time it isn’t that toxic but when you go to other clan maps you are met with threats,toxicity and you can be even ddosed.  And the sword fighting community is just full of racist and toxic people, but there is some good people in it, majority is toxic
My boyfriend thinks it’s unattractive when I call sexual organs by their actual name. He prefers me to call it by its slang
Ontario Canada
Sure, but still.
Get Vacinated when a Vaccine gets out for something widespread.
It's different than what I'm used to so it draws my attention. If ya know what I mean.
Use your hands? as you do with the rest of your body
Oh wandavision thought it was a vampyr refrence honestly
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
DigitalOcean basic droplets?
Don’t know who that is, but I‘m intrigued. What did he do?
God, I hate those videos, the ones where they put letters in where they don't belong, like chimken.  Makes me want to punch a baby.
I'm agreeing with you man. I understand the lusitania was essentially using the public as a shield to transport munitions. However, that isn't the same level as stopping the lusitania at the Azores, taking all the passengers and munitions off and killing them/hiding them and then rigging the ship with C4, blowing it up and then having the press you control report on it from a prepared script.
That depends heavily on what kind of pen it is.
> to the point he settled a civil suit instead of being proven innocent.  That means absolutely nothing.  Anyone can file a civil suit for any reason, and they very often settle for all sorts of reasons not involving guilt or innocence.
Yea like you. Crazy. Insane. Ikr? You know how straining and stressful arguing with a stranger is? Alright. If you like Trump and I like Biden so be it. Idk why I even try these days.
Yeah I was looking for something to help with my face skin issues that I may be missing but it’s as if only former smash pros are writing this advice
Ill hand it to someone at the hospital who always seem to borrow my pens, and make them disappear.
Chicken nuggets and fries
See a fucking doctor about that cyst. Holy shit.
Skyr is delicious, what flavour?
..Knowing you are going to wake up the very same way on Sunday 😎
Yes this. And every answer being “OP’s mom”. 🤮
You don’t understand
Acknowledged
I'd feel honored to know he feels safe enough with me to come out. I'd make sure to respect his needs and boundaries and stick with him no matter what.
My ass
I'm a writer, does it have to be a pen
Squirrels. pretty sure they'd constantly shout wanker at people
Definitely interesting to say the least lool
I would hide it inside the shower curtain rod
I am literally doing it right now in my head as I read this comment. I stopped myself and though "OMG, I'm doing the thing" and then decided to comment on it. LOL.
A girl being tied down and shit on by horses.
Elevenses
I was a server once and one of the managers grabbed my nipples (I'm a dude) . It was disgusting,  and I grabbed his back and said "how do you like that you weird fuck" and that was the wrong move cause he said he did. So I ended up pushing him pretty hard into a wall, then yelling loud enough so the whole restaurant could hear "Don't you fucking touch me dude" . Then I told all my tables about it loud enough so that fuck could hear and directly show he's damaging the restaurants reputation. I could seriously throw this guy like a lawn dart but I'm not getting charged with assault.  Im a guy, I can't imagine what girls went through but I wouldn't stand for it if I saw it.   Some of the scummiest human beings I've ever met have worked in restaurants. Not everyone, but a LOT. I'll never go back. Fuck that.
Sterling silver rings. I'm going to be Rich lol
is OP a time traveler?
Peppers, onions, tomatoes
The film Last Christmas. I don’t cry much at the end of movies, but when I do the film most likely had to do with romance lol
Wow I was gonna say this
Really makes the contents of the Jeepers Creepers movies, which involves an unkillable monster fondling and smelling teenage boys a bit more sus, doesn't it?
God, that's awful..
Moist
Is it a very specific pen and does he have to identify the correct one? Because you might have enough time to go buy thousands more of the pen at a very nearby shop.   Also, does the detective have to put everything back the way he found it? Because I'm imagining him tearing apart furniture and slicing open couch cushions, etc.  That's not relevant to this question but it is stressing me out to think about.
Plastic surgery would be a mod
Blue balls, it's are real and it's are painful.
There’s no such thing as “new insulins” and “old insulins”. There’s insulin and then there’s insulin *analogues*.  People eating “how [they] want” is among the aetiologies of type-2 diabetes.  Furthermore, exogenous insulin and analogues ought to be a very last resort for type-2 patients.
The inner pocket of his coat.
I feel like I’m seeing a lot of Christian men on these apps (a turn off) but is it just something they picked as an option and it makes no difference in your life and I’m completely over thinking it?
Right under his nose 🔎
wipe the tip. literally it isn't that hard. women have to do mire than that, so at least do the bare minimum.
Professional Wrestling.  At the end of the day these people are just performers but some of the community just takes it way to damn seriously.
Not that many. While it may sound silly it is that bad of a thing to be based lol
I was at the nude beach with my parents a lot as a child. You know what really bad thing happenend to me? I was aware that bodies are different and grew up to have a relaxed relationship with my imperfections.
Just wait because sooner or later another form of government would form. Like, you cannot manage without having someone in charge of certain things. Sooner or later people would start organizing themselves in small groups, then bigger, and so on, and we'd end up where we were.
If they are older they can drive you to school so you don't have to ride the bus. (rural life)
there’s an extra layer of shenanigans when you’re bisexual
>But even so, we don't flush our wipes  Good. Those wipes will play hell (chemically *and* mechanically) with a septic tank.
Hahahaha
Pays well.  I've learnt that lesson.
I mean yeah, if you turn it up to pressure washer levels. Rest assured that is a mistake only made once. Especially since after you float back down through the hole you've made in your roof, pooping is out of the question. Your butthole goes into full shy turtle mode after that nonsense.
Geek bars. Blueberry ice if it has to be the same flavour
Hate to burst your bubble but [fresh buzz](https://www.google.com/search?q=fresh+buzz&client=safari&hl=en-us&ei=01Y-YbOMMLeA9u8PifKqgAU&oq=fresh+buzz&gs_lcp=ChNtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1zZXJwEAMyCwgAELEDEIMBEJECMgUIABCRAjIFCAAQgAQyBQgAEIAEMgUIABCABDIFCAAQgAQyBQgAEIAEMgUIABCABDoCCCk6BQgpEIAEOggIABDqAhCPAToFCC4QkQI6EAguELEDEIMBEMcBENEDEEM6CwgAEIAEELEDEIMBOgsILhCABBCxAxCDAToICAAQgAQQsQM6CAgAELEDEIMBOgUILhCABDoICC4QgAQQsQM6EQguEIAEELEDEIMBEMcBENEDOg4ILhCABBCxAxDHARDRAzoHCC4QsQMQQzoECC4QQ1CdxwFYs9sBYJ_lAWgDcAF4AIABvAGIAcYLkgEEMC4xMJgBAKABAbABEcABAQ&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-serp) exists
To be interesting you must always be interested
I cant stop laughing. What sort of a fucking argument.
Hang in there. Where are you located if you can answer?
By asking Americans of reddit instead of just redditors I am sure that you are American and that you either think central powers were bad guys in ww1 or don't care about ww1 at all
Pho
Listening to that song might be one of the worst experiences I had working in retail. On its own it's not bad, but just the fact that it's STILL PLAYING is what bothers me.
I’d stick it in wherever he puts his pens.
I discovered this by accident. Holy shit best day of my life.
OJ
Not that it should be cosidered gendered at all, but pink and blue used to be swapped.
A pen factory
I've knee-ver noticed anything. Can't knee bad.
My parents were a shotgun wedding, happily married with 4 kids to this day. Hearing their story sounds so crazy to me because my fathers parents/family didn’t meet my mom until the wedding day.
The Spiderwick Chronicles. I heed the warning on the note and leave the book in the chest.
It's been "months away" since 1970. It might happen, but the fearmongering kind of degrades it.
Chadwick Boseman. After I finished, I hopped on Facebook and saw that he died.
Damn… i know that exact jack in the box…
Conspiracy
Hate Speech definition (Oxford Languages): abusive or threatening speech or writing that expresses prejudice against a particular group, especially on the basis of race, religion, or sexual orientation.
And I think that her mom Tippi Hedren was fine with it too.
What Remains of Edith Finch. One of the best narratives I've ever found in a video game.
And for extra fun, my 10-year-old nephew is part German, Japanese (his dad is Japanese-German), Hungarian and Vietnamese (from my elder sister). I'd say his background is even more interesting than mine.
Up my ass. If he finds it I get a good time.
Are they married to nerds, though?
Any time someone says Assassins Creed Odyssey didn't break the lore of the franchise.
Right now I'm writting an answer for this mis-asked question. But as soon as I finish to write the answer, I'll start to do something else and as a result my answer will be... incorrect? :)
Low serotonin, Traumatic childhood, and the human condition.
Back in the 80's there was this guy at art college who kept asking everyone if they'd ever heard of a band called The Butthole Surfers.  We all thought he was joking. Honest.
Flinstone vitamins form or nah
It really doesn't, as a kid I almost drowned too from undertoe at the beach and getting hit by waves relentlessly swallowing water til a female bodyguard saved my life. There weren't many people at the beach at that time and the sun was beginning to set but some guardian angel found me anyways. I would of died that time without her
You can’t do this to me. This is my town. I built it from nothing. Do you know how much I’ve sacrificed?!
If you have to stop during it to get gas or food or use bathroom.
Not screaming.
Bruh
Trash talk professional athletes to their face.
I’m aware enough to know that if you and your elderly relatives are vaccinated, there is next to nothing to worry about for either of you. That is what the data have to say, if you care to glance it over. The chances that you will pass covid to anyone, regardless of vaccine status, as a vaccinated person are very low. The chances that a vaccinated person passes to another vaccinated person are magnitudes lower. And the chances that a vaccinated person passes to another vaccinated person and that person gets severely sick are way lower still. There’s no “science” about it. It’s empirical data that we should let guide us.
like for other people?
Burritos
 >To be fair, Americans (and Canada in many remaining job fields) have enough multitasking with dealing with Imperial measurements. So adding languages is too much.  Haha i can agree with this one.  > Besides, do Americans really need to learn a second language? What's the point? Everything there is in English. So there's no problem there. Learning a second language is just for fun.  You develop some brain parts you wouldn't otherwise, so maybe it would help you, although i agree that's not really  necessary
Dan Cooper, for sure.  D.B. Cooper for most.   Their is a common name called The Vortex, and it sure as fuck  swept me in. Diatoms, Titanium particles, the whole shebang. Its got me.  Zodiac killet
There's absolutely no benefit to being famous besides money  So money without the fame? No brainer
The tamiami trail strangler. He dumped one of the bodies right next to the apartment complex I lived in at the time. I was really young and remember the cops everywhere, the police tape sealing off areas. My parents just rushed us inside- as all parents would do and never spoke about it.
i'm gay...so i wouldnt need to, but i would if i were to have sex with a woman.
True- it’s kind of shocking to see someone actually smoking nowadays
I feel that. I think that's harmless, cute and funny though. Well, it really did and I thank you once again. 💜😊💜
She's a transphobe unfortunately but I still don't agree with it bcuz she was abused so like nah
Dogs are probably up there
I can relate.
What are the side effects? If they are awesome I'm in. If the suck I'm sure I will be fine without the pill since I've had a vasectomy
I would argue gun violence in general 😅
That I’m stuck in life and nothing can make it better
The Very Hungry Caterpillar
Just destroy North Korea for good. Sodom and Gomorrah that bitch.
Need to know it's side effects and cost first.
People found lockdowns hard.
I don’t think you understood the question. Bananas make perfect sense.
No worries, it happens!
Came here to say this.
 DMC it’s my favorite car
The totals don't matter for the idea of "I went to the US and noticed a huge difference". The entire overweight population of the US isn't lined up for review when you deplane in Texas.
Ditto. I gained 10 pounds this summer and kind of just noticed all at once, it's wild.
My favorite is Netflix cancelling their own shows before the latest season has even dropped (Travelers, Lost In Space).   I don't watch Netflix shows anymore because of it, fuck em.
Rick Grimes?
huh. here i thought that was a publisher-owned pen name that various contract authors wrote under.
I said many jobs. Millions of people. Millions of schoolchildren. Because it was deemed necessary for the safety of everyone. Same thing here. You're OK with some jobs and not others? That seems inconsistent.  Do you believe an employer is not allowed to mandate the conditions of your employment? Because that's employers under 100.  If you're talking about over 100 employees, the mandate allows refusing the vaccine but being tested weekly. In other words, you have 3 choices. Do you believe that mandating testing is also 'control'?
meth
I’ve had weird periods since receiving the vaccine. I went to three gynecologists because my periods were so erratic. I was told nothing is wrong. This is possibly long term effect, on all of society.   [NOW, they’re finally looking into it. ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/women-said-the-covid-vaccine-affected-their-periods-now-more-than-1-6-million-will-go-into-researching-it/%3famp=1)
Sargent York
Thank you for admitting being wrong, it is refreshing nowadays you don't really see it, especially towards veganism. If your personal choice is being carnivorous despite knowing most nutrients can be obtained through plants then you do you. Now, knowing that you have mild IBS changes things because even though most meat industry "facts" are myths, I recognize a plant-based diet might not be the best option for you because of your symptoms and food intolerances. Unfortunately, even though veganism might be the most sustainable option (as of right now) I understand it may not be the best option for everyone (due to health issues, etc), and that's alright with me.
\*I'm imagining fisting Thanos to death\*  \*Then the tables turn and he starts fisting me to death\*  Courage the Cowardly Dog.
Abso-fucking-lutely!
Tremors
False. The obese suffer disproportionately worse cases both vaccinated and unvaccinated.
I mean what’s the point? No one would trust us anyways
elaborate
That's a difference in application but the science is the same. The invisible hand of the market is present in any economic system, from capitalism to barter. It's like two competing products. They have different features and people will disagree on what is better, but the science that makes them work is the same. Also, keep in mind that economists don't design economic systems or run governments. They study these systems and make recommendations that are not always followed. In the case of the Soviet Union, imagine if the leading economist for the USSR told Stalin that capitalism was the superior system and that they should transition to it. Do you think it's more likely that Stalin would have listened or had him executed as a traitor?
Someone stole the janitors floor washingmachine and drove it home
Tbh neapolitan ice cream was the beginning of the end. It never tastes like real strawberries so I gave up lol
I prefer to take my shoes of in the house
Nothing against the US (I'm in Canada), but they spend waaaaaaaaay too much on military. Just saying...
Many factors, depends on the person, the strain they use...  But generally increase in mood, relaxed feeling. Just generally feel pretty damn comfortable
To help sell the cocaine, of course.
When you’re talking about hundreds of cannabinoids and terpenes interacting to create an experience, saying anything more specific than that is going to be reductionist or false. Haziness appears to be the common anecdotal thread from this comment section, but there are clear and focused strains.
Oh God it was so nice to just not have to worry about anyone contacting you and not giving you a hard time. My mom knew she could only reach me on Saturday morning and that is all I had to worry about. If I went outside I didn't have to take my phone just in case. I do that on purpose now. I go home and put my phone on my night stand on don't look at it until I go to bed sometimes. It's so freeing. I think I am going to do that more often
Chelsea fc
my father is against letting me having a job and I'm a minor so I need his consent aswell to get a job. And I want to cut them both out of my life the second I turn 18 so them knowing where I work is also not really great.
The X-Files. Especially Season 1 and 2
That assumes credit matters to you. Years ago I walked away from debts. Abandoned a car loan and mortgage and medical debts worth more than the car. Told them all to kiss the fattest part of my ass.  I sold everything I could and had an ok job (this is 2010-11 and job ended in 2012 from budget cuts). Took a few grand cash and bought 4 acres junk land in the middle of nowhere (I was a tribal forester so was used to being in the middle of nowhere). My lot was an old dot rubble dump. I also got a 40 year old junk camper for $200 and just rode a bike or walked everywhere (carpooled to work). Lived there in upstate ny 7 miles from Quebec border and just ignored credit and banks and telling debt collectors to kiss my ass.  Turned that lot into a farm while living in a series of shacks and sheds then saved up over a few years and got a bigger place and built a bigger cabin with barns and livestock and an outhouse and a hand pump well. When the job ended I just became a full time homestead farmer making lots of small incomes selling surpluses.  10 years later I still don't give a shit about credit but my record was wiped clean.
Clarkson may be a bigot but he's the funniest bigot on earth
11 years.
Guacamole on a chipotle burrito
I just realized that there is something you might like to watch. I do not watch TV. But I do watch clips of things on Facebook. There is a British tv show called Dead Pixels about video game players some of which I think are streamers.
Predator
Came here to say this :).
Absolutely.
Jim Carey
Hell yeah I would! I can take most meds without issue.   In fact, I would hope it would curb my libido somewhat. I fucking hate being so horny so much of the time. It's awful. I just want to be calm and be me. Concentrate on other stuff. This buzzing in my head is no fun.
Just another country trying to take over the earth
In Diana Jones
if people want more info about some clinical trials that are currently happening for male contraception feel free to PM or check this out:  https://www.malecontraception.center/
She’s an ideologue who just goes with whatever is the most “woke” and will get her re-elected. I don’t know what she actually thinks. I guess drafting a bill that will  both work and get passed is harder than complaining and writing nonsense legislation.  The crazy far left is scaring away the moderate dems and the actual moderates… life long dem here. Hoping to keep it that way.
Florida man rides manatee, dares police to arrest him, gets arrested.
Deep state Israeli or German operatives. Alright. Defuq is that
Hopefully government. Otherwise, I'm not sure the human race has much of a chance..
OSHA violations
Me
Pacific Rim
Not being funny or sarcastic but time is pretty expensive these days. Yes better equipment saves time and prevents stress. With this being said, take the TIME to file these receipts and fill out warranty cards, totally worth it.
I mean I use hand sanitizer every time I get bored at school (so like maybe 3-4 times per 45 minute class, 7 classes) and I also carry a box of antibacterial wipes and wipe down my desk before I sit down. I wear a mask, but only because my school requires it, I have asthma and it's seruously hard to breathe in those things for me (no I'm not trying to be anti-mask, I always wear a mask when it's required, but seriously there have been times when I thought I was going to pass out because I literally could not breathe). I'm pretty scared of getting covid, so I'd rather not risk it.
Galavant, they even celebrated having a second season in the first place.
You’re an amazing human being for telling your story and for surviving.  I wish you the best and hope you are winning in life.
Hayeo Miyazaki.
I see no reason not to
Watch Alex Rollins videos on YouTube. Absolute cash money.
Those effectiveness rates are so high that a child would be happy to bring a math test home with those on it.  If a Casino gave odds that good on roulette, I'd be a multi-millionaire.
[Loveless](https://youtu.be/BEmdqIv1EIQ)
Attack Of The Clones
How many calories exactly?
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Here you go! :D [i forgor💀 explanation ](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-forgor-%F0%9F%92%80)
Lolita
Bourbon.
I was in the same boat waiting for some progress there for like a decade. The wife and I decided we were done having more kids a couple years ago then COVID stuff came up while we were planning things.  When they opened elective procedures back up last year I got snipped.  Wasn't too bad, scalpel-less kind of procedure. Look forward to that less permanent option being available to men.
:D.
When I was like 13 I almost fell off a very steep side of a mountain on a 4-wheeler after hitting a rock on a very narrow path that had a deadly drop on the one side.   Went perpendicular to the path for a moment and saw the drop. No idea how I managed to not lose the 4-wheeler. Got lectured after for not jumping off.
G&R lyrics are some of the worst. Feeling like a space brain? What the hell is that. All I can take is some paradise city in moderation.
Monster Truck. Using the pyramids as a jump ramp would really show those pharaohs whose boss.
Bandy Mcbandface
Yes
Elon Musk
Last call at bars comes with complimentary bc pills.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I remember seeing “the hills have thighs” on the channel guide (back when I had cable)
Ha! No it doesn’t. A father doesn’t go through 9 months of pregnancy and experiences all the crazy shit that occurs. Fathers don’t give birth and almost die because of it. Those are facts. You’re just stating complete bull no one is interested in hearing.
Jesus for SURE.  Dude had 12 friends while in his 30s so you know he was friendly and personable. He was a carpenter and the fact that they mention it means he had to be a good one.  Due to the manual labor.... Y'all ever see a Catholic crucifix? My boy is SHREDDED.  He's also not real quick to anger but when some merchants got him riled up, he braided a whip and went back to beat their asses.  Then we have the fact that his best girlfriend was a ho. ICONIC.  Lastly, we have the story of him going to a village, seeing a naked dude and immediately being like, "I'm gonna have dinner with you". THEN SPENDS THE NIGHT WITH SAID NAKED MAN and leaves in the morning after they basically swapped outfits.
Then he’s flip-flopped because I read an interview with him where he said otherwise. I read multiple sources. If you wanna just pick the one that supports what you believe, be my guest.
Betty White
Yeah. But I know some people who attracted to both but they are trying to date with only guys or women’s. Maybe I just needed to make my question a little different.
Sorry, I'm @ work and got a phone call while posting.  I'll delete and add "you watched"
yeouch i’m sorry
China absolutely has poor people.  >Have you ever spoken to somebody from Russia or China?  You aren't a very smart person. Gee I wonder how i would know about Anthony Wong. A Chinese celeb that has made zero impact in the west. Could it be that I'm Chinese and used to live in China.
Yes
Seth Rogan. Won’t be for a while though probably. Steve Carell too. Both hilarious men.
The opposite of againstgor?
Guy
Chamber of secrets
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I am still chasing this dragon: a dry rub lemon pepper wing that I had at a Steelers themed bar in Costa Rica
Garlic parmesan or lemon pepper. Cant decide what I like better
Yes and the world population would cease to exists the same as women who lie about taking the pill men would lie about not taking the pill.
4+ hours
My parents have water frontage at their house on a river that has a pretty serious undertow. I literally wake up at night panicked because I had pictured this same scenario and he went into the water while everyone thought someone else was watching him. I am so paranoid when I visit them now  and watch my son like a hawk. I would like to think he/i will grow out of it, but there are always several deaths each year on this river/lake system and most are adults. So I don't think I will get over the paranoia anytime soon.
New car
Galatians 4:16 "Am I therefore become your enemy, because I tell you the truth?"
I'll.let you know if that ever happens
The merit of an idea is to be measured on the value of the idea itself. Not based on whether the individual who generates the is religious or not. That would be called prejudice, friend. Which is a cognitive shortcut for the intellectually lazy.
Organic isn't necessarily expensive at the grocery store.   It's just that prepared food is more expensive, and within prepared food, it's cheaper when it's not healthy because it's the easiest to mass produce with guaranteed enjoyment and therefore sales.
Yeah. But I know some people who attracted to both but they are trying to date with only guys or women’s. Maybe I just needed to make my question a little different.
Great parenting!
Yes! It’s easier to count on myself taking a pill vs someone else.
My mom was going to wait until later, but she got drunk on Christmas eve and announced to an entire restaurant that she had cancer. Way to break the news, mom!   (She is fine now.)
Trump
Moby Dick
I mean, until you fully trust your partner you should use condoms no matter what they’re on, male or female. The pill only protects against pregnancy and STDs and STIs exists. Part of the trust of going off condoms is also the trust of knowing the person is trustworthy in their birth control. If not, you’re just asking for a surprise pregnancy.
Given that the People's Republic of China is republican and evil, I am shocked that the Republican party in the U.S. continues to support and name themselves after that evil form of government.
Tubular Bells, Mike Oldfield, man what a great composition
Titanic.
>No. I’d do what brothers do and babysit my sister a bit and things like that, but I wouldn’t raise her as my own or put her under my wing. I’m in no way taking over the father role. Her mom is younger than my own girlfriend and, like we say in Venezuela “a lo hecho, pecho” which roughly translates to you take care of what you’ve done.  Based on this comment, he's most likely from Venezuela but moved to the US.
I guess you're not Weird Al.   Unless you ARE Weird Al but are lying about not loving Rocky Road to throw us off the scent.  I'm onto your tricks, Alfred Yankovic.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're asking a question that violates r/AskReddit's [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-)   DAE ("Does Anybody Else") questions and questions that can be answered with "yes" or "no" are not allowed in r/AskReddit. Try rephrasing your question to be more open ended, or submitting to one of the following subreddits:  - /r/polls - /r/DoesAnybodyElse - /r/DAE - /r/WhatIsThisThing   Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Help+Related+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/poxftb/does_anyone_else_enjoy_getting_into_arguments_on/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That's piss
You're more pathetic than a one-legged cat trying to bury a turd on a frozen pond.
about a year now
Take my medication.
Toy Story
As someone who likes fucking crazy girls, yes.
This is misinformation. The fractures she had are common injuries boxers while fighting.
I probably wouldn't try any others. I'm not that scared.  We don't have to do any of that. A free market works when allowed to. If they convince people to come out, they will. If not, they won't.
I came to make my own comment, but nothing can beat this one. Cheers.
Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard
Clearly you were not alive before the 00’s. That shit was fashionable back then.
Real.
The teriyaki beef noodles in the plastic square bowls
I want to share a friend’s story:   One evening him and his family were sleeping, when they heard a knock on the door around 2am. When they checked outside they noticed two police men outside, so they opened the door. The police basically told them that the dad was ran over by a car and died on the spot. As expected the family burst into tears, grabbed their things and drove to the morgue to identify the body. When they got there, they slowly walked to the room where the body was, hugging each other in tears, the people removed the cover. Suddenly they stopped crying and realized that the body wasn’t the dad. The morgue people baffled told them they found the wallet with the ID on his pocket.  Turns out, the dad went out of town that day and got mugged while waiting for his ride.The cellphone, his wallet and everything he had got taken away. The thief who ran away later got crushed by a car and died. Talking about fucking karma right there.   My friend went to therapy for quite a while.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[Pecker](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pecker_(film))  It’s a pretty good film, too.
If they drug effected the sperm rather than hormones. I don't want side effects.   But that doesn't make me a hypocrite because I don't expect women to take the pill. That's on them
But why?
I have been smoking for years and have tried just about every type and form of cannabis. It's important to know this question can't really be answered. Your body is unique and will react differently. In general we discuss marijuana highs on a spectrum from sedative to stimulative. The entourage effect from the unique terpene and cannabinoid profile of the varietal consumed will dictate where in the spectrum the high lands. Sedative highs feel like being sleepy, but not tired. Its most extreme it's called couch-lock because you are sunk into the couch and don't want to/ feel like you can't get up. These varietals treat pain and anxiety. On the other end of the spectrum you'll feel stimulated, creative, energetic, focused, even anxious. Those who have or are prone to anxiety will experience anxiety while consuming these varietals. The cross breeding of genetics has created plants with effects that dot the entire spectrum between these two points. As your tolerance scales up the effects become less pronounced. If you consume more than you're body can process (over dose) you will find a spot to curl and nap. Cannabis nor any of it's naturally occurring derivatives can kill you. If you're interested I recommend going to a legal store front buying marijuana flower and try one or two hits for a whole day. Each time you try it use just a little more than the last time, until you find your sweet spot.
Absolutely.  Assuming it is as effective as currently available options for women, I would -gladly- hold myself accountable instead of relying on trusting that my partner is not lying...yes there's a story there.  I would also strongly support and encourage using it *in addition to* women taking contraceptive and using condoms as an additional layer of protection.
You kidding? Absolutely! Not sure what exactly it would do, and that might change things, but there are very few reasons as to why I wouldn't.
A little motivation goes a long way, gonna try my best
Being robbed at gunpoint. Seemed like a movie till it was over then you just realize holy shit I almost died.
Season 1 was so great. Loved it.
2 fast 2 furious   Ride along   30 minutes or less  Wraith of a man  Train to Busan (word play needed)  Edge of Tomorrow (word play needed)  The good, the bad and the ugly  X men
Margaret Atwood ?
Did the dog die?  Because I refuse to watch any movie if a dog dies, I just can't handle that.
No. It's rare. 4 letters. You were close.
A quilting store.  Longarm quilting machines can cost as much as a new car
Netflix's Marco Polo. It was a pretty interesting show.  There's really not very many shows out there about Westerners in Asian countries during that time. And it left off on a KILLER cliffhanger.  Also Symbiotic Titan. That was a cool fucking show.
I don't understand why you would love a cage a death so much.   - motorcycle person
I'm an adult, I don't watch that shit
Live PD. Sadly not the only loss that month
No. I’ll stick to condoms. I don’t expect my partners to go on birth control because it’s so taxing on the body. I’m assuming male birth control would be the same.   I also don’t trust something designed to stop millions of sperm a day as much as something designed to stop one egg.
Don’t agree with you there but I will admit I think they killed off a bit to many characters
I want to know why a celebrity death would genuinely upset you?
If they weren’t unvaccinated, COVID wouldn’t typically drive them to the hospital.
We should "MARCO"/"POLO". We only do it about 2 times before we give up and text. However, if one of us has left our phone in the basket, there might be a couple more times. However, our market is small so, usually, we can find each other with only 1 time. It's kind of fun because other people jump in. LOL!
I never said Canada is the most healthy country, I said that you clearly see a difference when you land anywhere in America. Now, in regards to these stats I don't how both countries define obesity but I rarely see the 600-pounds-life ones in Canada. So there's definitely some skewing here or there because in one day anywhere I've been in America, I have probably seen more of those than what I see in 5 years in Canada.
1/500 = 0.2%
I just found a lump of shite in my coat pocket
Good quality pasta sauce.
Black Sunday is a fantastic album.  The intermission loop they sample from, "Is It Because I'm Black?" Is such a great groove.
Overruled
How cool Oregon trail was
Freaks and Geeks!
Lmao I don’t lie but good to know you got so triggered I got two full paragraphs in different comments 😂 moron cultist.
Either french fries or twice baked potatoes
You'd still get down votes from the jealous brigade!
They do it to make money. Isn't that obvious? What else would be the motivation? "I  really like scamming people. I even deferred my salary."
There are untold amounts of shitty rapper names but “A boogie wit a hoodie” has got to be the worst.
How exciting!!!
It tastes very sweet
Confidence and her not being able to read how you truly feel about her
Yeah they’re pretty bad. I always hoped for an MMORPG in that universe but the developers are too stupid to handle the pressure and skill required.
Yes there is a book. I watched the movie first and the read the book for fun. It’s just so different from the movie and in the movie it’s basically just the characters and a few plot points from the original. Still a way good movie though
Dropped out of a few post secondary programs after finding out the job prospects after graduation were total garbage. Found myself a nice unionized job that offers full benefits and pension, all with being a 5 minute walk away. So yea, I'd say it was worth it
Shhhhh be nice,  he's just a leaf
vasectomy at early age, reverse when you’re ready to have a child, if ever.
No, I’ll stick to condoms
Thinking about my life
Me too babe, me too…
"Wrong turn"
Fetlife
I'm sorry to hear about your dad. Media definitely prays on the fear of people, and I do think the elderly are the most susceptible. It's very sad.
Millionaire - Queens of the Stone Age  https://youtu.be/UC5XbyV4OFE
About a boy
Give you up
Sure. If that's your standard of fairness. Mine is that each of them should be treated equally by the tax collector to the actual numerical amount.
Objection
Taylor swift
Some dude was keeping girls' bodies in 55gal drums on his farm.
Sense8 on Netflix. It was a fresh concept and I was really enjoying the show. :(
It's happening right now.
House.
cognitive dissonance
Life
Gamma
It’s fine bro I will look it up.
I am a machine that dispenses money in the form of banknotes to account-holders.  Oh wait...sorry...I thought you said "What's your job, ATM?"
Would it be rude of me to ask you to share it? Only if you’re comfortable with it of course!
It's not though because I don't actually tell these people I wish death on them.  Be less dramatic..... Honestly. It's not like I'm walking around telling people that I wish death upon them. If you or any other person thought that is what was happening.... I'm not the one who needs help. I think I am actually one of the good ones because I keep my terrible thoughts to myself around people, where as most humans now do not.  I am perfectly fine, and LOVE what I see when I look in the mirror. Honestly, you've got the wrong guy here.
Dr House!!!!!!
Wouldn't that depend on the woman? In my experience women are often attracted to a man that is confident and has his shit in one sock. Also how a man treats his mom is a big factor. I'm talking about mature women that aren't full of shit and playing games.
No one is killin me boys but the great Lord above.
Probably  a camera. When you think about it the idea of capturing real life moments to mere images sounds so impossible plus the color reproduction these days is just mindblowing.
I come up with shorthands as much as I can.  Management becomes Magt, Water becomes H2O, approximately/estimated becomes either ~ or esti, etc, etc. That allows me to take effective noted *quickly* during a meeting.   The more important thing is to note ideas, leads to follow, resources to look into, etc, etc. Chances are good that what was *said* is important but the more important thing is looking for ways to effectively *use* that information given.
The Boss Baby
Giving up parental rights isn't easy in the slightest where it's allowed. It took years for my shitty stepbrother to get his ex to agree and sign off. It only worked out because she was remarried and doing well financially.  Meanwhile one of my former friends pays support and never sees his kid because he can't terminate his rights in any capacity other than giving up custody/visitation.   If we had better social programs and infrastructure that actually elevate people from poverty, a good portion of this issue would be solved thru better access to care and prevention - which abortions are a part of.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "Why do people _______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. You can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended, or find a new sub at r/findareddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pubic Thunder
Shitting
David Attenborough the man's a living Saint
They don’t, but it sounds like they’re not in a position to be okay if they find out they can’t work the next day
I wear a belt. My pants certainly won't fall down with out it but it provides a more snug feel plus I feel it looks more complete with a belt in spite of leaving my shirt untucked.   Not to mention, all I wear is jeans so suspenders and jeans sorta clash but I have nothing against suspenders. Of course if I was really in the mood for a nonstandard look, I'd be open to the idea of wearing suspenders with my jeans.
I would lick Bathsheba’s farts
I would oddly remove all currencies and make 1 currency called credits....
Misread that as fleshlight 👁👄👁
Mine was a cool dude, too. He let me sit up and take a photo at one point.
Some of us believe earth is flat
Just add using namespace std, whats the big deal?
I’d need to write a list to prepare myself for all the things I’d do but for starters… I’d rid everyone of any injury or disease, fix the ozone layer as if it were brand new, and cut the human population by half
If it didn't fuck with my hormones, then yeah. Otherwise no.  I understand that women's contraceptives fuck with their hormones, I don't know if I'd take it if I was a woman either.
***NEVER CHEAP OUT ON TIRES***  That extra $10-$20 per tire you're saving by cheaping out might seem like a lot up front, but those cheaper tires will wear faster, be noisier, and in certain cases prematurely fail.  I got conned into some cheap tires back 10 years ago.  Within 2 years, 3 of them had blown the sidewall off (one happened first, then the other two happened in the same week).  It was not an alignment issue.  I run nothing but Pirelli and Mickey Thompson now.
Same with me on the Zambezi River. Water don't fuck around at all.
Get some sleep before birth
> I don’t want to live the rest of my life like this.   This is my biggest worry now. We all know when you give the government an inch, they take a mile.   Looking at Australia is wild. If you’re vaccinated you get 1 entire extra hour of out door activity. They’re flying helicopters around telling people to stay inside. It’s terrifying
The "election" of Joe Biden....hes pretty much fuxked up everything hes touched in his first 8 months and now we r a laughing stock on the world stage after his disaterous afgan pull out which has made the entire planet less safe ...he handed over 84 billion worth of high tech us military equipment..placed unvetted afgans all over the entire world...and put the taliban back in power and rebuilt isis and embolden the worlds enemies.  Joe Biden didn that in a matter of 3 days....thats gotta be some kind of record.
Taxes are a very secure means of data transfer. It's why we have people fax info like birth certificates and social security cards. An email can be intercepted, and the originator of the email can make themselves look like an official source.
corruption
Not anymore. Val hired a new one.
If this ever happened to me, I would literally leave the meal and Google and make an appointment with a therapist.
Monica Lewinsky.
Oh god im sad now. Loved that telanovella ep, me and my mums favourite.
No it’s furrow intense and proliferates.
It’s a three year old account so
Peter North
You want to save money and try to "fix" something yourself? You can either totally damage the thing, or you can be electrocuted/crushed/whatever else.
I don't have cable and my *switch during commercials" work around is 3 Firesticks and a PC that I use for Plex and streaming. I can get 4 programs going at once and use the INPUT on my remote to flip around to each stick.
Betty White. But I was pretty much inured to celebrity death being a GenX music fan - we lost Kurt Cobain, Layne Staley, Shannon Hoon, and then Amy Winehouse, Prince, George Michael, Chris Cornell, etc. I got super sad when Anthony Bourdain committed suicide, bc he seemed like the kind of person we need more of in this world and the worst ones always seem to live forever.
Pure, unadulterated evil.
In my case, it wasn't that I thought I could do better but that I was only beginning to appreciate the reasons I felt we were compatible in high school and that further down the line, after we'd gotten older and more mature, it would be totally clear. I was right.
god bless you.
I bought a cheap battery terminal.  Left me stranded on the highway at 2am.
Does horniness go with it or are you doomed to eternal, unquenchable horny?
Cus the babes are back
Cancel my student loans please
The glory of going to Blockbuster and renting a movie or maybe even an N64 game if you're feeling spicy.
My husband and my in laws are all vaxxed. I am not vax due to my reactions to shots in the past (I got the flu shot and I ended up in the hospital a day later on a morphine drip) but I always wear a mask, use sanitizer when out in public, wash my hands with soap and water, and try to stay at least 6 ft apart from anybody out in public.
Reposting.
Thankfully it's just my feet that are clumsy, lol. I'm good with my hands. As far as being okay, too many things. But I mainly wish my frame of mind was better. Then I would be a lot happier and more successfully productive.
Lemon pepper or garlic lemon at wingstop.
Ha I expected this to be top
That every choice I've made up till now were the best choices I could've made, and the life I'm living is the best I could've made it. And I'm finally starting to believe it.
Speaking your mind
OP has lived a charmed life.  Do you know when a person likes mice or rats and thinks they’re so cute has lived quite the charmed silver spoons life no offense
OP is out here answering "ok." To people's responses as if he is granting their wish like some sort of death deity.
No I'm not forgetting to switch accounts I'm meaning to comment this. So far at my school someone stole soap dispensers, mirrors, a bathroom stall wall, and now a fucking sink
Forever
Um.. we're sorry but you are banned from this place...now move along.
I was looking for this one.  I miss that show so much, though I do rewatch it often.
Zack and Miri Make a Porno?
What kind of batshit logic is this lol. This is the same as if we don’t test numbers will go down.
Depends on the side effects. Almost every prescription pill has side effects.
Skydiving.
GOT EEM! Again!!! Ha ha haaa  He walked into it like he walked into..  Deez big ol NUTZ
Yes, no desire for kids and a desire to... You know.
Absolutely.
I found some shit I never, ever, wanted to see. It’s easy to fantasize about concepts but it’s an entirely different thing to get so close to the real thing. Really shows you just how depraved people can be.
OK, so death by laughing gas it is!
No, I'm gay.  y'all should though!
TRUUUE. Although I have heard the newer seasons are better
True Grit
Anybody who doesn't think China bad is a biased bot  Chinese people working in America are lying when they say they prefer China because it's actually an evil genocidal dictatorship
And now we don't even need to synchronize. As long as we're in the same time zone, my 1:00 is your 1:00.  I wonder if what's wrong with life these days is that there are too many certainties, which makes us less patient with anything uncertain, like whether my 1:00 is your 1:03.
Ugh, no, please no more useless centrists.
The wrong one. She was closer
Medium, or hot   No silly bullshit, classic is classic for good reason in this case.
Practice whatever instruments handy, scroll, and play games.
ITT: Person who hates fat people gives shitty excuses as to why he doesn't hate fat people, which in turn prove he hates fat people.
Self loathing
Bruno Mars?
I agree
I'd say selfish plays a part because it seems like they just cannot grasp the notion that someone would willingly do something solely for the benefit of other people.   It just doesn't register.
I have had just two, I am not embarrased
Yup! It's a must see movie 💯
I’d be happy with that as long as they pay their own bills and are not given any more handouts by the state. It is obscene that children in the UK are going hungry and without basic needs met while the Royals are handed millions every year despite their massive, ‘private’ wealth. Not saying that they are the reason for those children going without, but it does not help.
This sentence makes zero sense.   You don't need birth control if you use birth control?  Genius!
Aquaman.
The timing, set up, equipment, and details of my forthcoming suicide.
And you have the gaul to lecture others about discourse. Everyone here sees you as a joke, fyi
I'm almost 50.  Nature has done its thing on most of the women I sleep with now.  No need for contraception after they go through " the change".
The moral of the story: Don’t play tennis.
Slip in the stair and broke both of my legs. I immediately passed out.
Thomas Sanders.  His vine collections show a lot of creativity.
I'd put a spell on myself that makes me die.
Is this an American thing because in my country I can remember only one guy over the age of 10 who couldn't tell the time on analog clocks, and he got a lot of WTF looks
No.  I’ve already had a vasectomy.
As long as you get thru today, your life will be OK.  Technically it's not a lie. But on the long term it is, it's just about willpower but when u think long term that's a lot of days without choking someone out for being stupid.
Listening to my moms breathing rattle in her final days batting ling/brain cancer. I’ll never forget that sound and I just really hope that me being there with her made it less painful.
Look up jap scat
But it's not the worst, just my regret.
Ass logs
Nice try, investigative reporter.
To see the paradise
The Adkins diet. Lost 40 pounds and kept it off for 5 years. Changed my life for sure.
Dumpin' a shitload of hellfire on anyone who has oil, then coming in, planting our flag and declaring "Aight fuckfaces this'a demo-cracy now" while driving an M1A2 Freebrams through someones house
Jeez those panties. Well looks cute but irl sexy factor 0/10 for the exact reasons you mention.
No its not. You do so many things that have higher chances of death daily, such as driving a car, but you do it without a single thought every single day.
lmao I’m taking t blockers and estrogen I don’t think my sex sausage is gonna work that great
The FIFA World Cup
Dildo.....
There was myself, my brother in a tent about 25 m away. The PH was about 200m away in another tent on. The other side of the camp. There were 3 or 4 camp staff but they came in in the morning and left after supper. My brother felt the same as I did, the PH claims he slept through it which he probably did. He also assured me it was very unlikely the lion would eat me which did nothing to calm my fears. I did have a rifle but a scoped rifle in close quarters at night is not much of a comfort.
 >But what else are you supposed to do when you're music promoter Cliff Davis and the band you're contractually obligated to promote has just disintegrated due to the musicians' drug problems and sleeping with each others' wives   You could go your own way   ^go ^your ^own ^wa^a^y
He is a good man.
Olives. Straight from the jar. Salty and juicy. Nom.
Reading other comments, im the only other person to ignore it. It's not even on my mind. Had both jabs, never wear a mask. Go to the gym and work every day. I see maybe 2 or 3 people in my supermarket with masks and no-one on public transport. Either my area doesn't care, or people on here are too afraid to say that they don't care.
LOL well actually I did get someone pregnant one time but…
That's more a measure of emotional instability than a measure of a food's quality.
Sounds cliche but becoming a dad. My daughter is 10 months old and my wife is pregnant with our second child. I am full of fear that, for whatever reason (accident, disease, etc) that time with my children will be cut short. I am not scared of much else, but this petrified me on a daily basis. I want to see them grow up and experience life.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/poxeyr/why_are_you_unhappy_maybe_someone_can_help_or_you/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That moment when you hand over your money, and she says "Alright ramblers, let's get rambling"
No, I have a vasectomy.
I don’t think this is the place for personal ads bud
No, I just use condoms, I think a barrier method is better option as it prevents pregnancy and std’s and has no side affects for either partner .
A moment of silence for all the perfectly functioning cell phones that are lost forever due to network changes.
Apple will allow you to install an update on an older phone they know it will run on - I made this mistake once on an older phone and started the update - halfway through it bricks the phone because the phone was too old. Phone dead.  I complained at the Apple store, this is your phone and your operating system, it’s not a random phone and OS, this is all in-house. Didn’t work though...
Seinfeld
Why would I not ?
No, just someone's joke
Some of my guinea pig's paper bedding.
Top gun ….
what the fuck
The Southern Baptist Church.
Haggis (where I was raised)  Hating Australians in rugby, extreme racism and violence, terrible crime, in Africa (where I was born)
Smoking everywhere.
Absolutely. As much as I love my son, I couldn't handle any more kids
Slowly.  It's a change to your whole world view, it should be dealt with with calm reflection.  Calm takes a while.
Lol "a sizeable portion"
Because if we're all fat and okay with it then nobody will make us feel bad for being fat.
I was at work and lowering a steel cable off the side of a building and I had told one of my coworkers to stand on the one end and not move until all the slack was out of the cable. About 30 seconds into lowering it, I had to stop to attach something to it, the guy got a phone call and stepped away while I wasn’t holding on. Suddenly, I had 300 coiled up feet of steel cable come spooling down the side of the building and when most of the slack came out it spun the structure it was attached to sideways and snapped tight . The cable came right across my face but luckily only hit the little puffball on top of my hat and cut it clean in half. If I were a few inches taller it would have cut the top of my head clean off
People be better in general
Ah OK that makes sense.
Bill Murray, he’s just so cool
Sushi
Thom Yorke indefinitely
Let it go   frozen ruined my first and only talent show in 3rd grade, everyone and their mom sang it, but me and a few others actually did shit involving talent, because of how many people was singing let it go, they decided not to do prizes or any thing to say who was the best.
>More people unvaccinated means more likelihood for the virus to mutate. More mutations means higher chances for variants that the vaccin is less effective against.  This is backwards.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vaccine_resistance  Who is feeding you this shit?
Well then I challenge you, start Monday.
My wife’s grandfather just had a baby with his significantly younger wife haha hes 82
Zack and Miri make a porno
TV shows that don't end too early go on too long. Fireflies are just larval Fonzies.
2Pac
Punk Rock Girl by The Dead Milkmen.
tyy!
I haven't seen it mentioned and I'm too tired of scrolling looking for it, so I'll say: Bojack Horseman! Apparently Netflix didn't like that the studio making it was unionizing,   but the show was so popular that they gave them 1 more season to finish up the story. It was supposed to go longer than it did, and it kind of got a non ending because they didn't have the time they needed to do the planned ending.
Casual racism
That's a mothofukin contradictory loop
Trump
9/11 was an inside job
a lunch out with her?
Hell yeah, a bit because I think this shouldn't be the sole responsability of a women, but mostly because I want to grow boobs
Home cake decorator
Yeah.
It was larger whenever she was around.
When I farted in my drama class while we were doing a silent skit
Ate a bunch of pot stickers, and then fell back asleep.  Yuck, I don't feel very good.
I've assisted with a few vasectomies, and the way the patient grunts when the Doc grabs the vas deferens with the clamp.... ooh, makes me nervous to get my own.  They say it's the same feeling of being hit in the balls.  And it happens twice =/
fish
I'm 24, I'm too old to waste my time everyday. I moved closer to work precise for that reason and now I have to walk for 3 minutes to get to work.
>I agree that queen Elizabeth is an amazing person.  Why? Seems very average to me as a person.
Yeah I’ve noticed.  Nearly everyone I know now has gotten it.  Both vaccinated and unvaccinated.
A vibrator, she’ll love it!
I live in Minnesota, and I seem to recall that the "Land of 10,000 Laws" has one indicating that only a barber was allowed to shave a person's head bald. I was in a play where it was easier to shave my head than do a bald wig, but it was difficult to get some areas, so a friend helped. THEY WERE NOT A BARBER.
And the more rural areas are dying.  There is a general migration to more populated areas.  Maybe with remote work becoming more a thing, small towns similar to the old industrial towns can come back.    I love small towns.  They're nice.
You can sleep with someone trustworthy who forgets a pill
Yes , I have a horror story, one of my crazy exes stopped taking her BC on purpose to try and get pregnant and have me forever when we were going thru tough times.  Let’s just say I’m now a HAPPY single father with a handsome son ☺️
I'm bracing myself for Masako Nozawa, the Japanese voice actor for Goku. She's currently 84 😬🥺
Oh my God! They killed Corallia_fluff! Those bastards!
>Biologically men are stronger and bigger than women, that doesn't go away or change if you're transgender  That's literally the entire purpose of medically transitioning.  Yall are uneducated and it shows
You’ll find something dude
Bueno
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nailed it. I tried to introduce in to my wife recently and watching with her was cringing through the first episode. It’s a shame because it had so many moments and was so strong so many times but is so bloody sexist
Well join me when you are free
You have got this!
Where was this?
Babies must be high on the list
Fall asleep forever
Last year, one morning I was looking at my phone when driving my car(yeah stupid). Then suddenly I went off the road for a good 50 meters until I got myself back on the road. Later went to check the spot and I was just 10 meters away from hitting a big tree which propably would have been the end of me. This alone was scary.   Later that day, I got to know that my grandmom had died right around the same time as I almost hit that tree. You can say that was just a coinsidence but for me, my grandmom turned into my guardian angel when I needed it the most.
thanks!
Potentially yes. It merely states that *any* alcohol consumption affects the brain negatively. So fruit would be no exception. However, there is a large difference between drinking wine, and eating say, a banana. Even Non alcoholic beer still contains trace amounts of alcohol in it, but it might even contain more than a ripe banana.   Yes, there are sources that suggest that moderate alcohol consumption is beneficial, However, as I already stated, there are many other ways to gain these benefits, and probably in greater forms too. For instance, light cardio, a few times a week would be more beneficial than sitting back and cracking open a brewski... obviously.   And if you were thinking of "micro dosing" alcohol, then you have already stated that fruits and other foods/drinks already have trace amounts of alcohol in them, so it would still be better to just not do it.
Roseanne
Commented this below as well, but the amount of myths and misinformation sorrounding this breed is staggering, so...  Pitbull biting power is actually surprisingly average. Nearly equal to a Labrador. Huskies, dobermans, bulldogs, and German Shepards for example all have more PSI in their bites than pitbulls.  Pitbulls are also often mistaken for other breeds that do have more powerful bites such as a Cane Corso or Rottweilers, etc.   There are a lot of myths sorrounding them and they're often made out to be villains because of ignorance. They're also some of the most tolerant dogs, right behind labs in that category as well.   https://breedingbusiness.com/dog-breeds-with-the-strongest-bite-force/
When they're doing something with their arms and you can see their forearm muscles moving. Fucks me up everytime
I saw a musician playing guitar on the street a few weeks ago, he had a card machine
Hotel room. There’s nothing like feeling clean after your shower in a hotel.
Don’t listen to cringy motivational “Be happy” quotes or paragraphs.  Telling me “you’ll never stop being miserable if you don’t try to stop” just makes me feel more miserable
Дальнобойщики 2
Yahoo
12 angry men
Amazon giftcard. Starbucks if she drinks coffee. Sephora if she's into makeup.
That time at the Academy when I had to do some bullshit test about rescuing some junked freighter in the Klingon Neutral Zone or something.
Who?
I'm just a poor boy
Baby don’t hurt me…
Thank you.
NFTs are a SCAM, you don't think the people that would make a coin to scam people would make a coin that enabled NFTs in order to scam people?  I explained why they are a scam, you are buying NOTHING, although with this advanced technology you can verifiably prove that you bought it with 100% certainty.  If you don't want to believe it then that's on you, also, I have a bridge to sell you. It's in NFT format so it must be valid right?
Only comment on this question and it is exactly what I was coming to say 🤣
well i hate myself so..
Play a chess app that has an AI player.
Revenge
No. I would not mess with my endocrine system
The Smashing Pumpkins name would be hugely improved if they just removed the "The"  What are THE Smashing Pumpkins?   Smashing Pumpkins alone makes way more sense  Unless they means smashing in a posh British way like "that is absolutely smashing darling" and how pumpkin is sometimes used similarly to honey or babe,
Teriyaki
My lower back
Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II.  She's been the British monarch for almost the entirety of the post-WW2 era. She's as synonymous with "the modern world" as it's possible for any one human to be. She's seen empires wax and wane, including her own, and has been a valuable part of maintaining the current world order... even if only in a small way.  The world will feel very different when she leaves us. Not only will her passing be a sad occasion in itself, for sentimental reasons, but - with a stagnant US and a rising China - i believe i believe her death will herald an end to the current world order.
Jup!
I really liked terranova
F
Hey man, thanks for posting this. I'm 26 and currently waiting on insurance stuff to clear (my awesome extremely successful wife bagged a killer position at a fancy company) to get my balls chopped.   I'm scared of it like I am with any operation. Doubly so due to it being with my bits.   It has to happen, though. While I don't have any illusions about it increasing the frequency of sex or anything, I do think it's the right thing to do to keep my wife feeling good and avoid the awful side effects of BC and the terrible fear of unplanned pregnancy.   We don't plan on having kids and I feel so awful about how this country handles women's reproductive healthcare (if not healthcare in general). It's in a wretched state and I know I need to bite the bullet and have it done. Posts like these make it seem much less daunting.   Anyway, that's the way I want it to go down. I don't want a big interview with the doctor, I don't want to talk with anyone about it, I just want to go and get it over with. Rip those things off like two oblong bandaids.
You must be from south Jersey
Michael Caine.  Almost feels like he is my grandad after seeing him so much over the years
A girl once bragged to me about how some other guy she was seeing wanted her to suck his toes then tried to take my socks off. I was so grossed out I dropped the bi\*ch.
As someone who had it done. I was back to banging full time 4 days later. I wasn’t safe yet but everything was on deck 100%
Effective in what way? Certainly not in preventing illness.
Fyodor Dostoevsky  Crime and Punishment, The Brothers Karamazov, The Gambler, The Idiot, and on and on.  Even his essays were phenomenal. Read The Slavery of Our Time, if you want to fully understand how relevant this man's thinking was, even today.
https://journals.plos.org/plosbiology/article/info:doi/10.1371/journal.pbio.1002198  The science doesn’t agree with you, chud
At being in first place for every negative statistic
/r/woooosh/
So that's the actual meaning? I found mixed definition on Urban Dictionary.
Nope. Had a vasectomy at 26 and haven’t looked back. $850 one time, zero problems.
In the 90s he started selling products online out of his garage and it slowly transformed into one of the largest companies in the world
Yes.. That's.. Literally the point... Of what I posted
That sounds an awful lot like my sister. She's younger than me and my parents have tolerated every mean thing she's ever done to me simply because "she's a girl" or "she's younger than you". Fast forward 20 years she's trying to undermine my relationship, talking shit about me to my friends behind my back and doing every single thing she can do to make my life worse.
Saving privates, Ryan
Bandit is setting an awesome high standard for dads, and ive learned a few things
The queen or any other "immortal" celebrity (there's at least 1 in my country). It will be that "It finally happened" moment for so many including myself.
O . O
That's very specific and very interesting. What made you decide on that?
I’ll die on this hill. Sweaters. Good sweaters (I prefer wool). Much warmer, longer lasting, comfier.
The trailer is like "Im still gay and by myself over here" lol
Girl here, I would trust both of these above any kind of device.  After I had my second child they pitched me on a this new coil device that would make me infertile surgery free. They put coils in your fallopian tubes and they would expand and create scar tissue and no more babies.  Nothing about this sounded ok to me so I said no thank you.  5 years later there was a class action law suit and now there are thousands of women in severe chronic pain.  This is just kind of a PSA since I was shocked at how they are able to just try and sell you on this kind of stuff without it going through the same kind of testing new meds and procedures do.  Edited: spelling
I’m allergic to sun, I have PMLE, it’s manageable with antihistamines and skin hardening, so building up a base tan very very gradually before going on a holiday where I’ll be in the sun. Even then I still usually come up with a little rash. It can be truly truly horrendous if I don’t.
School Shootings
No. I don’t think BC is good for men or women. My personal opinion. I think it fucks with the hormones in the body and I just don’t think it’s a good thing. That being said, I have a vasectomy and that is easily reversible. I did it so my ex wife wouldn’t have to continue taking BC.
Average age of federal elected officials is more like 60.  Biden is an outlier, and he's only there because the alternative was a mentally ill wannabe despot.  But the president does not "rule" in the US.  That's not how republics work.
Sure thing :)
Rich fo sho, I don’t even want to be a celebrity
Gin
“…Because I’m free, free ballin”
All of it is false and there are even 4 lies.  I'mallergic to meats but can eat seafruits and nobody seems to understand how you can be allergic to meat. I'm accepting the truth.  I'm attracted to guys I accept that aswell but my father is homophobic.  And my father is abusive and my mother basicially enables it so I despise them and nothing is going to change that, ever.
Sky dive without a parachute
The problem with COVID is not that it uses *some* hospital resources, it's that too many people suffering from the same infectious disease *at the same time* exhausts the hospitals resources. To my knowledge, it has never been the case that a hospitals resources were pushed to their maximum capacity by a sudden influx of obesity related illnesses. Hospitals can handle obese patients because it takes time for obesity to kill. COVID can wreck your cardiovascular system in days.
Now why would you assume that? Lol
It's more that I make good money and have bills/child support, becoming an apprentice again would be a huge pay cut.
No, it’s not. Basically all studies are showing that sometimes viral loads can be as high at breakthrough but they drop much, much quicker limiting the time of contagiousness.
> I just looked it up earlier this summer and the results made it very clear there’s no definitive ending and it isn’t confirmed that Tony died.  Congratulations on all your research but the [creator literally referred to it as the death scene](https://nypost.com/2020/06/11/sopranos-creator-accidentally-spoils-final-scene/) so yes, it is confirmed that Tony died.
I am very similar to Enoch when playing video games, I never die  Enoch was one of only two people in the Bible never to die, he was lifted up into heaven instead
I love Spicy Garlic at BWW.
I mean, why not? If you're a good straight guy and would never hurt a bug then you're a catch to all. 💜😊💜
A suitcase with a solar module, a phone and a charger also a portable data base with all of Wikipedia with adapters. You can say that's cheating, but I say it's an object.
Cheese
Fresh wedge fries with the skin on, smothered in chili and cheese.
You choose cheap products that poison you or don't work
I'm sorry that our society instilled that fear in you.  Your words perfectly describe the consequences of our collective fear of death.  "All I avoided was was the last chance to watch them live." I'm  sorry for your losses and I'm sorry you are still carrying around that sadness and guilt.    But please let go of the guilt and hold the good memories you have of your grandparents even closer.  And pass on what you have learned about being there for our loved ones at the end of their life to your friends and other family members.    We live and we make mistakes and we learn from those mistakes and we grow and become  better people.  Not all of our mistakes are our own, but result from  attitudes we are taught by our culture.  And fear of death and the process of dying is taught to us.   Be kind to your self, and I hope you can find a way to work through your feelings that lead peace in your heart.
How about a anti std pill ?
Why not?
Oh my gosh :,)
Pretty sure I read. somewhere that it’s because that all of the pelvic muscles when a girl (who squirts) is having an orgasm just give out and in turn leads to piss coming out.. but most of the time is mostly clear? But it is indeed piss
Like the Sonic movie? You do know that the animation studio went out of business because they had to scrap everything and restart? You know time and labor cost money right?  This is the stupidest theory nest to flat earth. Seriously. If your work was trashed and you were to lose even more money by releasing it than by fixing it, you wouldn't do jack shit?
What's the saying? "Cure the disease, kill the patient" Well bleach might just do that
clogging our arteries with amazing fast food
Fantastic Breasts And Where To Find Them
Found tones and I's alt account
he got shot at while he was at the Cairo airport.
This is some Equilibrium type shit. I bet it happens.
Rookie 😂
It’s the most evil regime of our time. Their crimes and scandals are way too many and they’re only growing more powerful by the day. They’re simply bad news.
Funnily enough, that's my favourite time to fly.
Good boots. Trust me.
Its even better if you umagine its an old irish pub
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **Threads that limit the number of words are not allowed**, because they tend to limit discussion by requiring few words.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. You will need to rephrase and resubmit your question.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Low... very very low.
William Henry Harrison
Oh, I think those are two different quotes. I like yours.
Guy driving a Prius  You don't fuck with those guys, they've got nothing to prove
The cast of Trollhunters: wizards
You tell them you don't appreciate the way they provide feedback and they tell you to quit being a pussy
I didn’t say it proves it.
S
I think i wouldn’t hate being a celebrity since i’d just be a recluse-type celebrity that rarely is spotted in public but i would much much much rather be rich than be famous
The Grand Tour.
Nothing. I would rather you put a gun to my head and fire.
This happened 4 days ago. It was Saturday night and I had plans to go out to the college football game. Before heading out I meet my friends at their place for the pregame (Note: I haven’t drank for over 6 months but whenever I do drink it takes a lot to get drunk, M22.). I get to his house and probably over the course of an hour me and a friend take 6 shots each. I get to the game buzzing hard and over the course of the game I buy three beers for myself. The game ends, we win and had to go and celebrate.  After leaving the game, we walked to a bar near by where a buddy of mine works. So of course I got free drinks from him and bought drinks through out the time I was there. At some  point at the bar I completely black out, I don’t remember what happened, who I saw, when we left, I was a complete shit show and pushed my boundaries way past the limits. I think we were at the bar for like two hours before going back to my buddies house.  Apparently we got back to his house it was roughly 1:30 AM and I don’t have much memory of this but according to my friend, we were just chilling in his back yard winding down, when suddenly I just tell him I’m walking home. So my not really drunk friends just lets me walk home complete obliterated.  I’m not sure how I got home where I walked but I have the faintest memory (or dream, I can’t differentiate if it happened or not) of playing volleyball with random people. I think based on drunk texts I got home at around 4:50 AM, so I have 3ish hours I have no clue what happened.  I woke up the next day and I couldn’t find my keys or my wallet(RIP), but I had some random person ID on the ground but I was alone in my room. So I had a shit ton of questions like: Did I come home with someone?, where are my keys and wallet, how did I get home and inside with out my keys?, etc. So I was in shambles that morning. So I call my friend to go to the bar to see if my shit was returned. Turns out my keys were but no wallet :/. I later check my phone to see if there was any evidence of where I went and how I got home and I didn’t find any thing on my phone. I’m still working to get the other person’s ID back (in contact just gotta meet them), my wallets gone forever which is so sad cause I have had the thing for over 15 years so it’s sad to part ways, and lastly I’m now forever scarred by drinking from how scared I was the next morning of not being able to account for myself for over 4 hours.  TLTR: Drank too much, blacked the fuck out, can’t account for how I got home or where I was for 3ish hours, scariest night of my life cause IDK what I did or what I said to people
Insanely cheap stuff
My Dad was given a chance to speak about a town's election for like 7 seconds.. And the news company got his name wrong when it was shown on TV
Hitler was a neat freak.
Worcestershire, mainly because I like the name.
I already do. Look up Trestolone Acetate.
The only reason not to would be if it caused the individual unfortunate side effects, like it does for some women. I wouldn't hesitate to try it, and then see how it goes from there.
Im just going to keep this tabbed
Onion soup
Good one
Supermarket
Yes. I think if both men and women took a pill we could have transporter tech by now
Not... slept.
The fear of rejection in terms of seeking a new relationship.   How I overcame it is through remembering that there are many other people who would align to my personality and wants. I also believe that there is no one person out there for you that rather you choose to be with a specific person because you’re able to see a long term future with me because of AB and C.
Stay a while, down the aisle, killer style
Are you a freakin hobbit?!
30 years
Near Gatlinburg?
I have family members who are anti vax, I’ve had real life conversations with ant vaxers. There is literally no way to properly deal with these people. How is someone supposed to respect and engage in good faith with someone going on about spike proteins? Sure, mocking them might not be productive, but considering there is no productive way to engage these people what difference does it make?
Movie: Highlander 2 is generally considered to be the worst sequel ever. Also just the worst movie ever.
Lisa Simpson
I've been drinking mountain dew on this premise. Is there an easier way ?
I'd never take one and I'd never ask a woman to, either.
Resoundingly negative.
If fresh baked, soft. If packaged, hard
That they are not an actual communist country
Bruh. That what I was expecting to hear but I know some people that attracted to both, trying to date with only guys or women’s. Maybe I just needed to make my question a little different.
DDoomer
Well. It literally forced me to upvote it.
As long as my dick doesn’t fall off. Why not?
https://www.cnn.com/2021/09/15/health/us-coronavirus-wednesday/index.html  664,000 x 500 = 332M
Taken 1, 2 and indeed 3.
Marshall
I'm pretty sure Stanley Kubrick made a movie about this...
Since covid i.e. 2019
Alcohol of course.
Norm Macdonald hit me hard today. I was hoping him and Adam Eget would do another season of their show. Didn't even know he was sick! Damn man...
Taking care of my self.
Varies depending on the strain. Indicas can have a heavy, narcotic, couch lock high. Sativas can have a cerebral, euphoric, creative high.
It totally depends on a girl.  It can be classic chocolates+flowers combo, a book, any accessory she may enjoy, even a bottle of wine. Whatever she likes.
I still have to push my car to start it.
The firm
Hormonally transitioning makes them biologically female. Hence the name transsexuals
Sorry :(
We have poor impulse control.   We would have always been fat if they didn't inundate us with uppers and nicoteen.
If you want a bigger banana eat more bananas. I think that should replace an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
> Often the responsibility of contraceptives is slid onto women because we have pills.  Like, if your partner is demanding sex without a condom and you have problems with pills, you may have problems in your relationship.   If he's being shitty about condoms, but demands you take the pill, maybe he's not right for you.   You absolutely *can* have a healthy sex life without a shitty partner who bitches about wearing a condom.
/thread
Sure would. Though, already got clipped, so no need personally.
Strip Twister with your grandparents. Nothing beats a saggy Testicle or Breast hanging in your face.
DOOM soundtracks and music like [this](https://youtu.be/eASsS4qYsnE)
I loved this show and was super pissed when they cancelled it
Everyone in It's Always Sunny
Brokeback Mountain
Google’s a game changer
Had a road trip with some friends and were driving for too long, I fell asleep and then the driver fell asleep. We crash in the highway againt the divider. We got out OK but the car was a mess.
Polo g. So much talent there but he still gang banging. Its just an endless cycpe of violence and all that comes from it is death. Hope he comes to his senses.among othera such as lil tjay and fivio foriegn.
Extra legroom on a long flight.
\*Girls looking around snickering\*   "You think he is gonna take it"   The clock strikes 9 and all the guys raised a, recently filled, pint as they salute their nearest brothers, swallow their pill and chokes the beer!   In the calm that is those precious 20 seconds of low rumbling gulping, the girls each and everyone chooses their mate for the evening.      Now all the boys need to do is finish up and find their destiny of the night.
Of course, the correct answer is "Pizza"...but carry on suggesting other foods as well.
Yeah I don’t see why not. I want kids but if it helped not have kids I don’t see why not.
Yes. For the reason that female contraceptive pills are such a mine field. Like i dont think iv ever met a woman who has found the 'perfect pill' its always got some bad side effects. Its the least i could do really.  The female pill just disrupts a cycle of hormones in one of a number of ways. This almost always sends said hormones into an imbalance that the body rarely seems to like. A male pill would likely inhibit one of the componant parts of seman which is an ongoing process and have less to no side effects.  Plus my son was born on the pill sooo.... be careful kids!
Can I pay you a small royalty per celebrity to get in on the action?
Mini Cooper convertible, black with brown interior
I'm a few years older than you and the problem I find is that women my age can't keep up and all seem like they are just done with life. But also think about the problem that you're mom has and don't want to mess up someone else's life if I have declining health down the road.
XDDDDDD
If i reply to this, i'm scared someone will say "cream" :/
LGBT+ isn’t political
Are there old 20s?  A good flashlight is always a useful thing. People who don't immediately appreciate it, do later.
How about playing against yourself?  Rotate board or change seats each turn.  Think through your moves against their moves, and so on.  Start without a time limit at first.  You'll be able to think in their shoes without changing seats/board position later on.
thats cute
The universe needs to ignore this thread and leave everyone mentioned here alone.
"Good thing I identify as female now... so pick you up at 7?"
Jesus this is the first one I’ve read on this thread that HIT
www.google.com
Absolutely, yes.
Don’t waste time complaining about politicians politicizing something. It is literally what they do with every issue they discuss.
Prove it.
This is how it is in my son's dorm at school. It's all on his school ID card. We load money on it every month and he uses it for food/laundry/getting in and out of his room/and as an actual ID. He never needs physical money anymore.
>Video game designer?  nah, don't have a creative bone in my body;  Just like appreciating other people's work/art, not something I could see myself doing in any way   >Working in a comic book store?  nope not into comics in the slightest actually .  Though those categories overlap for a lot of people, they don't for me.  >Finding a company that does conventions and helping with them?  Done some tournament organizing before, don't care for it.  Fun to participate, stressful as an organizer
I actually created my account watching mxr, then i thought to myself, i live in quebec, why not just throw it in there
Well they probably don't trust it anymore. They feel lied to, bullied, and now ostracized. They're called anti-vaxxers so it's easier to hate them even though their reasoning and beliefs are vastly different than actual anti-vaxxers.   Matter of time before this turns to senseless violence.
take all the pinkies i dont need them
I had a buddy tell me he tried them before, and said all it did was keep him between half and full mast for the month.
From birth. I was not a multiple.
Alternate title: Virgin, self-isolating shut-ins of reddit, would you have sex if possible?
Rice is always cheap, but chicken and fresh veggies aren't as cheap as junk food.
I switched to a mi 11 the other week. I don't miss the jack at all, and even if i need it, say my buds run out of charge, Xiaomi gives you an adapter in the box so you can use regular headphones with the phone
Exactly how many trans women do you think we have interested in the mma?
Noticed this too
I was in a HMMWV in the Texas back country when the driver rolled it. Not really his fault, muddy road, bad driving conditions and up-armored humvees had a lot of weight high on the truck.   One moment everything’s fine and the next you can feel the vehicle start to go sideways. There’s this lurch in your stomach, and then you’re off the road, and the tires grab, but only the right side. There’s this perfect clarity, and I remember just acknowledging that whatever was going to happen was out of my control. According to the driver, I was whooping with joy. Then we were upside down at a 45 degree angle with the vehicle caught against a tree. Then the fear hit. Was everybody okay? Was the unit going to punish us? How was I going to get out? Just sheer, unmitigated panic for about two minutes until everyone confirms that they’re alright, nobody’s hurt.   Then you start to figure out what had happened, how to move forward. Shut off the engine, one by one get out the gunner’s position (only door that you could open at that angle). Worst part was unbuckling the seatbelt and hitting the ceiling. Humvees are full of sharp, hard metal. BFT (a computer in the front passenger seat) sliced open my leg, but then I could sort of slowly crawl back through and out.   In the end, with the help of another hmmwv we were able to flip it upright, and the thing was right as rain. But for those two minutes right after, it was the most scared I’ve ever been. Everyone in that truck was a friend. Some of the best people I’ve ever known. Accepting that you might die is hard. Realizing that your friends might be hurt is panic-inducing.
A
That was one of my many choices too! what do you do now?
Put her on the streets and she will be the face that choked on  a thousand dicks
A leash.
I already got a vasectomy, but if I hadn’t, I would.  Sentence left deliberately ambiguous.
It’s like this
Literally a drug tho bozo
#I am *telling* you that in order to trigger reasonable weight loss in my body I would need to only consume that exact amount of calories a day.  What really tickles my pickle is that you must either think most people with these conditions don’t try to lose weight or are happy being fat.  Also, nice stealth edit. Your lack of spelling in the name of *a global award with an internationally recognized name* proves you know so little about it that bringing it up was an immature ploy, thus forming my opinion that you have nothing to offer in actual debate. *How racist*!
Limp Bizket or Butthole Surfers.
Owning the smallest dog in the biggest handbag
Being divided.
Zooming off of a snowed mountain on skis at 80-90km/h.  Adore the speed and the adrenaline rush
anxiety fueled nightmare.   havent smoked in like 7 years.  in high school i smoked daily and loved it
It already is, probably created more furries than any other single price of media
It does. Not only are you 5-7x less likely to have an infection, your viral loads, while matching those unvaccinated at first, drop much, much quicker limiting the time you’re contagious.
You telling me i could blow loads freely? Sign me up
Ducktales Reboot but hey, at least it had an ending. Most writers are too lazy to do that nowadays.
So edgy!
Guys pay the bills.
How does this kind of dumb shit make the top on popular every fkin week?
Bulk subscription. Like TV and Internet. I think in 20 years you'll pay by the minute on what you want want to watch a TV series or channel? There won't be any package, just you paying for that specific content. It's going to be like EA owns everything, then WWIII will start
shot out of a vagina
I want that all squirells are whoreshipped like gods
Try #3, what were the other ways you were hoping to identify unclean chefs other than asking the server?  But, we have to save our restaurants, pubs, theaters, cruises, and more from dying!   People start thinking like you and don’t eat out any more. Now there is a huge economic recession from no one attending any of these events.   How do we build people’s confidence into coming back?
Astronaut.
Del Boy's Reliant Regal. Like me, it couldn't do 70, even if you were to push it off a cliff.
Feces 'n Cream
Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby Enter Sandman - Metallica
Came here for this.  So many great characters.
[https://comicsalliance.com/tribute-william-moulton-marston/](https://comicsalliance.com/tribute-william-moulton-marston/)     The creater of wonder woman is  William Moulton Marston, born 1893, pen name Charles Moulton.  A qoute:     ''Through his psychological research, Marston had come to the conclusion that women were naturally superior to men, both morally and in terms of skill. Further, he believed that women’s tendency toward loving submission was far preferable to masculine authority, which he viewed as toxic and violent.   Additionally, the goal of the much-vaunted bondage imagery that pervaded Marston’s stories was two-fold: first, to serve as a metaphor for the oppression women suffer in patriarchal society, and second, to add an erotic element so that young readers found themselves associating submission with love, through what Marston called “sex love training.”''
Why can't I stop breathing ?
A monthly subscription to something. Kids love getting mail. It is usually educational, and they get 12 gifts instead of one! (Assuming it's a yearly subscription.)
Here is the real question.
Other people's excuses
but how do they know they can't if they haven't gotten it?
A friend of mine dropped dead in his driveway. He was just talking with friends and dropped in the middle of a sentence. No pain, no warning, nada. Honestly, I’d like to go that way.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Sometimes I feel that it could be something like that and she could be playing the long game to have my dad take her/them out of the country. I know for a fact she’s not worked a day since before the kid was born, so my dad’s definitely getting worked to some degree or another.
being an asshole and leveraging your attention for hers and never showing your feelings
They want to entrap women into making babies. Idk what their obsession with the unborn is (other than bringing more people to a capitalist system that is built to get all the money out of people) but yeah, the main idea for them is that women are nothing but baby making machines. Tbh they just want to take away women’s rights and force them into making babies. That’s the idea
That’s good advice I had to do that to my cat a couple years ago when he was a stray but now as long you know him well he’ll come up to see you and sit on yo.
Squirting is nowhere near the same as peeing. First off, it’s involuntary. You choose to pee, you don’t choose to squirt it just happens (or not, since not every woman can). And yes. It feels good. It is the result of orgasm and those typically feel good.
That makes sense but I’ve met very few black people that believe in reparations where poor people in general benefit. It’s all about oppressing white people in general who the vast majority wither weren’t alive or didn’t have anything to do with them being “oppressed.” All it does it put a wedge into a new generation of white and black people. We’re all oppressed when it comes to livable wages and access to healthcare. That’s the real issue.
procrastinating showering
Charisma
Better her than you...
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hot Shots
Gravity gun
I don’t know to be honest, a really enthusiastic high five
Gone in 60 seconds.
Effort, more than I can put in.
I vaguely remember when Jägermeister was the drink of aged alcoholics day-drinking in smelly dive-bars. That company must have hired the devil himself for their re-branding campaign for it to be considered a drink for hip young people.😆
Wait, mapquest is still a thing?
I've scrolled down very far and have to find Keanu Reeves.
business/first class on international flights. (5+ hrs) sooo worth it to not be in pain the whole time
But they gotta stop investing in all these shit games they make and make a quality video game too. I love the Warhammer universe but their decisions are just flat out stupid. They make shitty games. Well now days.
Remove religion from politics and remove pretty much every shit politician in the world
Lol
GPS doesn’t get enough attention. It’s a life changer for me - so much less anxiety when driving to new places.
That said. She's probably going to go for everything, make reasonable demands with the kids well being first and hold your ground. Get a good lawyer. Say goodbye to your 401k savings, i spent 10k but got everything i wanted.
My Life
Any
apparently they eat birds too. [holy shit](https://allthatsinteresting.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/og-image-coconut-crab.jpg)
They also did the snap before marvel (if you know whos death im talking about)
Superman IV : The Quest for Peace.
The problem is its not as reversible as just stopping hormonal birth control.
Yes, yes I would. Does it come in smokeable form?
I think Organization is key.   For example. I have a file folder system that I use. I have a few projects I am working on (programming a budgeting app, a program to keep track of chores., and many more(most of which are still in simple designing stages)). so I have a folder labeled accordingly to enable me to quickly grab whatever I need. which is key cause I often get a lot of random ideas for things, so being able to get what I need quickly helps me write it down (draw it) before I forget it.  other things that help me are naming conventions, labeling things, good desk/office space, and color coding things.  &#x200B;  also tracking what you do is helpful especially your time, For instance I use a couple of apps, one tracks what apps i am using on my phone, and another app called simple time tracker, that I use to track what I did with my time (sleeping, eating, playing games, social media, projects etc.)  one thing I personally believe is that "you cannot change your life until you know what your doing with you life" and I do not mean you know where you want to be in life, I mean where you are right now. so tracking my time helps me to see things like, "I spent 20 hours playing video games this week" or other trends. Simple Time Tracker keeps a good record and lets you see how much time you spent on whatever each week/month/day. so you can kinda see trends in your life.  &#x200B;  Here's the link to Simple Time Tracker  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.razeeman.util.simpletimetracker&hl=en\_US&gl=US
Child's play
Any ad on YouTube. Fuck them all
0.2% chance of death is huge
Holes
My cousin met a moose once
Bro
Zack and Miri Make a Porno
Yes I would. That being said, I don't think any woman not in a relationship would trust men who say that they've taken them. So basically it's still sad to see that while it'd useful it probably won't be as used as female contraception (since it's women who'll have to face the consequences)
And Kenny Baker(R2)
"My name is Joseph Joestar."
drugs
Sylvester Stallone 🥺
Passionate
Nobody's going to sap and impurify my precious bodily fluids. I will deny medical science my essence.
Ah, must be that thing gen Z is doing where they intentionally act like they're dumb... Act may be a misnomer.
The Thin Man series with William Powell and Myrna Loy  The Road movies series with Bob Hope and Bing Crosby  The Court Jester with Danny Kaye  His Girl Friday with Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell
Never buy Aristocrat liquor. Always spend at least a little extra, bare minimum.
Always been
I mostly don't just occasionally something will peak my interest
the People to take less advantage of eachother
just adding to the question, would men of reddit still take it if it meant it altered your libido? or had the male equivalent side effects, i’m not sure what those would be. there’s a multitude of side effects that varies from woman to woman. one being depression
Driving home
Volkswagen beetle DRAG  and my friend who passed away
Cellular Internet. It was the 90s and we could check our email while on the beach. It was amazing, at the time.
Radioactive is a banger tho
Readily available and similar to female BC? abso-fuckin-lutely
Because the effort, both personal and governmental, and the success rate is different. Jogging and dieting is hard, if you are not used to those things, while getting two shots is comparatively easy. The demand is very different, even if the benefit is relatively similar.
This happened in Serbia in January.  I kind of hit it off with a girl, we hooked up and exchanged numbers.  We saw each other frequently as we were both tourists staying at the same hotel.  When the Orthodox New Year came around, she texted me, asking me to go to her room, but what my dumb ass replied was: "Nah, thanks. I'm good. I've just been out with some friends and I need to rest now."  But this girl was actually persistent and we ended up texting back and forth for about an hour.  In the end, she sent me a message with a pissy undertone: "Fine, go to sleep and rest, good night."  Jesus Christ, had I known what would have gone down back at her place, I wouldn't have been such a f\*cking idiot...
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I already stopped caring about TV
"If you work M-F" was right in there.  I'm fully aware not everybody does.  I worked strange rotating schedules for years myself.
I'd probably let them keep living there so long as they stick to only one room.
You ever sit in a beanbag chair? Then you kinda shift your body around a little until you get super comfortable? I mean like, so comfortable you don’t want to move, you just want to stay perfectly still because you’re in “the zone”?  It’s just like that, with your mind. Expect you also want snacks.
They are always there for you
No. A polio vaccine has nothing in common chemically with the flu vaccine.
It's like enveloping your consciousness in a warm blanket.
Realize that it’s not worth doing anything, what are you going to interfere forever? Anything done causes a chain reaction that needs to be balanced and maintained. Aside from that anything you do on a mass scale with have an equal positive/negative outcome ratio based on different perspectives. No being wants that responsibility.
Insecure people.
Whoever set that up had a camp without thorn fence bush like is prominent in Africa and even Australia. This sounds like an absolute nightmare, the kind they make movies about and reminds me of the movie "the jungle".  Alot of similarities. Maybe you have a story there, too. Not exactly normal to have wild lions coming through camp every night. Sounds like misjudgement of the terrain by whoever took you on this trip.
Men who wear pink
Exactly. Better to be safe than sorry
Bill & Teds excellent adventure
I chuckled lol
I don’t care what his tweets said. The point is that his tweets were not helping.
My apologies, I was like 15 at the time and have issues around nudity, even if maybe I shouldnt
Exactly.
Clearly, you are not a golfer.
Hate you 😂😂😂😂
Watchmen  For a few dollars more  The good the bad and the ugly  Get shorty  The mule  Hot shots  Wolf creek  Mean girls  Sin city  Untouchables  Fifty first dates
you din't include the prayer part of that time-honored tradition...?  i mean, i realise Reddit is a secular orgy of atheist propaganda and mandatory disclaimers swearing oaths of skeptical practicality, but...  you might be firing blanks.
sales. you'd kill it anywhere even with shitty talent
Arrival
Men would take this but society would never develop this for men.
Enchiladas
>like i stated before im going on 8 months now, no mask and living my life as i normally would and no issues.  exactly my original point. "we can get back to normal" doesn't mean anything to people who're already back at normal
Thank fuck
Never gonna run around
Because of C19, which disproportionately affects the obese. If they weren't obese, C19 wouldn't typically drive them to the hospital.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jack black
Skydiving into an active volcano
*Insert damn near every nation in the Western Hemisphere can say the USA did something similar to it.
No worries.   Best of luck mate. Hope things work out for you (I am sure they will).
I did.  The whole comment is nonsense.  “Guaranteed” effects of the vaccine vs the “small chance” of getting issues or death from covid.  WTF???  There’s no “guaranteed” effect from vaccination, and the odds of a covid issue/death is higher than the odds of a vaccination issue.  THATS THE WHOLE POINT OF VACCINATION!
broad shoulders and height. hands.
Read My Mind by The Killers.
Space rockets
Delta.
Watched a Mercedes driving over my leg, my foot rotating 360°, while feeling absolutely nothing.
Yes, I hope I still have friends
Django watched that 3 times already just finished it.
I guess stealing someone else’s post to get karma is easier than coming up with your own.
Santa Fe, may 18th
None, I have my life, they have theirs.
Basic math for you:  Messi earns 71m playing football a year and one year has 58 weeks, thats 136.538€ per week just playing football.  You need 9 fucking years to earn that amount of money so you earn like 15k per year?    ROFL how do you even have internet?   It's fucking lame to see a poor guy defending a fucking millionaire. I feel sorry for you   Thanks for the laughs btw
Hulk's
What would it actually take for them to work out?
Bring a modern day computer to the 80s. Make sure to have modern day programming language IDEs installed.
O shit Thailand? That must have been scary asf. And $50? That’s a bummer man. Hope all is good now.
Father Larry Duff. He's tremendous fun.
Nice headlights.
A laser pointer.  You would turn  every villiager in a cat.
As an 11 year old,  my family was at a get together at a park that included caves. Me and a kid were walking around and this man approached us and said he was a photographer and wanted to take our pictures for a magazine. So we are walking with him down this very narrow ridge. To this day I swear I fell and my guardian angel pushed me back up. But I got so spooked I yanked this kid and we got out of there. Looking back I think I might have saved my life and my ass
No because I don’t have sex.
I can only speak on modern mainstream music, because I've never made an effort to dive deep into newer music.   A lot of popular music sounds very similar. And not just songs, but genres. Pop / rock / country have a very similar sound anymore. Again, that's just popular music of those genres. Mindless, basic lyrics that don't require much thought to get, but with a catchy beat.  Getting more specific, modern country music is pretty fucking lousy. There are so many songs I've heard that follow the same stupid cliches. Cold beer, sittin' on a tail gate, dad or grandpa fought in the war, USA, hot girl with long legs.
Oh, thank you so much!
Having a temp working here who was from my home town - which is over 500 miles from where I currently live.
Yeah. There could have been a lot more episodes between Ford joining and Weirdarmageddon. I really love him from a character design perspective.  Maybe also a sequel a few years later. Bill is definitely going to return. Stan's mind seems to recover from the erasure. And Bill is still in there somewhere
Yeah, but you know Delta variant is more contagious and that the variants are getting worse? In South Africa, the third wave was worse than the first two
His Avada Kedavra bounced back to him since he was not the owner of the Elder Wand.
American Pizza
I was commenting about the company in the above redditor’s comment lol. Your comment about the government is coming out of left field.
mint Suuuucks just in anything, not just ice cream anything. I hate mint to such a degree that I have flavorless toothpaste
Daybreak on Netflix
Secret base
I did a month in a mental health facility and initially I was part of other folks disturbing experiences I’m quite sure. Once I got settled down things were way better but initially I treated them all as enemies.   As an example I was asked to provide a sample and handed a cup to pee in. I shit in the cup and walked it back out to the nurses desk. They were not amused.
\- "Smells like teen spirit" - Nirvana  \- "Torn" - Natalie Imbruglia   \- "Secret Smile" - Semisonic (Not really as popular I suppose, but honestly it just gives me such strong 90s vibes)
Master and Commander
I mean yeah it’s probably worth it
Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead Head On apply directly to the forehead
The mRNA vaccine stuff is pretty damn cool.
Bacon. Just a little bit
Of course, if I can have sex and not worry about the other person having to deal with the possibility of pregnancy and the headache of unwanted kids, I'll gobble those pills like smarties.
Good for him so as long as Trump and the medical experts agreed, I don’t think Kamala would have had an issue.
I don't know enough about them to have a view on them
Lots i mean lots of emoji
Dan Dan noodles!  Amazing!
Lucifer...
Dear Zacahry is heartbreaking!! Excellent documentary!
Absolutely. I want to be able to sleep around without worrying if I’ve got any Jr.’s running around
My Chemical Romance-Teenagers
Yes please!
That because of the way the human immune system works, it’s not possible to catch the same sort of influenza virus, rhinovirus, or coronavirus twice.   Still true today too.
[Obligatory.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/t0ynr/throwaway_time_whats_your_secret_that_could/c4ilkt2/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
The janitor from scrubs
Why can't they know, if you care to elaborate?
His nose is flat
I mean sure why not
As long as it’s safe enough for me to keep not having sex
Who knew bugs had so much blood and guts?!
Why?
Omg will people please stop asking thisquestion of people totally unqualified to answer it??? Yes they should. There's plenty of science that shows that trans woman lose any advantage testosterone gives after years of hormone treatment
$10 Billion Quatloos!!
Have children, it helps fill the void. Also drugs.
My junk.
Starship Troopers the animated series
No. I am getting a vasectomy :-)
Well, I can't talk to the dead so...
This is the first I'm hearing of this, imma go use it
The CCP can gargle on my balls for breakfast.
When let’s be real we all saw the movie hoping to see Elizabeth Banks
Sweet home Alabama
C2H5OH, bitch.
Username checks out! And it's a 3 year old account.
Since day one bruv
Specialized Emergency Response Team. Basically if a truck full of radioactive material flips we’re the guys that get a phone call.
Why people are dumb like you ?
Why is that?
Getting caught masturbating with my moms panties by my mom.
I personally have not tried this yet but I'm already convinced this is the best  https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/thousand-layer-duck-fat-potatoes
I thought also of the nimbus 2k from Harry Potter (or was it a 2k?) And I really love guten deutschen Gurkensalat
Look up to the sky and see
Absofuckinglutely.
Rather unnecessary post-vasectomy.
Pie
Being vaccinated just means you probably won't be hospitalized.  With all the non-vaxxers holding out just means more mutations which means more vulnerable people die.
Mozzarella Sticks
This is correct. They planned to take down flight 93 before it got to Washington. By the time they got the planes in the air it was already too late and it had crashed in Pennsylvania.
For me, personally, none. I am not physically attracted to men and do not get visually horny whatsoever. Having a deep connection with someone is what turns me on. Consideration and good conversation, if I respect them etc.
Die Hard
Absolutely.
Sorry lol I’m bad at reading sarcasm in comments.
If there are multiple options like there are for women. There's some that make some women more irritable, or sleepy, or generally just fucks with the hormones in some negative way, which doesn't help with it, also if it doesn't cost $80,000 each month.
Yay I'll get the hacksaw 😉
The main things wrong with even the first one would be if you suddenly want to have kids and have to get a reversal (Michael Scott's case) or far more remotely (1 in 4000 or 0.025% chance) if the vas deferens grows back together.  Just JUST got one and I can say it's a quick and relatively painless procedure. On my second day of recovery and I've had no pain, except a little minor discomfort moving the wrong way , since the needle went in for the local anesthetic. That's with Ice and ibuprofen as my only pain management.
Clothes
Rich definitely
The joy of old website games. I wish google didnt remove flash. There were soo many good games on websites that i have played.
As someone who has worked with dogs for almost a decade, I would never take a dog to a dog park. Most people can’t recognize their dog is an asshole.
>in all my years of internet discourse I’ve never seen someone see the errors of their ways  In my experience you could have stopped here.
Lord of the Rings.  The fellowship of the ring.
What in tarnation.
Kanye
19 years…I’m 19
Well, i mostly come here to be silly. Which explains my first comment. Good to know it helped make someone's day a bit better.
Establishing homeostasis with our environment.
One of the methods we are actually studying is a combination pill with progesterone and androgens so it functions a bit similarly to what you are describing - it has had good results so far in early clinical trial phases - feel free to DM if you want to learn more
Exactly what I was thinking, it must be really refreshing for an A-Grade celebrity to just be a normal person for a while.
Evil.
>The vaccine is FREE  No it isn't. It's paid for by the Government. Do you know where the Government gets their money? FROM YOU  Do you have any remote clue how much money Pfizer has made this year? They more than doubled their revenue now that governments are straight up forcing people to take this shit.
I would depending on the sideeffects relative to my likelihood of sexual activity, can't hurt to stack the improbabilities when I am trying to avoid surprise children.
I mean, there are probably abandoned timelines where that DOES happen, but he still loses.  The only way he wins is knowing where to stash a spare bike.
Yes. Some bitches can't be trusted, I'd rather be able to take that power into my own hands
I came here to comment this. Love that man
Contrapoint and Ryan Higa
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Bone
The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe
As a bloke, "testicles" gets my vote...please.
Thanks, can confirm now, had never heard it.
Putting a rubber band around genitals is how you castrate farm animals like sheep. They do, in fact, just fall off.
The fear of being rejected by others. After so much rejection you kinda say fuck it.  It's like immersion therapy.
Uh...you can be superior over health food. Ya got me.  But trolling tactics? No...that's my world. Accept it, chomp celery, and scoot.
I personally would. I've had plenty of scares with exes who either didn't like the effects of B.C or we just out right said "Fuck it, we'll suffer the consequences" but I'd take em as long as they don't make me incredibly loopy like it does some women.
Its heartbreaking. But also surprising that a lot of people choose to be alone.
A drag beetle
What school
He’s awesome in Alpha House
I.... I laughed.
The killing curse rebounded and hit him
it's up to you in a lot of ways, can be really nasty or really nice.  What do you want overall from the relationship?  Do you make all of your intentions clear?   What do you contribute? What do you expect in return?  Can you pick up obvious hints without needing to have every situation broken down step by step and explained to you?  Are you willing to listen to your partner's concerns and do you genuinely care?
Big Trouble in Little China.
Which is it?
So your acting like a 5 year old? That is straight up kindergartener mentality.
We're redditors, we'll always be single
I would double check that statistic.  664k deaths over 328 million in America. Not adding up to 1 in 500
It is also not well known because it took place at the same time as the American Civil War
Okay, keep your secrets ;-)
As long as it's not permanently sterilizing, absolutely. My SO complains about her hormones and has never had the best personal responsibility, I'd love to shoulder that burden and know I'm not risking pregnancy due to their negligence.
two kinds of people in this world…
I shouldn’t have to be tested because it’s not my problem that the unvaccinated exist. That is wholly their problem. If they get sick and die because of me, which is already highly unlikely to begin with, what will they say, they didn’t know better? They did and chose inaction. Sucks for them.
Simple Jack
Jim Carey, always made me smile. Gonna be sad when he’s gone
I kept imagining him as the short guy at the bagel store and had to do my best to keep my laughter under control.
Its better to ask for forgiveness than permission. Often used as a joke, I wouldnt actually do that.
I see, sometimes I wish i was one of those people who were born to be something
Waborita
Delivery drivers. Replaced with drones
no problems
Rich and be incognito maintain anonymity vs celebrity and be scrutinized
I grew up a few streets from one and the lion was incredibly loud, we had a lot of issues with pets in the neighbourhood being nervous
Is it to0 late to change paths?
Can we also just appreciate there was a character called Hot Dog Water 🤣
If a loved one or friend is in need.
And you said the vaccine doesn’t help stop the spread.  Also, the big part for the vaccine is reducing hospitalization, which is probably the biggest goal at this time
4 years
Wow. Thanks. I never knew that. I does sound like an unfortunate accident. Damn.
My new canon r6. Coming from a 7d, the eye tracking on the r6 blew my mind. Never thought something like that would be in cameras when I got the 7d
Being a college student, it's kinda hard to do that. Collecting change for a bottle of cognac rn
Deep Impact
If you don't mind me asking, are you allergic to all sperm/semen, or just his specifically?
Like most, peacefully or at the very least, painlessly and in good spirits.
Sleep preferably but if not then quickly as possible.  When I was younger I was edgy and I thought I wanted to go out guns blazing and with a bang but now I just feel like I wouldn’t even get a shot off before I got a bullet to the skull or chest.
The guy that DN’d the Taliban on Twitter.
There's a male contraceptive pill, but it messes with your behaviour, due to the hormones. So no, I'm not going to take it.  That's besides the discussion that as a man I have this urge to spread my seed. It's up to the woman I'm seeing at any given time to select me as a father for her children.   And if I don't want children with a woman or we didn't have an STD talk and check up front, I'll wrap my thing up.
DEFINITELY THIS ONE
X men
I’d go full thanos
Around 95% is my go to.
Also, who the hell listens the Philly D for anything? That dude is one of the biggest douche bags on the internet.
Because all the blame is put on McDonalds et all for selling them shitty food, while minimizing their own culpability in lacking the self control not to *buy* that shit.   It's a lot easier to live with yourself you think your problems aren't your fault.
This might be one of the dumbest arguments I've ever heard.
The modern Mozart
My sales manager dropped dead at the lunch table when we were celebrating a big sale. Brain hemorrhage. Very scare experience.
Simply not true. When people try, they get arrested, or shot. Google Ruby Ridge.
Living and it ain’t fuckin easy
And you will suffer the consequences.
Any of the members from BTS They've done so much for people and their music is like a home so I'll cry my eyes out
Any of the spiderman actors
This is nearly universally considered bad advice, in my experience.  The main time it arguably isn't is for very strong players with years of experience and study. And even then it's rarely advised and controversial.
We are not doing your marketing for you
I don't remember it, but I have the scars to prove it.  When I was young, less than 3, my father and sister went fishing near a local dam. Now one thing you never do as a parent, is take your eyes of off a toddler.  My dad got preoccupied helping my older sister do something, and woops! I had crawled off the side of the dam.  He heard me scream my way down, and jumped in after me. I was extremely lucky. I had suffered almost no injuries. The doctors were amazed!  Then again, I've been to the dam since then a few times, and it's more like a bridge to be honest. I think it's supposed to be some sort of backup emergency flood gate thing in case the water breaches the big power generating dam upriver. (Though that one doesn't produce electricity anymore, so it's just a plain old dam now)
Nancy Pelosi
Post nut clarity after fucking the boss/manager. If you blow their minds your job is screwed if you don't it's still screwed
fuck yea, I don't need no more damn kids
I dropped out of college because I couldn't focus and decided I could come back later.  It took me a total of 13 years off and on to finish my degree but yeah, it was worth it.
i'm all for abortion rights, but men have zero post conception rights to control their reproductive capacity.  in every other area rights and responsibilities go hand in hand.  if a woman has more rights to control both individuals post conception reproductive capacity, it should follow that she also has more responsibility for the decision she makes.
Because everyone should be made aware of the great actor Dick Van Dyke.
That is just untrue. Look at the chart I linked to and you can see how overall deaths are dropping due to vaccinations but deaths of younger people are increasing due to Delta.
Actually he is saying that in the hopes of you saying that so really we need to downvote him to contradict what he really wanted.
Burger and fries
What to do when the letter of the law cannot be changed because the letter of the law that would make it possible to change the letter of law is itself bad and broken?
*Threw chocolate bar to him* Sorry. I hope it will make your brain feel better.
okay
When i was a kid they threw bc at us ladies for anything. Acne , bad cramps, your head hurts? Bc pill. I took it for 14 years and never got preggers so thats cool.
Yeah, this is a no-brainer for me.
10 years
The girls in the bar I used to hang out in used to do this exact thing. It was hilarious and awesome.
It was a joke
Dipshit
As long as I have existed
My city would be doomed without me. They wouldn’t dare.
Paul Ritter.I know, he's already dead, but I've never felt the way I did for Paul Ritter.
There’s some funny stuff
Even with the cliffhanger, it's still worth it.
Earth
It’s right now. I was diagnosed with chronic kidney disease 15 years ago and have spent those 15 years seeing a nephrologist every 3 months, eating a ridiculously strict diet and follow all medical recommendations. I got evicted from my house in south Texas (thanks child killer Abbott) and had to move in with my brother 250 miles away. For a month now I’ve been trying to get a new nephrologist. I could tell my kidneys weren’t doing well so went to an ER in a teeny, tiny west Texas hospital. They did some tests and said yep, you’re at end stage renal disease (ESRD) which means I need to be starting dialysis ASAP.  However, all the Nephrologist’s have cut back their clinic hours in order to be at the hospital to take care of - anti vaxers who decided risking COVID was the way to go. Now those jack asses have filled the hospitals and every doctor in town is hard at work for long hours trying to save the chronically stupid from themselves. I can’t see a nephrologist for another month. I’m furious and terrified. Will I live another month without medical assistance. I guess we’ll see. Child killer Abbott, I’m consulting an attorney tomorrow. College dropout tucker Carlson, your name might come up as well and certainly faux news. U asshats are literally killing people and I hate u all.
There's absolutely no public healthcare and hospitals are for profit? Like wtf?
Agreed. Healthier and can be cheaper than eating out. I spend about $150 a week on meal prep but it's worth it.
Australia is still mining coal, europe's economy is sneakilly being pillaged by China, Australia ans U.S.A. betrayed France, scandinavian contries are 4 parallel universes ahead of us, Africa soil is being raped by the U.S.A. while it's economy is being raped by China... The usual
Ginger from Gilligan's island
Oh man this comment gave me goose bumps. Such a great show!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Used to hate it, got obsessed w it, now it’s just meh
Mine
Faith is not worked through the surrounding circumstances of the Bible, but the message itself. I am simply pointing out that ignoring the surrounding circumstances, and then counting a lack of confirmation against the Bible is not an intelligent form of reasoning
That THX sound.
It depends what level of self awareness you have to interpret that you possibly have a difficulty.
When you watched Saved by the Bell you you were younger than the cast but still had a crush on Kelly. How could you not?  As you got older were the same age as the Boy Meets World cast and wanted to date Topanga.
I just sprawl out over a bearskin rug in front of a fireplace.
Infinity is how long I’ve adored her quirky acting and her delightful expressions!! She’s no Heather that one!!
Chili
Red Scare
say ratio on anyone's comment
Hilary duff!
Why
Exactly....the more you go back in history, it was not as wide spread. Countries speak their own languages for a reason lol
Make a lot of s’mores
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is that a problem?
I always wondered about this question and im not religous or anything but the theory i think makes sense to me and is believable is that as soon as we die we are born again. They say when u die you are going towards a light i belive that light is the bright lights in the delivery room. Yku are immediately reborn and life is reset reason why your memory is gona and you have to learn everything all over again. That is what i believe at least.
Runaround Sue and the wanderer
Don’t ask strangers on the internet for advice.
Jesus man I’m sorry to hear that
That's how seals and walruses mate
Jack off... A Lot 🍆💦
My personal favorite is “Eat a diiiiiiiiiick!”. It’s not subtle but it feels great.
That was such a good episode. I just loved that for once Charlie was the one on the ball instead of the wild card.
Mia khalifa
Samantha Fox
You turn in to fossil fuel.
Why?!
Chernobyl 2: Electric Boogalo.
Quark's Bar on Deep Space 9. I would be sitting next to Morn :D
Then we should thank our alien overlords for dumping them on earth. Best gift ever.
are there books?
The one with everything has more resources. They can do a lot more. The man with nothing is just a guy. They're both that.
Let's keep it simple and not generalize.....why do you like what you like?
Leonardo Dicaprio on Growing Pains
Julia stiles
Raven from Teen Titans. And Suzie Crabgrass from Ned's declassified school survival guide.
Coincidence. More of a Austin Powers reference.
Thank you, Hillary DUFF!
No basic history, of the middle east, rome, differences of religion, no one gave you even a basic outline of the history around that area?
Selena Gomez
The pink ranger
The pink ranger. I’ll never forget you Kim!
I’m also this type of girlfriend😂
Jonathan Taylor Thomas - home improvement
Justin Timberlake and Nick Carter 🥰
i wanna be sent to space for my funeral
Oooweee oh I Yard.
Daaaaaaa Bears. (I know, I know.)
You meant to type Trump, fam.
Renee Sands
Dipping their feet in lava.
Farrah Fawcet!
U guys are smart.
Sit in an empty room for 50 years
The answer is always, "Yes, it's a joke."
I'm one of the hospital pharmacy staff who goes into a high sterility, negative pressure room to make IV bags of all kinds. We take care of every patient in the end, but when we have to drop everything to scrub up and put on full garb to shoot STAT remdesevir, RegenCov (monoclonal antibodies), Nimbex to keep your lungs paralyzed so you don't fight the pump, etc., I can't help but feel some animosity towards these people who work against us by going unvaccinated/unmasked, and then they rely on our care. They are holding up everything else for patients who don't have Covid, and they're STILL, even after last year, making it unnecessarily difficult (to say the least) for anyone working in a hospital.  What I like least about it is seeing how little people really give a shit. And I see some of them at death's door when I go up to ICU on deliveries.
Ashley Tisdale
Make ana account that references an inside joke or something we had and comment something.
Morten Harket
"Wanna fuck?"
Fuck duck fuck frick fuck motherf-er fuck f*** fuck
For a few seconds I was certain you said "aromatic".....I though....what an odd brag :)
We have the largest, most advanced military in the world. What more do you need to be arrogant?
Leonardo DiCaprio
John Schneider as Bo Duke was my first puppy love. Nikki Sixx was my first obsession as a teen.
Many countries, languages and beers.  And better health care
Scotland's less attractive sister with a RIDICULOUS amount of knife crime and warm beer
Don’t tell people what they don’t need to know.
this is why Conspiracy clowns are on Reddit and Structural Engineers are at work.
RonJeremy
I don’t know that I have to die in order find out
It depends on how many versions survive, and how they compare to each other.  We have copies of works written by Flavius Josephus, who lived between about 40 CE and 100 CE, though I could be off on that by a few years.  That was the general era though, so he was writing around the time Jerusalem was destroyed by the Romans in 70CE, only 40 years after the alleged death of Jesus.  Some versions of his writings mention Jesus, or have references to his apostles, but other versions do not, leading some scholars to believe that the versions mentioning him were altered by later Christian writers during the process of recording them and preserving them over the centuries.
I am demi-sexual, no desire to have sex until having a serious relationship. I am a loner and find being with people for way too long causes me stress.
Joey McIntyre
They still exist?
Zooey Deschanel from Almost Famous
Men shouldn’t show emotion. People getting uncomfortable when we do.
Victoria Justice lol
Vagrant Story  Square at it's best. Epic.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pqtw2g/what_was_the_most_awkward_or_embarrassing_moment/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can confirm, it you.
Back rubs in the front lead to front rubs in the back.
2300?
besides piece of glass, lego, and your moms moist knickers, its cold cat vomit.
November 31st.
We have 2 versions if it's happening during daytime - it's either "I have an erotic proposal for you" or  "do you have any meetings right now?"  If my husband wants a blowjob he politely asks if I can provide him a service.
Goeiedag/Hallo/Hoi
Ellen Page
A continent.  A continent with many different countries, cultures and languages.
That is not funny. :(
Kimberly The Pink Ranger
(This only works on American girls)  Girl are you a school? Because I wanna shoot kids inside you
Call centres.
Very poetic
Swimming in the Mariana Trench.
Decay
Be a man
Always the one with nothing to lose
Wanna have an affair?
Go fuck yourself.
Namaste.
The Ben Shapiro show
Actual sex education,  not just teaching abstinence.     Teach life skills, how to change a tire, balance your babk account, use a credit card, taxes, ect.  Trade skills for those who want to learn, basic computer science wouldn't hurt either.  Increase the teachers budget so they aren't operating on nothing, it's ridiculous.   We expect ppl to teach and yet pay them next to nothing.  Then we complain about how undereducated kids are.   And finally stop letting politics into classrooms.  Kids should be taught the full political spectrum from capitalism to communism and everything in-between.  Not as this is good, that one is bad, but ad facts.  There is capitalism,  this is what it is.  This is socialism, this is what it means, ect
Jonathan Brandis…
Peyton list and isabela moner
How would you get out?
Water
Never knew there were actual lyrics to that   Idk know weather I'm a box or a bag
Katie Holmes.
Taking out a dude's dick without him noticing then start sucking. The Pickpocket.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is it fun? Or are you just looking for easy material,seriously!
And Wall Drug.
Lucy Lawless. She's the reason I realized I was queer.
April O’Neil
Ductape cost less than $10
*Gundam One Year War flashbacks*
I don't know, once thought the earth was flat, now we think it's not flat.  It might be a 2 dimensional triangle. What ever we believe 😃
JTT
Blind people leading the way for everything.  Not literally, but it does feel like it.
Alisha Silverstone, Mandy Moore and Melissa Joan hart.
I would also hide in my house and not be anxious. One thing about the movies is very wrong. Most people don’t murder other people because it’s the law but because it’s immoral. And I‘m one of these people.
Def sight. I already lost my taste
Posting everything
Liv Tyler and Yasmine Bleeth.
Something that my dad always used to tell me was: "do what you need to do, before what you want to do, that's how you succeed". Sounds simple enough, but when you're actually doing it, holy shit that helps
Because our football doesn't include people writhing on the ground everytime they're touched.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Topanga….
Probably my room. I was gonna say bathroom, but I wouldn’t really know if someone would be in there or not.
Blonde- Debby Harry
GTA V
Sv3rige has entered the chat.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Zoey from Zoey 101 or Miley Cyrus lol
Boy in the blue striped pajama or Schindlers list, cant decide both are masterpieces. They are both about WW2 holocaust.
Pokemon Heartgold. The remastered versions of the old games are so good
Giant ant eater
Old Fashioned
"I am so cool because I voted for Trump, I am going to go assault this child because their parent is a queer! No one will ever question my masculinity again!"
We like Surfing, Brah
Yet
Dim Sum for breakfast, WOWWWWW YUM!!
You will get through it. It may take time but I know you can do it
A McRib with a Shamrock shake, because they never seem to be out at the same time. Oh the stars aligned and the promotions finally have them available at the same date? Uh oh, ice cream machine is down, thanks for the stay of execution McDs.
Hayleigh Williams
🤣🤣🤣
Your experience continues after "death".
You going nowhere in a hurry. Everyone moves on as though they never going to be in your situation.
Love that series lmao
The complete saying is:  "The customer is always right regarding all matters of taste.”  They want a green too big suit? Who is the salesperson to say they are wrong? Sell them the suit.   One can’t just cut off part of a saying and use the abbreviated version. I mean, they can if they are douches.
Justine Bateman.
Joseph Trumpeldor.   Im not a Jewish (which sort of is relevant to this guy), but I respect this guy as a total badass. He fought in ww1 in Egypt and Gallipoli and was wounded. He died fighting in Palestine, and is one of the earliest Zionist national heroes. There is a lot of nationalist bullshit tied to him, but he was still a total badass.
Ketamine.
I've always thought it would be cool to have a cat-sized grizzly bear. Grizzly bears seem pretty chill but they can kill you pretty easily if they get pissed.
Work would stop for one day and everything would be the same as it was the next day.
Lol I’m not who you replied to but I was an IV heroin addict by 16 and was a homeless junkie shooting up on the street for years. The idea is nicer than the reality. I don’t know a single homeless junkie who’s happy about it. You might want to re-examine your priorities. Being a junkie gets boring real quick. It’s just endless monotony.
This one time, when I was 15 or something, I got contact lenses. It was the second day, and I was still only wearing them for an hour or two at a time, like the optimetrist recommended. He walked me through it, showed me how to insert and remove them, clean them, gave me great advice, he was great. I was just a noob. One of them wouldnt come out, so I ended up fumbling around on my eyeball to try and get the thing. But of course, it slipped up under my upper eyelid. I spent about half an hour poking around before I finally managed to rub the damn thing down, my eyebal looked like a tomato. It was fine in the morning, and I took a day to let the irritation go down. But oh my god it felt good to finally pull the damn thing out, it hurt a lot, eyes are sensitive.   Still continued to wear them daily for about 7 years.
Patricia Richardson
Omelette duuuuu formageeeee
In all of my long term relationships, after 3 years sex is basically over. YMMV.
LMAO!!!!
Rivers Cuomo would probably do very well amongst GenXers and old millennials because of Weezer.
Seriously?
Yeah it’s going to be the same time period but I believe this time with a black kid.
Devon Sawa, bae
Corey haim
Leonardo DiCaprio and Justin Timberlake
You like to add letters to words.
Robert Downey jr
I know, I'd be trying to survive too even though I know it's a lost cause. I just wanted to explain it so the forces were clear. Does that explanation make sense.
Don’t worry, you have superglue to fix it 👀
I'll be taking in a bunch of McDonald's coupons on Monday
It’s really difficult to get a reservation there. Excuse me, I have to return these video tapes.
If theres no laws in the purge I can technically fly
Reason is the logic fact to why certain things happened. Excuse is to find someone to blame/ stay a victim instead of doing what you need to do to handle your situation.
Poop. Nah, I'll pass on diving in, you guys can keep it.
T̶̨̥̭̞̘̏̌̿̀̐̄͑̇̀̎͗̀̐̈́͆̋͑̂̈́͑͗̑͑̀̏̕͘̕͜͝Ḩ̷̢̡̨̦͎̖̖͓̖̯̤̟̬̼̝̝̜̺̰̖͙̻̫͉͉͙̹̯̬͔̥̙̏̿̀̓̔́̉̀͊̌̍̈̏́̏̈̈́̃͋̈́̾̒́̍̿̒͋̒̆͋̃̃͛̾͌̎̏̀̚͘̕͜͜͠Ą̵̧̯͉͍̯͓̭̪̝͙͕͕͉̮̟͍̗͔͚͚͇̜̹̺̰̹͚̙̈̑́͐͠ͅT̶̨͖͉̩̙̘̩̹̯̟̞̫̳̜̬̫̗̙̘͓̞͚̈́̉̈́͐̋̂̒̑͗́̀̂͘ͅ ̸̡̝̝̬̝̗̹͒̄̆̏̅͋̓͊̕W̸̨̧̳̯̟͉̹͖͇̩͇͍̠̘̻̱̖̻͈̻͙͎͖̜̩͇̤̲̝̼̥̘̪̞͍̯͎̊͗̅͂́͂̽̾̄́̑̆̍́̊͂͊̚͜͜͝ͅÁ̸̢̡̢͓͎̳͔̣̙͓̞̼͓͇̥̩̞͈̮͚̠̯̠̉͂̋̐ͅͅS̷̢̼̭̺̠̩̭̯͍̣̤̗͎̠̫̙͍̗̉͜ ̶̰̮̼̼̭̠͍́͌͛̾̓͝ͅŅ̸̘̪͈̪͖͙̣͙̪͓͓͓̝̠̤̖̻͉̞̲̻̼̹̤͈͛͗̑͂̃̈͌̆͆̓̔̇͜͜͜͝͝ͅO̶̢̤̝̥̯̘͙̬̙̹̥̤̳͚̭͎̭̝͍͛̏͑͆͒̃̉̊̏̉̀̂͌͘T̶̺̩̜̫̒̃̒͠ ̵̧̨̢̢̧̣̙̠͇̞̪̯͚̳͓̬͈͈͍̪̟̞̠͇̭̼͚̱̩͚̤͛̐́̈́̈́͌͝ͅA̸̡̢̹͍̲̩̣̩͖͈͖͎̻͎͉͙̞͇͍̠̭̽͒͊̅͒̐̈͌̍̈͗̎̐̍̂̕͠N̶͈͈̱̰̻̝̻̺̞̥̚ͅͅ ̶̛̛̭͉̰̞͐̑͒͋͌͑̌̓̊͊̀̈́̏̿͒͊̂̓̈͑̈́̊̈́̀̉͊͒͑̅̆̈̎͑̑͆͑̂̅̕̚̕͠͝͠ͅƠ̸̡̡̧̨̢̩̘͇̤͈̭̬̹͎̺̰̱̤͉̻̹̟͎̞͔̲̝͈̠͉̗͔̥̜͎̘͉͑̈́̑̀̍̂̋̈̽̄̑̑̽̽͂́̄̿̎̍̀̓̕͜ͅͅP̸̨̜͉̬͈̮͎̟̗̲̘͓͇̘̱̱̩̼̣̩̥͙̯̪̍͒̈́͂̉̒͊̏̎̓̏͌͒̈́̅̀̕ͅͅT̵̢̡̧̟̰̠̰̜͍̩̖̣̗̦͎̰͓́̃̄̂͑̌́̑̀̽͛͌̓̈́͊͆̿̀̓̓̏̓̃͐̈̉̀̋̋͊͘͘̕͜͝Í̷̢̧̨̦̻̝͉̱̫̺̣͈̻̼̟̱͔̫̯͉̬͛̉̽̈́̏͂́̑́̓̌̈̎͂̉̓̉̔̐͐̒̃̀̽̋́̓̽̿̽̎̈́̉̈́͌̈́̃̐̂̕͠͠͝͝ͅͅO̴̢̨̹̹̬̮̥͍͔̫͓̝̣͉̹͈̥̘̿͒̊̀́̀̎̿͊͒̈́̌͂̄́̄̓͂̓̀͆̈̄̍̈́̎͐́́̿̈̾̽̓̍̓̋́͛͐̈́̇̊͂͗̎́͘͠͠N̸̛̦̥͙̟̖̟̠̽̄̈́̈̆̾̃͑̌̊̂̆͑͊͆̂̅̀̂̃̓͊͆͒̚̕͠͠͠ͅ
You know you want a rhino in your logo and you want a name based on that and not your product/service or anything else that’s actually useful? What’s with all the people lately asking questions that shouldn’t even be asked in this sub.
Yes but the energy and matter disperses after we die. It’s no longer together, like you said, and so it’s no longer “us”. It’s only a part of us while we’re alive and together. The togetherness is what makes it unique and what gives us consciousness. So yes, we are always a part of the universe and that gives me great comfort, but those pieces of us that float around after we die aren’t stamped with our knowledge or personality or our soul.  The other stuff - the DMT experiences, the children recalling past lives (which is actually very infrequent and almost always unconfirmed), and the thoughts of repeating history sound nice and almost poetic in a way, but there’s just no good evidence that any of it is true. I’ve read up quite a bit on DMT and listened to some podcasts about it and it’s all super interesting, but it all comes back to an experience that someone had while taking drugs. And some experiences that people have directly contradict other experiences that other people on DMT have also had, which right there tells me that it’s unlikely that there’s some deeper truth there.   In any case, all of these anecdotal stories that people have for an afterlife or rebirth or the process of dying all occur within a functioning brain. Whether it be from DMT, or a near death experience, it’s all happening in someone’s brain. But we’re talking about what happens when that brain stops functioning. And of course, we don’t have any stories from people who have had their brain stop for periods of time, so its just difficult for me to conclude that there is any good reason to think there’s something beyond that based of the knowledge we currently have.  And don’t get me wrong, I would *love* to be wrong on this. I love thinking about the kinds of possibilities there could be for an afterlife or rebut thing process. I too have considered the idea of the same personalities just recycling over and over. It’s a cool concept. I don’t think it could possibly be that simple (our population growing exponentially would create a need for “new” personalities over time), but either way I just don’t see a reason to think that it is or could be true. You acknowledge that and say that it’s just a feeling that you have, and I know that’s a super common response with super natural beliefs and a response that I used to give too. But when I truly asked myself why I had those feelings, it usually came down to what I *wanted* to be true as opposed to actual truth. I think that (and religious belief/indoctrination) are probably the main source of those feelings for many. There is mystery in our brains, our lives, our deaths. But we are also one species on one tiny planet in one small solar system within a larger galaxy which is one of hundreds of billions of galaxies in our universe. Are we the only special ones that get an afterlife? Does every living being have an afterlife? Do ants, for example, have an afterlife? Why or why not? How about the alien beings on a moon hundreds of billions of light years away? Our lives are amazing and precious, but almost impossibly small. I think there is an obvious desire to exist forever in all of us, I just don’t think the evidence is there to back it up.   Thank you for the response and the conversation, I very much appreciate it!
The size of human beings is right about in the middle between the Planck length (smallest possible distance of space) and the whole universe. We exist in the sweet spot.
You know you can edit..
I already pronounce it that way :D "Jif" sounds stupid.
Not “Pummel horse”?
lol, imagine quoting Sam Harris and being serious about it.
Penelope Cruz, Rachel McAdams, and Angelina Jolie
Cute little tables outside a cafe with an umbrella, crusty French bread, and a bottle of red wine - on a cobblestone street.
IDK
Make sure I close the tab out because of the constant fear of opening my phone in front of someone and porn being there
The one in Babylon 5
Zendaya
Emma Stone
Yes. I don’t know why but yes.
Foam pit
Christina Aguilera
An extension cord that had exposed wire. It was quite a shock.
From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them, and that is eternity.  Edvard Munch
Be responsible for all you do and say and work to improve always,
Wasn't Christianity just Jewish fan fiction to begin with?
Was looking for this. My first crush Rachel Weiz and Denise Richards and found Jennifer Connelly couple of years later.
And Bulma's cooking?
Interstellar
Any Winehouse all the way
Rap God
Hmm
Ha! I get that too sometimes
let them know about it in advance, so they can save face by pretending to have known about it through their fake psychic powers.
29 here
I never had one, don’t ever want one.
As a young woman, there’s been a lot, especially growing up, and much of it is repressed, but the thing that always stands out when this question is asked is when I was about 12 years old, so had just entered into high school in Scotland. Girls were made to wear a dark blue polo shirt, form fitting black shorts, and knee high socks during physical education, (boys wore similar although they were permitted to wear baggy white shorts or joggers) Though not where near as sexualising.   Anyway, we had PE last outside this day in particular and I was helping return the equipment at the end of the class, and this group of lads on the balcony of the school watched me climb the stairs with my hands full (was carrying large traffic cones) and one of them ran up behind me and pinched me in between the legs, I screams and jumped in the air and he and his friends laughed, and unfortunately I was too shell shocked to tell the teacher who just missed witnessing it happen.
Start a dictatorship country
Amy jo Johnson the mighty morphing pink ranger
To be faaaiiiiir, good or bad at geography, everything north of the city is "upstate" lol
Just two weeks ago one of my co-workers came to work early, sat in the break room until it was her time to come in, clocked in, washed her hands, put gloves on to be able to touch food. Then tells someone she can't taste a damn thing. Scared everyone with more susceptible family (including me).
Pee your pants because nobody will notice
Charlton Heston
les frères heureux
MONOKUMA
The first sip of soda outta the can
Shrek
Amelia Shankley
Real strong argument for West Virginia right here, but I’ll let you have it Mississippi!
Idk about whipping them, but I'd be down.
My brother-in-law made me the executor of his will because he knows his family (his parents/siblings, not my sister he married) would do exactly this. He says I’m level headed and just enough of a bitch to put my foot down and make sure shit gets done the way he wants.
Worms eat me.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Chris Pine- those dreamy eyes- also still is my celeb crush
Best answer ever.
Used to be Avril Lavigne but unlike her, I aged.
Hard work will only get you so far, the rest is purely luck.
Hillary Duff, Lizzy McGuire was bae 😍 Also, Kim Possible in cartoon category.
Dog pee
Rumor is Danielle will be in how I met your father (remake of How I met your mother, starring Hillary Duff). Two girls, one show.
Every person in the world is an android except you.
Michael Jackson and Donnie Osmond
Cuddling. Making out. Both can be hot and sweet at the same time.
If you mean cows milk. I like it. But I don't like everything that happens to the cow in order to get it.  So I stopped drinking it..
It’s not a faux dive, it’s a dive.
He did ads for a pet shop? Makes the Grapist pitch extremely banal....
Paddy’s pub
The one with nothing left
Do it yesterday.
Me? No. Been there, didn't care and have the same mindset as the person you're responding to. I don't know what's going to happen when I die and that doesn't scare me. Go ahead and shoot me.
Atta boy! Taking the initiative is a huge key. You love to see it.
Became sort of lactose intolerant over the past year or two, so..shitty.
Counting Stars
That women can't make sandwiches
I would log out. Nothing comes from digging after the fact.
Harvell's.  Just don't stay too late.
Billy Idol!
The focus is on growth, not on balance.
Marmite & peanut butter on toast
Megan Fox
I’m worried when I die I’m not going to know what to do and get stuck in some weird loop. I just hope there’s some clear signs to read with my name on them. “Go up the motherfucking stairs Mighty, you got 10 minutes till your bus departs”.
next week
Most depressing? House and Sand and Fog. Even if you're doing really well mentally, don't watch that movie.
Jessica Simpson
My ex-boyfriend would ask me “Want to go to bed?” every time. It sounds innocent and cute, but what happened in said bed was absolutely not.
Daniel Radcliffe
Maybe the decision maker in HR found a better job. Or was asked to leave because his most recent hires were terrible.
Sleeping 💤😪😴
Soja verna hasther ajayega
Never had one
Thank you very much. My last real bad state was March 2020 when shit hit the fan in my country. I’m actually doing much better, in therapy and have a great support system around me now. I think and hope that I will never fall so hard and so fast again. You too my friend. Good luck to you🤍
Genie Francis and Amy Grant
Or in my grandmother’s case, your relatives fight over whether or not to get rid of them.   (She’s not actually dead yet)
Unless something resets, never.
This is so accurate!
EDlemon150 - Thank you!!!
I'll think about it
If you're spooning you just give a thrust and if she thrusts back it's on.
Eliza Dushku, Natalie Portman, and Keira Knightley. Also Elliot Page. Markiplier is also a big one lol
Fresh shorts.
Ask, don’t assume.
"We're about to go on our final mission, if any ladies would like to visit my cabin"
Morticia Addams.
I can ruin my own life just like that
lsd  very rational if you ask me
JTT
Meeting my friends like all the time. Now it can take weeks to meet up
She was looking good in Sin City, but the hooker with the blue eyes was fire.
Yea one of these will apply to most man tbh
Paddy's Pub
Same
This works great until the dog gets in the way
Yum! I really love some good Chicken and Waffles! Where is your favorite place?!
My hands are never idle thinking of Jessica Alba.
Poor Richards from The Office. Although there is one in Scranton apparently, they didn’t film it there but on a set in LA. I wanna go play with the claw machine that Toby won the duck on.
Hahahah, personally it’s ‘war terr’ 😂
Thank you ❤️
I’m guessing 33, because I came here to say it. I had a little poster out of a magazine of Danielle Fishel.  She’ll always be my first crush.
Abstraction, ok. How's the stained glass?
Never.
Something like, "Is cereal a soup?" or "Is tomato a fruit?"
I live in a progressive and educated city and where boutique bodegas with wine tasting 'get togethers' are a thing. I'm just an elitist moderate democrat minding my business ok?
Advice for a child; if ANY adult tells you (the child) to keep a secret, then tell another adult immediately.
Guy btw. People talk to me then they realise that I like playing with yoyos and never talk to me again. So yeah not great
Turn off my hazard lights and speed up.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
If she seems too smart, too pretty, or has too much class for me lmao basically if she’s out of my league in some way. But mainly, on a serious note, for me it’s confidence, intelligence, and honestly backbone. I like independent people.
Actually, according to a recent democracy index, we are considered a deficient democracy, which, you know, kind of explains all you need to know about America in two words.
Cocaine and hookers
Potato bread is the best for sandwiches. Bread pudding is also the bad ass
That is disgusting 🤜
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pqiu3v/what_do_you_think_really_happens_after_death
Zoey Deschanel
Painful if anything splatters on you
2+2=3
Ruby
It'd be a shorter list to name the ones I actually like.
Did you fall from heaven? Because I think you landed on your face.
Confidence and desperation is a bad combo.  A gentlemanly approach will never go out of fashion.  Always groom yourself, no matter what age you get to. Trust me, even in your 40s and 50s, you will stand out so much more compared to other dudes your age.
A nail clipper
T E Lawrence’s
I like helping people.
I forget all my dreams.
Marry Elizabeth Winstead.
This history of SirSureSire, the billion year old reddit commenter? I knew I was awesome, but I didn't know I was a saint.
they wouldn't grasp it due to their being another religion that isn't theirs.
Fair enough romance and a world ending apocalypse sounds like 2013 Young adult novel
It ran for a while as others said, and I have an older brother who watched it as well.
Just shout "FUCK" and soon enough you'll both get accustomed to it
Either it’s pure black, you come back as either an animal or another human person, or there’s a heaven or an afterlife similar to Coco (2017)
Well no, at start is actually pretty dull and mild, but when it gets to the point where it IS agonizing, it might aswell be too late.
Nice
No, I didn’t see it coming either but I have absolutely no regrets or feelings of guilt. She’s extremely difficult to deal with, a lot of us have had problems with her.
Chill bro i’m not using them it’s just bc it’s fun
You would be too if you were this awesome, ya looser
Maybe also Chaco canyon? It's a landmark of the Southwestern U.S. that seems to be pretty famous nation-wide.
Real quick how would “ important juices “ be lost with moving the steak ? The issue with multiple moves and over handling is heat loss
"You reap what you sow."  You've never seen my dogshit gardening.
I used to love in Portland and we had a SERIOUS meth problem
Only watched in re-runs, but I’m not ashamed to say - Lucille Ball and Ginger from Gilligan’s Island.   Got a thing for r/redheads (NSFW)
Why would I want to do that shit?
Michael J Foc
The Cafe from the Hitchhiker Guide to the galaxy
I could answer that but I've never had a girlfriend nor do I have any experience with instagram
Boyfriend just rolls up his sleeves or if he wants to be really obvious he comes up behind me & digs a canine tooth into my neck. Instantly hot.
When I was a kid I would have this recurring dream where I was running up a flight of stairs that went on for eternity. The further up I went the steeper the stairs got. Eventually, It would be too steep for me to climb and I would fall and the feeling of falling would wake me up.  Think about it all the time.
Imagine there’s no John Lennon It’s easy if you try
Holst, Planets
Getting into relationships just for the sake of being in one.
It differs from person to person.  For me it's intelligence and the ability to reason.
I will forever refuse to call Starbucks water and brown powder coffee.
31?
David Tennant, still going strong to this day
My friend who loathes his father calls him that.
True I think I struggle with thoughts like this because I have a very toxic family and relatives. I had to learn how to let alot of criticism and negativity roll off maybe deep down part of me still feels guilty for having confidence which is ridiculous but I guess it makes sense from where I came from
to view a Bond is australia cost $5 (3.66 USD), I can probably walk down to a second hand shop and get a DVD cheaper than that.
Fighting in World War 2
Put my binoculars in the bag and carefully climb out of the tree.
People saying milk isn’t good for you is vegan propaganda… see that idea goes both ways.
You die.
\+1 Strength boost for every baseball, tennis ball or any other kind sports ball hit hard.
I have a child, I will have my child with me and other parents will still get weird if their kid wants to pet my dog, not with the dog but with me if I talk to their kids “watch out she’ll try to jump up and lick you”. This is mainly with mothers as opposed to other fathers.
Tia Carrera.
So you can't back it up because I have had a look and it all says its lower?
You're supposed to watch incest not do it
Because *curiosity*
Ville Valo
This... Sounds even better than the Bob's Burgers we got. I would definitely watch a cartoon about cannibals running a burger joint.    Wait... This brings a whole new meaning to the funeral home being next to the restaurant. And why the business on the other side constantly changes it.     I love this so much.
Alyssa Milano. Still is!
Honestly, the bars in the Harvest Moon franchise. All of them are different, and even if the theme is similar, are unique based on the game you play. I think it would be a lot of fun bullshitting with the characters you grow to love while playing the game, and would love to try multiple types of drinks the franchise has 'created', in particular moomoo milk.  In saying that the names are quite innocent, but they are alcoholic drinks (even if they aren't outright said in a lot of games for the sake of rating).
The wiggler quad in Mario Kart 8. A vehicle resembling a centipede with anger issues is at the top of every tier list and you see the ugly thing in 80% of your online matches.
I have done something similar “WHO APPROVED THIS!?” With an attached document from the top of the ladder. I’m at the bottom AND in a new country so people seem to think I don’t know how “things work here”
Shailene Woodley. Too many reasons to enumerate here, plus a new one that came up as I typed this: both her first and last name autocorrected and I had to fix them. Ain’t nobody got time for that when they’re on a rant!
Please insert credits to continue
It takes me a long time to realise I'm pissed off at somebody after they've wronged or slighted me in some way. In the moment I'll either not know how to respond or I might not even have noticed it, but by the time I figure it out it's too late to react or it's too petty for me to bring up again.  Difficult to explain that, haha. But that annoys me the most, I wish I was more confrontational. Immediately call people out, clear the air straight away and get over it, that kind of thing.
All the former evil members of the Reich said after WW2 : We were just following orders 🙄
They said that before The Great War started and we saw what happened
Figure out who can be scared next 🙃
Was naturally like that, since no one is born believing in a religion. Never found a religion I could believe in. Tried Christianity, didn't really buy it, saw the massive hypocrisy there, and then looked farther back, and realized that there were thousands of deities worshipped before christ, and It made no sense that this one was right, while all the otheres were wrong.  Tried Odinism and couldn't believe that either.Tried looking into Judaism, couldn't buy that euther. Tried hellenism, same thing there.   I thought I had to believe in a religion because everyone else I knew did, and I came to point where I was just done trying. Hypocrites everywhere in religious circles. Everywhere. Judging others because they didn't believe the same thing they did. Missionaries and preachers telling everyone they'd be punished for not believing, no matter how good they were to others.  The above problems really weren't that present in Hellenism and Odinism, which by themselves had their own problems, often being tied to white suptemacy.  I just finally was done with it, and there was no benefit to me either way, as I was already a good person, and if I was going to be punished for not believing, I didn't want to praise that deity anyway.  Never bought it, but tried to.
When I was about 4 years old, before I really learned how to swim, I was on a pool float. I was being babysat by some of our extended family. The adults went somewhere else. I remember the last adult telling me to just stay on the float and sincerely agreeing to do so. Then I got uncomfortable and shifted just a little and the float dumped me. The water was about a foot over my head, and this pool didn't have a shallow end, stairs, or a ladder.  I looked around under water for a second then decided to try jumping to grab onto the float. I tried to reach the float a few times, but each jump was a little less successful. I wasn't even able to break the surface the last two times.   I remember feeling panic when my lungs started burning, but it was brief. I was holding my breath, looking up at the sky and sun through the water. Suddenly, I just felt very calm and peaceful. Like everything would be OK. When I couldn't hold my breath any longer, I opened my mouth. I saw the bubbles rise past my face as I felt the water rush in. Then nothing. In my next moment of awareness, I was waking up, completely dry, on their couch. No one ever talked about it or said anything. Only the crystal clear realism is why I'm certain it wasn't just a dream.  Whenever anyone has asked me those "would you rather" or "how would you want to go" questions, drowning is how I answer. It's fast. The pain and panic only last as long as you can hold your breath, if even that long. But it's that sense of total calm and peace that I'd want to have in my last moments. The process of dying itself concerns me far more than what comes after.
Amy Jo Johnson
It is so weird to see conservatives continually denigrate trans people as subhuman. What do you gain from doing that?
Nudes.
Jennifer Lawrence and Alexandra Daddario
REM Sleep. I have lived a new life not life on earth, and then woke up……to this life
Sorry to say, even with family you would get zero help. (4 x Executor here two with no wills!)
I too find this take on death to be quite possibly true. I've tried to just dismiss it as nonsense or mere wishful thinking, but it just keeps on returning to my mind as a genuine possibility. I'm convinced that if you do lose all sense of time that the moment experienced after this loss would basically be infinite in nature and length. So while you actually die soon after losing your perception of time, you would be completely unaware of it. As far as your perception goes, you'd be forever conscious and present in such a timeless moment. It makes sense to me anyway, but I admit that I am quite possibly totally wrong. After all we're not really very well equipped to understand or even conceive of existence without experiencing time or infinity.
That's all that hospice prescribes anymore for me (Oxy), and it's been the most effective, but still not nearly completely. Sigh...it's odd.
When it’s heavy.
The funny part is how universal it is, we have the same saying here in Norway (and thus I presume in many other countries as well) despite it not being true.
Motivation
Joe
A guy getting help from the woman's family to sabatage her birth control by replacing it with fake lookalike pills so that he could keep her by impregnating her and so the woman's family could have a grandkid out of her.   Anything involving using real or fake children to keep partners together.
Its not your fault
Why?  She’s the EX. That two letter word is everything.
That's pretty funny 😅
Same. I'm surprised I had to scroll this much to find this answer
JW's: *"Hello sir, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour Jesus Christ?"*    God:*becomes atheist*
I'm sorry you're going through that
Jacks, as in the toys. Not fun.
I don't,  because the covid deaths are still distinct and the excess deaths are already higher than the increased numbers you saw in other causes.
Benedict Timothy Carlton Cumberbatch idk why but u hate all his movies and his accent.
Koestritzer
Allison Mishaka, EG Daley, or Hillary Duff
Molly Ringwald
Xenon II
Phoebe Cates
Black
Really an SLC punk reference or just coincidence?? Lol
Justin Timberlake with blonde curls
Zendaya (past and current)
Britney Spears
I think you die after dying i have tested this out yet
I agree that university groups tend to be more diverse. I have a college friend that I also went to school with but never even spoke in school, just ran in different circles back then
Christ!! I just hope someone clears my browser history..
Well, apparently her significant other up until then had a really, really small dick. You could hold up a pinky and you'd be very generous level of small.
Vanilla ice cream is the best flavor FIGHT ME
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm sorry!
What do you call cheese that doesn't belong to you???  Nacho cheese, lol lol lol
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m in my late 20s, I’d love for someone to ask me to take naps and we ACTUALLY NAP! I’d consider that more intimate than sex! I treasure my naps!!!
You mean like Trump?
 My big wet pushy my big wet pushy needs an ice cream cone mmm mmm chocolate n strawberry
If youve accepted christ as your savior, then you go to heaven. If not then you go to hell. Weve all sinned and come short of the Glory of God.
Extraordinary tales.  I can watch it 10 times in a row and it feels new (since i have no idea if every story has some meaning, or it was made to be confusing/scary).
Look back in disgust at the furries and femboys and other rancid things I jerked off to.
Botw link.
Don't care what reddit thinks about it, but I love it.
I’d have to visit wherever that is, is it true that redbacks are far more common to be bitten by than a Funnel Web?
GIF stands for Graphic Interchange Format, so it should be pronounced with a hard G. You know I'm right.
Shaquille O'Neal. Because the MF couldn't make a damn free throw.  I hate him now because he's in literally every single commercial on TV.
Kill time,  slow af at work
You forgot corn. Too much corn. Corn. Corn......
Rules are there to be broken.
Why is it different than thinking the earth was flat?
My first teenage crush was Corey Haim. I used to have a poster of him that I would kiss so much that the paper eventually wore out. So embarrassing to think about now, but I was probably 13 at the time. I was so sad to hear how his life turned out.
I don't believe in ghosts or anything. But The human body is made of energy, and that energy has to go somewhere when you die. Any time I feel a presence or a bad vibe somewhere I'm positive someone died, I'm almost certain it's little more than leftover energy from where the body died.
Megan Fox
Those batteries that can jump start your car and a multi tool pocket knife.
damn man
Kim Possible.
Lol no
Yes
BORED
Silver
100% same. Watching Gillian Anderson in the fall rekindles that 15% nicely too.
I came here to either find this one in the comments or put it here myself.
WHO'S A GOOD ET? WHO'S A GOOD ET???
A random little girl (about 3 years old) who took my hand at the subway telling me she was really happy for going to the beach with his dad who gave her a big Minnie mouse balloon. It was so sweet.
You missed the point. Again.  I'll leave the rest of the world alone when the rest of the world leaves animals alone
"Cringe" is actually one of the words the youngins use that I don't roll my eyes at! The ones I hate are: "... but OK." "I can't even" "Epic" "Wins the Internet"  But yeah, I can see why saying cringe is so cringe 😂😂😂
John Stamos
Katy Perry
was u bullied or nounced? Empowered & Revengeful cos of ur childhood abuse.
$amc
A...          Lie?
Quitting 😭
Drop your pants
Trent Lane
Will Smith
Work out and focus on yourself trust me
why would you want to live on for eternity? it’s like being in a timeloop. Not to mention life is shit
Winning a car in 2009  Winning a car in 2011  Wife finding out that she was now cancer free  Spending $18 for $270 worth of stuff this morning
Elizabeth Ruth Grable
This is kind of true in Animorphs.
Gay bar with the gay Lincoln in it
When I was 15, I got into an argument with a friend.  At the time, there was a lot of drama going on at home, and this friend wanted to know the details.  After he kept badgering me, I told him just so he'd shut up, and I made him swear not to tell anyone.  However, this escalated into an argument where he kept insulting my mother.  After he ignored my warning to stop, I lightly kicked him.  I barely touched him, but like a bratty little sibling who got smacked for annoying his brother, he whined to another friend and exaggerated what really happened.  So, I got kicked out, but he thought I hadn't suffered enough.  So, he deliberately told my other friends the dark family secret I told him in confidence from earlier while I was locked outside begging him to stop.
A triangle is a 2 dimensional shape, how would that even work
The Viking at Stamford bridge. He single handedly held off the entire English army and killed many of them before dying on a bridge.
A lifetime of atheists preaching about how their way was the only way, anyone who doesn’t believe as they do is dumb, their science texts are the best texts, etc.
Fuck what Reddit thinks lol
Alyson Hannigan
10 forward
Jessica Alba
Carmen electra
I don’t know but I highly doubt it I will be in a lot of pain afterwards so I don’t really care. Maybe there’s a heaven, that would be neat. Or maybe there’s nothing after death and it’s basically just an eternal nap, that’s also fine by me. Imagine getting that much time to nap. I can barely get in 2 hours of nap time on some days.
i've always gotten hangovers ever since i was a teenager, yall just got lucky lmao
What they meant demanded to be understood, so it went to Gandhi, nonviolence.
All psychics are fake
Nicole Kidman. And I have never felt more alone in this world than I do right now.
Dominique Dawes.
Michał Drzymała.  There was a period in history when Poland was occupied by Russia, Austria and Prussia (Germany). Prussian authorities wanted to overtake the Polish land, so they supported Germans settling on Polish areas but denied the Poles the right to buy the land or build a house.   So, mister Drzymała bought a circus wagon and made it his home. At that time, Prussian law assumed that a dwelling was a house if it was stationary for more than 24 hours, so he would just move the wagon every day, thus avoiding any penalties. Bonus points of making fun of absurd law and annoying the occupants.
Pronounce water as "Wah-tthaa-her-haa-her"
Covfefe
When I saw Selma Hayek in from Dusk til Dawn, a lifelong passion for latinas erupted in me that I will never be able to quell
Fruit cake with a frosting that has picture of Grim Reaper giving me the middle finger
Because not there, before.
Karen and Ken
Honestly, Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint from Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets when their hair grew out lol
There she is
Johnathan Taylor Thomas
Because I don’t love myself yet.
Sweat and homework
Disagree
Soul Knight
A wooden railroad beam takes first place. A toothpick takes second place.  The beam had a bit of wood jutting up I didn't see and I accidentally kicked it with my bare toe while walking down it. This ended with me being held down while someone pulled my bloody, broken toenail off with a pair of pliers. I was maybe 9 or so? I was left with a fear of open toed shoes and sandals well into me twenties as a result.  The toothpick happened when I was 17. Dad dropped one on the floor. The end of it caught on my sock. The other end caught in the carpet. It speared straight up and drove itself halfway into my heel. About a third of it broke off inside and stayed there for a month before I could pop it out like an infected zit.
I wish to cause u immense pleasures
Tapanga, Boy Meets World
Jordan Knight
Sorry!
Leaving them the fuck alone works
Taylor Momsen for sure, or any other goth girls in music/media
Drew Barrymore. Nom nom nom(after all these years she's still bacon)
Yes I was hoping someone would say her. I had a huge crush on her and it was very cringe looking back at it now.
Burden of a Day, with Kendall back singing. Blessed Be Your Ever After is album with, Kendall. Also, you're welcome.
'The Ricks must be crazy,' is one of the best plotlines I've seen-- The weird ship-defense side-plot, the multi-layered dimensional thing, homie realizing his entire reality was someone's fabrication, from someone who was fabricated by Rick-- I think it has some really great moments.
Ariel, the Little Mermaid.
Jumping onto someone's dick from the bannister of your bed. I hearby declare the ULTIMATE DICK BREAKER
I once saw Oreo topped kebab Pizza. I didn't just leave the place.. I lost my appetite to eat lunch.
Agnetha Fältskog
Tied you up? Damn I just got the classic leather belt or wooden spoon.
Her and Josie Maran. IDK how many people know who Josie is
Mythical monster > Italian plumber
Sorry for the silly American stereotypical idealism
Very determined
Erik von Detten
Why would telling your age matter?
Very ‘Monkey’s Paw.’ Well done.
Existential crisis
I'll press X to respawn.
Waking up from a refreshing 8 hours of sleep to a cup of Caramel coffee with whipped cream and Caramel drizzle.
Lol this is the only reason I know who she is
Which God?
nice one sadly these days too many people are divorced and divorcing fucking up our future generations
Hagamos el sin respeto
I had just starting dating this woman when one night she invites me over to her place. Her roommate was there so I thought we were just going to hang out for a bit. She decided that we should go out to go buy some weed. On the way there she says that her roommate is leaving soon and she should be gone before we return. Then she says "when we get back we should have the place to ourselves so we can smoke for a bit and then you can fuck me..." I look at her and she's got a grin from ear to ear. She laughed at my surprised face because I wasn't expecting her to be so direct. It was a good night. That was the first time we had sex. Too bad the relationship didn't work out. We broke up after about 4 months.
Bruh
Solsbury
Farrah Fawcett
Damn, the original one I've in mind doesn't tranlate well - Chair and "Shit" can be named/spoken and written the same way in German (Stuhl), so to be classy means not only to ask if you could put the "Stuhl" aside for her.   But here two others;  Says the Hat to the Tie; "Hang around, I'll go ahead"  and  Yesterday I insulted a Communist, I told him he would look classy.
He wasn't wrong. A professional creeper is still a creeper. Also, job or not that is YOUR property and you can 100% report them for trespassing.
Jonathan Taylor Thomas.
That BLM is a terrible organization doing a terrible job screwing up a very important topic and worthwhile goal for the US. And thinking that does not make a person at all racist.
oof
Id have to visit Paddy's  pub from its always sunny.
Same thing that happened before life
I was in kindergarten with Adam @ Eve.  Brigitte Bardot for me.
Valerie Bertinelli was the first woman to make me feel a little different.
It
To make sure that they haven’t been played?
np dude
It's honestly one of my favourite movies
I put hot sauce on at least one meal every day.
Ashley Tisdale from The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
That sounds hypocritical, if life is meaningless why don't we all just commit suicide ?  Life is never meaningless in that sense
If you can goad them into doing something as a competitive game or something that works quite well
I just think you’d get super sweaty, especially in the summer. Like water condensing or sweat in one of these dentist chairs
A sick breakdown and guttural vocals
Topenga
Mulder and Scully 😌
BBW: 1/week  Swimsuit Model: 2-4/day   ...even after she had my kids.
Gimme Shelter
Thank you
Yasmin Bleeth
Bugs. Like keep them around for the eco-system or whatever, but remove them from *my* life.
Why carry out such a waste of money and life as that when you could just compare Texas and Hawaii, their policies and the results ooooorrrrrr Florida and California while bearing in mind the size of Florida's elderly population and the predominantly younger population of California 🙂  Compared to the UK or Canada- yes Sweden disregarded this pandemic and your fear mongering. Ask around how much of their population masks up, kid,
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pqtuf3/if_you_were_asked_to_choose_one_iphone_model_for/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Greta Garbo
Got tired of discord
Eagle from magic knight rayearth
I can’t not call her Valerie Burt-n-Ernie. Really changes all those Lifetime movies with her.
Sedate the psychic and everyone wears Magento helmets.
Cindy Crawford
Kevin Richardson from BSB
Life is a balance, we do the best we can as our situation dictates, and we learn as we go.  We balance what is best for us with what is best for everyone else.   Again, reflection and self awareness are huge! Don't beat yourself up too hard.
7.8 billion people is 5.8 billion too many  The fixes are pretty simple, just hard to get people on board
Oregon?
JTT
#I’M UGLY AND I’M PROUD
I know you are but what am I
JLH
Stefan and Damon Salvatore.
You just made my fucking day
2 sex
Yes because I know the level of love and loyalty I can give
Spending money they don't have on things they don't need
Miley Cyrus, anyone?
Miranda Cosgrove
Lol exactly. Didnt hear a lot of kellys until i started working in a mostly senior living area. I didnt even know that many existed 😂
Any song I like.
I just want to see my relatives and pets again.
Do you think the op only wanted answers saying "I don't know"? They're clearly looking for opinions since it's obvious that nobody knows. That's why the question is asking for what people *think* happens.  It's ironic that you're accusing me of splitting hairs when you're essentially just trying to get everyone in the thread to preface their answers with "I don't know, but here's what I think".
Emergency pack, tent, a handgun or carbine,12 gauge shotgun, and ammo for those.
Gabriel Damon
Teacher or even teaching assistant.. work hard to get children to excel at school but sometimes, the child who now a grown up has regressed, eg.turn to crime, drugs.   (My mum used to be a teaching assistant at a secondary school, helping a boy who has various disabilities to pass exams, years later, as an adult, after being put into supported living, he regressed by gaining loads of weight and lacking motivation)
??? I’m done googling basic facts for you my dude. It’s also on every bottle in the supermarket. Silk used to literally put “twice the calcium of dairy milk!” On the front in big print
Nah bro
Bill Kaulitz from Tokio Hotel :D
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Try to notice if people treat you differently than others. Do they react to you differently?  Talk to you differently?  Etc.
I just start talking about how cool whales are, works better than anything i tried before to get a girl interested in a conversation.
One of my favorites!
I'm 10 days post op ACL surgery. I feel as if my hobbies of being outdoors and active have been stripped away. I can't walk without crutches and things like cleaning my room or getting a cup or tea take 3x longer and more energy. Everybody who asks me about my injury usually ends the conversation with, "that really sucks." The building my classes are in have stairs and no ramps and I have found myself a bit embarrassed taking one step at a time, holding up the rushing students behind me. I've been through this injury before so initially I felt I could certainly handle it with the experience gained, not the case. I am really struggling. I try my best to be grateful for what I have, and be aware that this is a temporary experience, and will pass.
Hm. Not sure. I go with the Holsten Gate in Lübeck.
I slept for 24-27 hours before. My mom told me she hadn’t seen me for Atleast a day
NYC -> Westchester -> upstate
DING! DING! DING!  we have a winner!🎉
Way more drinkable water
I'm going to imagine air traffic control might get interesting
Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen
Solid guess. I’ll be 38 in nov and she was mine
Cut his/her tongue ☝️
„The People who Love us, will miss us.“  ~ Keanu Reeves
OP really likes Scrubs
I am coming back to haunt people
Bill Kaulitz from Tokio Hotel :D
Julian Casablancas. Still is.
I was there at the Viper Room the night he died. It was mid-week, I think, and I have no idea why we thought it’d be a good idea to go all the way over to WeHo for drinks. I remember Darius Rucker being there, too. I think they were friends.
Be brave in the heart
Juliette Lewis
margot robbie
Topanga
Credibility of anything 2k years old would be difficult. Hypothetically, Jesus could be the result of a first century Mandela Effect and I feel like it would be difficult to prove otherwise.
charlie chaplin
That is why I’m all about sleeping in the nude! It’s the best
Well, I mean, think about it like this:  What is your name? It's not: What; is your name?  That's what the person is hanging up on.  Where do you go out to eat?   How often do you go?  Neither of those sentences get a semicolon.
Same here. Only I'll get nothing but a bunch of house plants
Don't worry, you will
I'm so sorry 😠💔
Why do you think your religion is more likely to be right than the hundreds that came before it? Wouldn't it be more likely that, say, the Egyptians or the Babylonians had it right? Since they beat Jesus to the punch by at least a couple thousand years?
We don’t drink warm beer, you’re thinking of ale. Lived in England all my life and when we go out we only ever drink cold beer or spirits/wine.
D.B.Cooper's mystery.
Catherine Zeta-Jones  . .  The Mask of Zorro time
Ideally you get buried, rather than put in a freezer and eaten as a snack.
Thank you very much! And as someone who has dealt with suicidal stuff, I hope that you are feeling better and that it will never get that bad again..
My family gets sad and I seize to exist
Howyagoing
Pizza. Because pizza.
[The Egg](http://www.galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg_mod.html)
let me in.. I wanna fuck! - that techno guy on YouTube named Mark R.
They drew a lot of pictures.
Gen X-er
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All the rules.
Miley Cyrus in her angsty phase
Your dick size does not matter.
What an obtuse way of thinking.
Drains my battery
Is it western Virginia or West Virginia?
We live in a house that is less than 600 sq feet and in the last 2 years we’ve lost one of my son’s favorite toys, a pair of shoes, and a large cup that was filled with water.  Where do these things go?
Eh?
This is an easy one for me since I know hundreds of songs, but for style points I'm going for the intro to Fresh Prince of Bel Air.  Sometimes I like to make things unnecessarily hard though, so might just have to do Visions of Johanna.
If nothing you do matters, all that matters is what you do. Don't do things because of how you think others will perceive you, do things based on how future you will look back on it.
A bic lighter
"Would you like a back rub?"
That’s why you go on. r/Askredditafterdark
Look forward to the next one.
everything briefly goes black as you watch the respawn timer tick down and the current rankings, and then you spawn back in
I'll pass on Elijah as Frodo though lol
My cat is named Cosmo.
Hayden Panettiere
Paranormal Activity
What I mean is that a man being abused by his gf or wife is just laughed at compared to when its woman being abused. Male victims of spousal abuse will never get the justice female victims gets.
Matt Dillon
I’m just banking on the reincarnation theory, if all that’s left after this is the void then my god is that depressing
I mean smart people tend to be crazy (no offense)
Nick Jonas
Oof, reminds me of a dream I had once. I was in a car with my mom, she was driving, and something happened and we crashed head on with another car at like 70mph. The moment of impact, everything went black and I woke up. I laid there for a few moments with my eyes still closed registering the fact I just DIED in my dream. I definitely was freaked out by it but I remember feeling so fucking relieved that it was a dream.
Progressively muscle relaxation exercises.
Bourbon. Horses.
37?
Three
The furries are out loose again smh
hearing
The Sprouse twins
Took my friend's teenage daughter to a nearby historical monument because her mom asked me to (she wasn't feeling well and we had all planned to go). Holy shit, the looks I got. I was about 27 at the time. 0/10
They used butter on film back then. Thin thin, thin layer.
This is going to sound weird, but [LODS 'EMONEY](https://youtu.be/ULeDlxa3gyc)
Beautiful old buildings
Um no
Beware of addiction, my friend.   Beware of addiction.
My parents stayed married instead of being happy.
I heard that if you inject chlorophyll into your body, you don't have to eat at all. Seems like the way to solve the problem altogether, no one would eat again.
ive tried  everything blackmail getting them detentions talking it  to the principal the teacher and the problem just stays put
Sing "This is Major Tom to ground controoooool"
Idk do manly stuff with the other mens who do manly stuff
Teeth!
Annoy with someone
jerky.
nothing because that's none of my business
Sarah Michelle Gellar & Christina Aguilera
Bitch Imma horny.
big building go boom
Ew
I’m surprised there’s no mention of Scott Baio given how he was portrayed at a teenage heart throb. To be clear I didn’t find him attractive. Just surprised he hasn’t been mentioned.
Paying for water
So you’re advocating for the death of illiterate addicts?
[https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deaths-worldwide-per-million-inhabitants/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/1104709/coronavirus-deaths-worldwide-per-million-inhabitants/)  I dunno, man.  According to this, you beat 18 countries, out of 155.   Like, more than 130 countries have done better.  Per capita.  &#x200B;  [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid\_weekly/index.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid_weekly/index.htm)  This one shows deaths by age bracket.  Lot of folks on there well below "ancient".
Amy smart in road trip
Caught me.
Wash your body
Wanna fuck?
tiffany amber thiessen. So in love with her
Yea, this was actually specifically about you, I'm sorry
Yeah I have the big horny but I also care about people and their feelings and wouldn't force myself on someone.
Do you,the world will adjust
1) Christina Ricci.   2) Gillian Anderson.  3) Melissa Joan Hart.
as a gay man who was raised in a heavily catholic house and school I didn't face anything. nothing you stated is true in the slight least.  people treat you different if you're different. doesn't make it right but it's life. they preach love and acceptance. never a single person can completely follow what they preach in this world but they try.
In that context it's not bad as long as you tell them they are doing well already. It's more of an insult when combined with things like "if you would just apply yourself."
Johnny Depp, Hugh Hackman, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Gerry Butler, and George Clooney. Guess my age!
Mini coopers
Cold room, two blankets, a lamp, a long, pristine condition phone charger, and some youtube.
The best answer lol
Oh that's right, I hadn't thought about that in years!
Girl, tonight we're gonna make love.  You know how I know?  Because its Wednesday.
Sarah Michelle Gellar
Honey there is not enough plastic and silicone to fix this monstrosity
Bitcoin
Kirk Cameron (before he went fundie)
Yeah, my price is $420.69 ROFLMAO
Alright, make me a believer
Politics
So more unarmed people killed by cops and you think cops have got nicer with their spouses? Cops say they have never had it worst in terms of work environment.   Yea, they are drinking (drugging probably, too) away after work and unleashing their pent up anger on their families even more!
We're leavin' together  But still it's farewell  And maybe we'll come back  To Earth, who can tell?  I guess there is no one to blame  We're leaving ground (leaving ground)  Will things ever be the same again?  It's the final countdown  The final countdown  Oh   We're headin' for Venus (Venus)  And still we stand tall  'Cause maybe they've seen us  And welcome us all, yeah  With so many light years to go  And things to be found (to be found)  I'm sure that we all miss her so  It's the final countdown  The final countdown  The final countdown (final countdown)
tryna fuck?
The cilantro one is easy - there's a genetic trait that makes it taste like soap, which you either have or don't have. I'm one of the lucky ones who don't have it. Viva el cilantro!
Well, no, if you 'actually die' you don't come back. That's really the definition of actually dying. If you die for a short while and then come back, that was a near death experience, and it happens we know kind of a lot about those. And again, the first guy was saying there's a lot of evidence 'if you bother to look into it with an open mind'. That 'open mind' part is really just a dog whistle for uncritical acceptance on the basis of feelings and desires.
reverse psychology
Megan Fox
Shit
2nd Largest state, also has a butt ton of guns
The coma and nursery wards of my local hospital.
Being naked usually works.
Yeah. Idk y he used that as an excuse. But its something started a years ago one of his bud said.
Yet so many questions in hot lack one or both of these. Why?
Many times in the hospital with liver failure and acities, never did a thing. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Unless some place is giving away cheeseburgers or have some sort of discount, absolutely nothing.
My grandfather had a nervous breakdown sometime in the mid to late 70's and dissappeared for three months my Grandmother and my other relatives looked for him in both California,Nevada, Chicago, and Mexico until they found him on day in Downtown LA near Skid row handing out flyers on the street my Grandmother tried to ask him about his journey and he never wanted to talk about and the entire family decided to respect his reasons and to not bother asking it about after he kept it his secret till the day he died
David Cassidy
Melissa Joan Heart (Sabrina)
and say no homo
Live mouse
Love it, especially out the tip of a penis
Xena warrior princess
How to keep an erect penis to the grave apparently!
That is where the "Janteloven" comes in handy here in Norway, it's basically a set of rules deeply ingrained in our society that can be summed up with; "you are not to stand out from the crowd" and "whatever you are good at there is someone who is better at it".   It helps to keep us grounded in reality.
My bumper I got for my cruiser was about 150 on ebay, granted that was like four or five years ago lol, I couldn't imagine them being that much, it wasn't painted yet but it was primed and ready, I just left it black cause my cruiser was red and black.
When I moved to a different city and enrolled on a nearby school, I thought that everyone was a bit on edge but couldn't put my finger on it, I was really curious so I started asking around. No one wanted to tell me, but after a while, a guy finally told me what was going on.       Apparently there was a teacher in that school that raped a bunch of girls in the changing room almost daily and one of the students killed him in the bathroom. No one knew who the student was, and despite the investigations, the police never found the person. The students were all afraid of going to school and getting killed, because they thought that if they knew anything about it, the person would kill them too. I probably was putting myself at risk for asking questions around, thankfully I graduated with no issues.
Frock away
Grammar police. Open up.   ~Your~ You’re welcome
Tumbbad (2018)
Ashley tisdale
Worrying im not gonna fall asleep
Safe Room with Jodie Foster was that idea and it was a decent movie.
Horseshoe crab blood. Should get me around $40BN.
You must be swift as the coursing river
Katherine Langford
How do you pronounce Grazyna?
Dick Van Dyke.
How did she try to enforce it after you moved out?
Kate Beckinsale
The sentence usually ends with “and chill”
Innocence
My teenage crush? Nicki Minaj, but I’m kinda pissed at her rn lol.  But I used to absolutely love Ross Lynch as a kid!
May I introduce you gentleman to the shower jerk?
Which Consin?
It’s not scrubs it’s the Americans
Literally
Any Tool Albulm
Master of puppets
communisum
Recovery.
From me to you - Quadeca   IMO is a album of perfection and if I ever made music I would want to make songs like that.
Prophet Muhammad's caricature before his followers would behead me
After I mixed vodka with a bottle with lemon concentrate.
Classic album. John Legend is featured on Everything is Everything too!
Baby Shark, it just gives me another reason to die.
Unhappy refrain by wowaka
Dude drops in with the truth
Kendrick Lamar - good kid m.A.A.d. City
Im albino
It was like 1 month ago. I watched horror movie, I don't know the name anymore. The girl had to saw her mother get killed while she escaped... I then didn't want to watch anymore, I am very sensitive and 14, and this was very deep for me
None of this is all that serious. Don’t stress over things you can’t change.
“Southeastern,” Jason Isbell  “Purgatory,” Tyler Childers  “High Top Mountain,” Sturgill Simpson
What are you talking about? Blur didn't break up until a long while after the Oasis "rivalry" and they're in fact still active together now, though I don't think they're currently recording or touring.  Dan the Automator only produced the first Gorillaz album and has never been listed as an active member of the group, though as I understand it, him and Damon Albarn are in fact friends to some degree.
Kings of Leon first two albums - Youth & Young Manhood and Aha Shake Heartbreak  Joni Mitchell - Blue  Green Day - Dookie
candyflip
I dunno, man. Splendor and Misery by clipping. is definitely up there. A memorable space odyssey, for sure.
Everyone is so worried about what they said and did today and  if the people around them are judging them, but in reality we all are going home worrying so much about ourselves that no one is worrying about what YOU did today that may have been awkward or weird.    You did your dang best and that's enough :)
My intelligence
My choices are:   \-Moe's Tavern   \-Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag   \-The Gasworks from Wayne's World to watch live rock bands   \-Sugarfoot's from King of the Hill    \-The pizza restaurant that was always under new management in The Weekenders
28 and I came to say her
Do you really want me to answer this question? I’ll probably hide in a bunker. Like a steel fortress.
For me is American idiot by Green Day
made a witness disappear, judge tossed the case
Pantera. Vulgar Display of Power and Cowboys from Hell.
I have a scar on my forehead… I was home sitting by the window in my room, walked toward the bedroom door and I passed out! Lost consciousness. When I came to, my face was smashed against the molding design on the door. And now I have a wonderful scar.
Guess what my name is lmao
saying that you were "only trying to help" and punishing the person you're trying to "help" because shit actually got worst.  source of issue: my mother when i was getting bullied as a kid seriously if she just let my dad deal with it i wouldnt of been bullied
Water for the win. I do like a little unsweetened soy on my oats in the morning though.
I don't think a lot of kids realise what a gamechanger that album was.   It COMPLETELY shook the hip hop community. Like, to the *core*.  It's one of only two albums I've ever bought on release.  36 chambers, and OK Computer.r
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy - Kanye West
Whiskey and Reddit. Numbs my mind just right.
Looking up the definition for "mastrubating" >.>
Didn't work at Disney, but at another worldwide theme park doing pretty much the exact same thing (parts of the job were very much to make us more like Disney).  Highlights I remember was when I was with one of our characters (who obviously can't talk) and I was trying to get a kid to hug the character and they got confused and gave me a hug (very very heartwarming) and also at Christmas working as an elf in the Santa's grotto when father Christmas would ask the kids what they wanted for Christmas and then the parents faces when the kid said something they weren't expecting.  Strangest things though are when the parents try to get you to admit there's someone inside the costume when you're within earshot of the kids and get quite persistent about it (obviously you can never admit that the characters aren't real), or when it goes the other way and people completely forget that there's someone in the costume and basically let their kids assault the character (especially as alot of the costumes aren't the easiest to move in and are quite top heavy), to the extent that one person I was working with got sexually assaulted in costume while I was working with her.
Rinse. Repeat.
To be fair this has been proven to be quite effective
You really think that the more people believe in something, the more right it is?
The Doors - The Doors
Igor. Some of them are barely songs, but that’s because they’re not really supposed to be. They transcend what we normally think of as good music, it’s more of a story than music.
Why this BS got upvoted lmao
Lost weight.
Goodbye and good riddance
Sleep. The wedding party took a time and we were tired af.
Jagged Little Pill....duh.
To live by the advice you'd give to your friends.
Nice observation, detective.  But that still doesn't answer my question.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I finally rest. And watch the sun rise on a grateful universe.
Ah yes, good ol' Peru
After hardship there is ease
My Grandpa always called me Zachy Chan because we'd always watch Jackie Chans old movies together, it still cracks me up
How many ears does Captain Kirk have?  Three - left ear, right ear, and the final front-ear!
Hay Cletus  pass me that thur podeeum ah need to put muh zip ties on summin
React to the passage of time to see how much or how little time has passed and the. adjust my shame accordingly before deciding what to jerk off to next.
Demon Days - Gorillaz
A woman giving birth
r/toiletthoughts ?  The sister of r/showerthoughts
Good kid, m.A.A.d city
Nils Frahm: All Encores.  Not a pop album but I keep coming back to it. Put on your best headphones and go for it.
Illegal.
Linkin Park - Meteora
Around 2010 onwards there seemed to be a rise in witchcraft related tortures and deaths in the UK. I never saw them but reading about them was horrible. Torturing and killing people to get out evil spirits.   Not long after reading about a 15 year old boy being killed I was stuck on the underground, the train had stopped and this one woman would not stop going on at her pastor about how her husband's ex wife had killed someone back in Africa (sorry cannot recall the country) and she was sending evil spirits and curses to this lady's husband. She wanted the pastor to give them the lord's protection.   I don't care about your colour but culture and religion are terrifying.
In some way yes
r/expectedfriends  I watch too much TV.
Unknown Pleasures by Joy Division Dummy by Portishead
Got into debt for stupid little things when I was younger.
Well it’s 11 in the morning here and I just woke up
i thought my friends were running to the pavillion for food on a field trip so i sprint there only to see my class 100 feet behind me going somewhere else just staring at me
Stories - Avicii ◢ ◤
Silently they are yes
Deloused in a crematorium- or nevermind
Spirit Phone by Lemon Demon  all of them are absolute bops
Venus Isle - Eric Johnson
“Why are women always so emotional?”   Particularly when told to me by a man who’d once punched through drywall out of being angry that his favorite football team lost a big game.
To run. For a bit of context, me and my cousin where walking around the housing estate near mine, and this little boy keeps following us, and we tell him to go back to his dad, who was watching us, and the boy keeps following us til he falls over, and the dad runs at us with a fucking NAILGUN, me and my cousin jumped the wall and got the fuck out of that place. This happened last week.
Good distinction.
"I'm not racist... BUUUUUUUT....."
RAM is watered-down, bastardized house at best
This kind.
I'd just grab all the Viagra I can get and find the homes of those who looted the sedatives
Looove Freddie Freeloader ❤️
If God even existed, who are you to say what God can or cannot do, nor where he/she/it/they came from? How arrogant of you to assume that you know.
Ikuinen Kaamos - Frailty
And what was the state government biased AGAINST??? HIS RELIGION!!! Hello. It was ruled in his favor bc the local government was HOSTILE towards his religion.  "The opinion stated that although a baker, in his capacity as the owner of a business serving the public, "might have his right to the free exercise of his religion limited by generally applicable laws", a State decision in an adjudication "in which religious hostility on the part of the State itself" is a factor violating the "State's obligation of religious neutrality" under the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution.[27][original research] Kennedy's opinion stated that the Commission's review of Phillips's case exhibited hostility towards his religious views."
Quake
I remember Firestarter as one of the tracks on the incredible Wipeout 2097 lineup. Sooo many fucking bangers in that game.
You know, I've thought about that a lot.  Got into karaoke about seven years ago, and I haven't even once heard someone try a Stevie Wonder song.  I've only ever heard one person attempt to sing one, and it happened locally during the BLM marches.  A woman set up and sang Love's in Need of Love Today, and fucking blew it out of the water.  Like even the police stopped what they were doing to just listen to her.  Which talks both about the quality of her rendition and just the power of the song by itself.  I try secretly in the shower sometimes, but his range is just too much for me.
"Down you go!"
I T S D Æ H R
Breeding time
Big fan of Sign o' the Times and it was my preferred album for a while but I've liked Purple Rain for a while now. What can you say about Prince other than he was a genius who was supremely talented.
i mean isnt it obvious they arent going to tell the public everything? its reasonable
He did something similar to another song of Stevie's and damn if I can think of the name of the song at the moment. Iirc, Lindsey and Stevie were at his house to record a song and both got to drinking. Stevie left before the song was finished. Behind Stevie's back, Lindsey 'finished' the song himself using the parts that Stevie had sang. I don't recall the consequences of this however.   I think Buckingham is a whiny ass hat. I like his style of playing guitar but as a person, he sucks.
Le Fuck?  (Must use dodgy French accent and upwards inflection)
Pain Olympic  Or the dude that gets meat grinded in a CNC machine
Me and my mate drank a mixture of Whisky, vodka and rum. 10 minutes later we fell out of our truck(he dropped his phone out the door and decided to reach for it while sitting on the seat and I was trying to hold his arm so he wouldn't fall out. We both ended up falling out. Then we danced along the street listening to folk music lmao
In my opinion Metallica didn't make a single bad song before Load.
Donald Fagen - the nightfly
Failing exams. Exams are high stress environments and you're unlikely to have to perform tasks equivalent to an exam in your daily life. That's not even mentioning that some people will have difficulties which heavily affect one subject whilst they excel in others. You are not your exam results and, no matter what the school system says, you can do well later in life by going down other routes.
Well, I’m about to have the most interesting birthday ever.
I'm European and this questions often comes up in conversations here in Europe. I often get the feeling most people aren't genuinely curious but do it to see if they can fit you in a stereotype.
M83 - Hurry Up We're Dreaming
Red Dead Redemption
Real shit
Living
I assume if it’s producing sound, it’s vibrating. She’s probably like that.
Risky click of the day
I was telling my mom about how your number 4 had become kind of a meme and within 30 minutes we saw two people with shirts that said “what time is your 3 o’clock parade?”
Dee Reynolds
I haven’t said a word since I was 12, and I’m 26 now. My mom still doesn’t know that I knew dad was cheating on her for 4 years.
IGOR - Tyler, the Creator  Circles - Mac Miller  Blonde - Frank Ocean  Kids See Ghosts - Kids See Ghosts  I could add more but these are just some off the top of my head.
Sing a song of dickpence
Fit for an Autopsy - The Sea of Tragic Beasts
*peaceful music plays*  [Respawn]   [Save and quit]
Trying to list records that have yet to be listed (That I can see anyways)  Wire - Chairs Missing  Bill Evans Trio - Waltz For Debbie/Portrait in Jazz  Cocteau Twins - Heaven or Las Vegas  Talk Talk - Spirit of Eden
Pantera- Cowboys from hell
Shower
That Robbie Williams' video, the last Herbie movie and the time Spongebob sold everything to buy an expensive spatula
Black Album is a snoozer man
Murders, pedophilies and rapists
That's a lot of awards for a question that's posted fairly often
Also sign o the times.
Raining in our love - Shania Twain
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I would make coffee for my worst enemy, instead of milk its cum lol
Yeah until I get the right kink
”Hope and fears” By Keane.
Money doesn't translate into happiness, but it creates peace of mind. The more you get, the less you have to worry about things. "Will I have enough this paycheck for food? Shelter? Forget entertainment, I'm already eating white rice and chicken."
Camping in the Sequoia National Park for a week with a group of high-school buds, at the Lodgepole campground. A bit of underage drinking and up late talking shit, we got hungry and starting grilling some Carne asada, somewhere near 2 am in the morning.   One of our friends walked into the the darkness to grab something from his car only to sprint back and jump over the camp fire we had going and started shouting at us.   In disbelief, he tells us about nearly walking into a black bear just outside of view. Out of the 6 of us sitting around, I was the only one left sitting across from the table when opposite of me the bear in question appears between there and the fire pit.  The rest of the guys immediately freaked out and sprinted back into their tents, making a commotion that seemed to distract the bear. Me, with a little knowledge of the subject choose not to run away and give this animal cause to chase.  Well, not sure if this was the best course of action in hindsight. With all the food sprawled across the table and only me in the way, this 6 ft boy stands up a let's out the huge type of roar that you hear in the movies. He belts out a good one then slams his paws on the table, all whilst I'm still sitting across from it, sitting very still. It was at that point I said, alright it's time to go, I slowly walk away and retreat into my tent for minute.  While peeking through the door flap I observed this huge hungry bear grab only a pack of flour tortillas and run off with it in its mouth and disappear within seconds.   We quickly wrapped things up and shoved all our food away in the storage locker at the sight and spent the next couple hours making a bunch of noise and scaring off the reflective eyes that kept popping up on the fringe of the campfire glow. That was one sleepless night. Good times besides that.
Sex
My daughter got me listening to Tally Hall and Jack Stauber.
Means something else but I was trying to relate it to your experience by implying you got tricked. In realty it means getting dismissed, ignored.
For the most part it’s just another government agency. Most of them are just pencil pushers and such.   Now ofc you have your SAD and such but tv and movies would have you believe everyone who joins is becoming Jason Bourne.
Evaporated by Ben Folds Five
It didn't. It was clear we didn't want the same thing and I was too young to be in anything serious much less be getting married. I couldn't give him what he wanted and realised I just wasn't invested so I figured at that point it was best I left so he could find his happy.
Japanese and Spanish
"You will be found" from Dear Evan Hansen
My mom
Pushing on a pull door
How do you have sex with a onsie?
InnerSpeaker by Tame Impala
Oh and Neo, you are the Neo from all the prodigy forums and websites right?   I love your description of everything prodigy. You’re the best!
Sugar
3-5 months
I really enjoy cooking, and there’s one particular dish that I cook because it’s my wife’s favourite, and I love it too. After a busy day at work, I’ll head out to the vegetable patch in my garden and pick the best looking onion that I can possibly find, along with the plumpest tastiest bulb of garlic. I’ll then dice them finely and start the magic in a sauté pan, on a medium heat, with some fresh, locally-produced artisanal butter and maybe a little olive oil, pressed from specially selected olives grown by a dear friend near the beautiful Italian mountain village of Picinisco. Once the onion and garlic begins to soften I’ll add one carefully prepared organic chicken breast to the pan, delicately cut into cubes. Once the chicken is nicely sealed I add a large glass of Sauvignon Blanc to the party to deglaze. As the sauce reduces I pour a glass for my wife and take it to her to enjoy while she cuddles with our cat in front of the fire, the stress of her day beginning to melt away.  Once reduced, it’s time to add half a pint of chicken stock, and reduce again. The garlic bread enters the oven as I pour a cup of double cream in, adding the perfect amount of salt, pepper and more chopped garlic for the final round of careful reduction. The sauce is complete, and married to fresh homemade tagliatelle it tastes absolutely exquisite, enjoyed further with the rest of the wine.   Now the best smell in the world…I have developed a bit of an intolerance to lactose over the past few years, and I love garlic but it seems to produce a wicked reaction in my gut. The dish tastes wonderful, but my proudest creation, and the best smell in the world, is the absolute wallpaper-curler of a fart that inevitable comes shortly after. Everyone loves their own brand.  TL:DR - a recipe for success.
Lichess
How can you leave out Songs of Faith and Devotion?
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Talk to yourself aloud. Have a conversation with yourself about what you are thinking and wether if what your thinking is reality or you just creating the worst possible outcome in your head.
My mix
I went on wish on incognito to bypass the sign in screen, and the first product that I saw was quite literally a shirt with a picture of the Mona Lisa but Kim Jong Un's head.
Pink Floyd - Dark side of the moon.  The album is an experience. Every song, even if there is no one singing, has its purpose. Love it and it‘s timeless.
Wanna be friends? Haha
Unfortunately the crust recycles, even though the Earth is 4 billion years old, the crust mostly only goes back about 500 million. There's entire ancient continents detectable in the magma, forever buried and being recycled .  Any fossils that were on/in those continents are lost forever.
I have watched many snuff videos. Mainly to see how someone died, so I can avoid ever doing that in my life. I’ve learned to never work in China , never sleep with someone’s spouse or lover, always be on high alert on the road, and to just never go to the South American drug countries. The cartel videos are the worst ones out there. Far worse than any taliban videos, African war torture videos or anything really. The cartel are absolutely brutal. Watched a dude get beat to death with his own severed legs, watched a dude get his head repeatedly doused in gas and set ablaze while sitting up still alive. Just down right terrible. I mainly watch work place accidents anymore (to learn to avoid those mistakes) but sometimes a cartel vid sneaks its way in and I always regret it.
When I hear the Song you Raise me up, It makes me think of the bad ways I was raised.
The Rick Roll, obviously. The whole song. There's no mute button.
Duckface selfies
The Black Keys- el camino
Chasing a loose paper in the wind or a plastic bag... No one looks cool doing that.
Third eye blind  Self titled first album
Jeff buckley - Grace
He was actually driving from Louisiana where he was recording the Cajun track on the album to Graceland because he kept singing “I’m going to Graceland” and figure he should go visit it and he got the Mississippi delta line while driving across the Mississippi River on the way to Graceland
Jitters from The Flash, Big Belly Burger from Arrow,
13 black sabbath
Lovers rock by Sade
Lol, we’re in the same boat my friend! I was at that age where my mom used to play Mirrorball in the car and I’d pretend like I was indifferent to the music and/or “annoyed” at hearing the album again. Just dumb teenage stupidity and angst for not being allowed to play my music I wanted to hear. Then when my mom would leave the car, I’d just jam out. I got caught one day and had to swallow my lumps of stupidity lol.
Climbed myself out of the sea bed while drowning when I was a kid.
Understanding that soon, I will buy a new game a will have a lot of hours of interesting story and gameplay.
If I could stop time and move about, I could go about fixing things in the world. I don’t like this whole 10 days a second thing though.
I used to love Stella and her friends (but mostly Stella) because I was a girl, and pink was my favorite.  I also remember liking that one that shits eggs.
Remember ALL CAPS when you spell the man name
Literally anything by Songs: Ohia
No man would ever be small
oh yeah i saw that one, it was gross af. and the one when some old guy has his face ripped open by a bear, his face is just hanging, i could never be a dr cuz id just puke
The Witcher series.  I hate repeat reads but 7 books will keep it from getting old, lol!
I'm too lazy and content in life to wanna grow.
Use your Illusion - both albums - GNR
“Why did you say there would be candy down here?”
What subreddit?
AM by artic monkeys
I would be terrified.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Kid A - Radiohead.
Parallax - TheFatRat, and he actually just finished it, so it’s brand new
Gretchen Goes To Nebraska by King’s X  The best American band that nobody in America has heard of.
Just reading this comment section brings back my internet induced “PTSD”. Some things are not worth remembering.
Green Day's American Idiot
When a bee gets in the car with you and you do that whole panic swiping thing
Take my upvote, you funny sonofabitch.
I second this
Carl Sagan (mancrush)
Singing, that was the most embarrassing thing I've even done
visited a friend a few hours away to register for classes, he had a new roommate... Within an hour this guy tested me and I wanted to fight him. I left early and it turns out they were raided by the law and he was dead in custody within a week.  Never had more a feeling that a dude was dangerous than that. I had made plenty of pick ups in the real hood and nobody ever gave me that feeling.
Abbey Road
Late Registration - Kanye
Fear Inoculum.
The fact that you think there’s a possibility of a multiverse but not a creator speaks volumes
Took a long time before my wife and I could have a kid.  So, not really easy.  The older you are the harder it is the more expensive it becomes.
Tupac- All Eyez on Me
The live action dora movie.   I don't have any standards and can watch anything when we talk about movies, but this is the only one I can't handle.
This should be hugger up.   Out of everything I've seen this is the one that pierces my fucking soul. I straight up just hugged my wife afterwords. Such a stupid accident and in one second lives were changed forever.   Something about it hit harder than any torture video or anything like that. The fact that life is so delicate and fleeting, all it takes is a split second and you're reduced to a pile of meat, coupled with the terrible screams of agony as the person in the video realizes what happened...   I've (24M) had a rough life, and I'ts not easy to get an emotional response out of me most of the time. I only saw that video recently and it made me fucking cry.
82715        visit me. 👁
Alan Watts said this, btw.
Cassowary
 [You mean like these?](https://ibb.co/YZ7Pvy0)
Noting sus hear
Hahah is that even real
Dick Van Dyke, even after seeing more of his work as I got older, my favorite role of his is when he is a father in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
There’s a cookbook you can buy for this situation.
Pronouns of this day and age
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
Marshall Mathers LP
Sheer Heart Attack by Queen
The main cause of religious and racial discrimination, is ignorance. To solve those issues we need to improve education around the world.
Bad people existing is not a new thing
Heartbroken and homicidal- Twiztid
Skunk Anansie- Post orgasmic chill
I have ADHD so usually I get interested in another topic. Yes, pizza sounds good
Chocolate, my childhood dream
pure heroine - lorde
Second Helping- Lynyrd Skynyrd
The Stray Sheep.  Gotta learn those drink facts.
Swimming;  By Mac Miller
Binaural sounds
Aliens
Cancer under a microscope
The boobs of my boyfriend’s dadbod. That and just the cuddly of it
Shatter me - Lindsey Stirling
You lost it and you want it back?
I can only imagine what a warming experience would be to someone named PooFinger69.  Perhaps I’ll keep an open mind next time
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It means having sex with a corpse or corpses.
Becoming fat af. Get burried and not cremated. Will feed a worm population for month.
Imagine Dragons — Mercury Act I. I think that it's really great album with no bad songs. All of them have so deep meaning, so I cried... Thx them for understanding. Dragons one love❤️
When I delivered pizza it was 100% tips
I was a young teenager exploring best gore, and I saw a video of the aftermath of a wreck I believe where a mother and her little girl were in the backseat of the car and they were both in the process of dying. I remember being so upset that nobody was helping them and just had cameras shoved in their faces.   Second place goes to 3 guys 1 hammer, that one still makes me sick thinking about it.  I also once saw some videos of people skinning dogs and cats and putting them in boiling water, whilst still alive after just being skinned, they were drowning in boiling water and were obviously in shock and couldn’t move. It was terrible.
I said disingenuous, not dishonest, interesting though how you assumed I said dishonest.  And you were being disingenuous when you did not admit that you yourself are a sore loser, as evidenced by your discussing your own mediocre stats in a situation where there was no need to discuss them, as the topic was about starter FPS games, not your own stats in games. (As I said, one can be sore without complaining).  That is a bit of projection, since it's clear it was on your mind when you referred to the person in this thread as a sore loser.  That's why I said you were being intellectually disingenuous.
DAMN. by Kendrick Lamar. I know it’s the mainstream album that most of his fans consider lesser, but for what it’s worth, I loved every song.
Any Avicii album
Everything,  except cooking bacon that's not easier.
Fuck
Hearts greatest hits, double album live
Appetite for Destruction
Origin of symmetry-Muse
I’m with you on all of that, including the Spice Girls, but there will never be room in my heart for Justin Bieber.
Geez thanks for info
Ain't all that weird. Time marches on. Layne is gone. We're allowed to like stuff by the rest of the band even without him   Black Gives Way To Blue is one of my favorite albums in recent memory. Of course I say recent but it's almost 12 years old at this point. Crazy how time be like that.
Every The Midnight album
Animals - Pink FloydThe Wall 1+2 - Pink FloydDark Side of the Moon - Pink FloydMomentary Lapse Of Reason - Pink FloydLed Zeppelin I-IV - Led ZeppelinPhysical Graffiti - Led ZeppelinCircles - Mac Miller10,000 Days - ToolWhere Have all the Flowers Gone - Deb NeverGinger - Brockhampton4 Your Eyes Only - J. ColeForrest Hills Drive - J. ColeKOD - J. ColeGood Kid MAAD City - Kendrick LamarTo Pimp A Butterfly - Kendrick LamarDAMN - Kendrick LamarOne X - Three Days GraceThree Days Grace - Three Days GraceMetorea - Linkin ParkHybrid Theory - Linkin ParkThe Rising Tied - Fort Minor   Us - Peter Gabriel   Night at the Opera - Queen  ...  I have too many more, but theres an eclectic group for you.
Daft Punk - Discovery  I'm a fan of all Daft Punk's work, and my personal favorite album is Homework, but I will readily admit it's not for everyone, and some songs, while I love them, are frankly skippable when you aren't in "the mood" for them.  However, as soon as Discovery gets going, it doesn't let you leave "the mood" for the entire hour that it's on. Discovery is one long and perfect ballad, and is only better supplimented by the anime feature film Interstella 5555 produced alongside it by Leiji Matsumoto, creator of Captain Harlock.  RAM is good, check it out. Homework is good, check it out. Alive 2007? Please, it's like Daft Punk is jerking you off with fan service! How could you say no?  But Discovery? Perfection. Absolutely the best image of who Daft Punk are
i think his boner would instantly wear away with that song
Weezer’s Blue Album
After hours by The Weeknd
69, to give and receive love
Snail's House: Snö
This thread is making me extremely grateful I live in the UK where the scariest thing I've seen is a badger.
Telekinesis. It’s the gateway to everything else. At its core, TK is the manipulation of groups of atoms. The better understanding you have of what can be done by manipulating atoms, the more you can do. Injured? Manipulate the atoms of your body to heal faster. Flying? Phasing? Redistribute the atoms out of your way. Need to kill your enemies? Split those atoms, baby. They’ll never bother you again.
I liked Nick Jonas
The entire Hawaii: Part II album.
Sweats. Topless. Sandals. Boom
Think about something else
Puta madre
Hey diddle diddle, think of water dribble dribble, now you have to piddle piddle.  Why'd that work? Its a riddle riddle.
Bro I get to watch my seahawks and that's all that matters
Spandex a striped tee and a sleeping mask trying or at least attempting to sleep
Lovely by Billie
Galaxie 500 - On fire   JUST. PERFECT. (imo)
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dark Side of the Moon. Probably listed a hundred times here.
So if i trap you in my basement and tortures you i'm instantly hot?
The slide whistle sound.
I still have the tickets for them all!
Regret.
And classist I’ve noticed
Get drunk af because no hangover.
Dre - 2001. No skips.
A night at the Opera - Queen
Nice
Disagree.  Amazing album.  Seeing them in Toronto was amazing but "Prayers for Rain" and "Untitled" could've been replaced with something more interesting.
Very much so. The diversity, the storytelling, the pretty much everything. ATTENTION ATTENTION was a great album.
its more common in strip clubs.. but the guy in the bathroom offering you just about everything cologne or smell good shit .. Honestly if you care what a stripper thinks about your smell (other than BO) then you should leave immediately for your own good.
This question again? How long has it been, 1 month?
Squirrel!
Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory and Meteora
Blink 182 greatest hits
The elder scrolls games, those fuckers wait like 15 years between games and stick with it until the next one comes out
Damn I bleed is one of my faves, I respect your opinion though
Innovation
Tracks 2, 7, 10, 14, 15  Did I miss any?
Ugly fish
Scroll a bit faster
...Sharpen Jarts..
Skinny jeans…tiny man-buns…the kardashians
Sabaton- Carolus Rex Sabaton - Heroes  Sabaton - Great war
i hide the cum blanket
Living Colour - Time’s Up
Bloc Party - Silent Alarm
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hmm..
Load music singing along to it usually does the trick
>The moon will crash into the Pacific ocean at 24 hours.  Repeatedly travel back in time three days to awaken the four guardians so I can help the skull kid possessed by the evil deity. ;)
to control time. would null the time i spent using it as i go back to undo or redo something. like it never happened. or did it.
Radiohead — Kid A
Horny fish
With win 8. It was already installed on my laptop, but it was soo stupid the windows couldn't started, so I had to start my journey with Linux.
8. The only humans I talk to besides family and bosses/co-workers if I have to
Someone decided to downvote all my comments I made under this post just because I use emojis. Reddit moment🙄
You will love it my friend
Singles
Hehe I figured as much. As a Afrikaans person I can't help but find it funny though.
That's where his switch enters
Baby albums. They only contain bad memories.
I’m happy
Beautiful
Watch porn on non- incognito
If you haven’t done so, you should check out “Craig Of The Creek” on Cartoon Network. Deltron and Automator show up in “The Kid From 3030”:  https://youtu.be/LzzNn2D4tHo
Lel
‘We Get By’ by Jamie Webster. Banger after banger
Wiping their ass.  Name one person who looks bad ass wiping. I'll wait.
Cum and oysters
Random Access Memories - Daft Punk
It’s definitely not jumping
Queensryche - Operation Mindcrime
Salt
I agree 100%. I remember being 12 and seeing Firestarter on MTV and it blew my mind. Nothing sounded like that. I went in to a deep dive grabbing all the singles anticipating the release of TFOTL. The ride to the record store on release day was anticipation like I’ve never felt since.  Changed my life that album.  Saw the Prodigy 3 times in the states in smallish venues which just fucking popped off the chain. Amazing shows.  I had tickets bought for the No Tourists American tour and… yeah  RIP Keith. Legend.
Running after a ball that’s rolling away on the ground
I feel bad for you if you can't seem to understand how the (multi/uni)verse doesn't need a creator
Yeah same. Some of those moments really do something else. My favorite album is Animals.
Krusty Krab please.
What kind of question is this
Came here for Nirvana. Thank you.
Honestly? Just live.  Give some money to homeless person. Make sure I sell my stuff to give my family the money.  Say goodbye
There’s also drugs and alcohol, but yes thanks for the advice
My foreskin.
I once saw a docu of a man,who had a pump implanted in his sack.squeeze the right testicle and his Dick went hard.didn’t see it long enough how he deflated it cause i was too shocked it was even possible
Visit a dominatrix
Oh yes, I will traumatise so many people with it
Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs
I’m in it now. Halppp
Jake from state farm????
Storming the US capital
What the fuck does “canned” mean?
... with a Bloody Mary
Funky town.
I think it’s not what he’s lost, but what he’s gained: modern sound production software. TFOTL and the albums that came before it were mostly made and mixed on analogue hardware, physical samplers and drum machines and synths that required a shitload of manual handling to use.   When Liam switched to using Reason for Invaders Must Die, suddenly he had the ability to produce at ten times the speed with ten times less hassle, and I really think that that freedom is what ruined his unique sound.   Every artist knows that necessity is the mother of invention, constraints force you to think outside the box and be very deliberate with your thoughts and your actions, and I think being handed everything on a platter took away that base creativity.
I don't see the need for the NSFW tag
defends implied he did anything wrong
As is so incredible
Putting on mascara
Pooping
So, this goes deep, but I'll try to give you a readers digest...  Kind of Blue introduced a series of harmonic and improvisational concepts that didn't previously exist (they did, but no well respected artist had codified it yet).  Essentially, jazz (which was mainstream popular music)  to this point largely centered on fast moving harmonic progressions: chord changes in quick succession, and navigating them fluidly was proof of high level musicianship.   Kind of Blue utilizes what is now referred to as "modal jazz". "Modes"are the various incarnations of chords and scales that exist within a major scale (there is more to this but we will stick with this definition for simplicity). Basically, what happened on Kind of Blue, is that the chord progression would sit on a single chord for a significantly longer amount of time, 8 to 16 to 32 bars instead of one. Sometimes more.   This allowed for and forced the soloist to explore the harmonic possibilities of that single chord and create melodies, riffs, themes that pushed the music forward, instead of bouncing between chords every second and trying to build connectable ideas that are largely driven by the structure of the composition.   Basically, the harmonic difference allowed high level improvisers (John Coltrane, Miles, cannonball adderly) to create complexity on the fly, instead of them working through and navigating the built in complexity.  It was a total conceptual shift.   The impact? HIP HOP. Rap DOES NOT exist without this album. The riffing and textural elements of hip hop are directly rooted in Kind of Blue. Like...a direct lineage. Modern music does not exist without this album, period.
Ok computer
Pervs
Alien and ufo stuff. Beyonce. This new age social justice crap
The yellow one that goes really fast is pretty sick
Live Through This by Hole
The Killers - Hot Fuss
crocs
If Im really sure about the timeline I must admit I would have been very bad.
Lovely, little, lonely- The Maine
Yeah basic. Basically bleach
Tool - Lateralus  Deftones- Koi no Yokan   Metallica - ...And Justice for All  Coheed and Cambria - IV  Sevendust- Animosity   …Just off the top of my head…
Ik English and cebuano abit also filipino.. But I'm half Chinese... I chinese is the most shitty language to learn I've been learning since I was young and it too fucking complicated u gotta write hard as characters when it's so much easier to write in letters so I just gave up now
Interestingly enough, this song from Coldplay manages to describe something from me perfectly. It's almost as if that experience of my life was the reason for this song.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPmZqsQNzGA
Matchbox 20 - Mad season.  Thank OP for your post. There are so many good recommendations here.
r/agegaps
Rough
My Chemical Romance - The Black Parade
Tf kinda question is that
Vasa growth spurt
Slacker, you are.
Dropping in to say Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory
I understand why a lot of people like this version of Daft Punk.   I really don't like the way sampling is done on this album, sadly.   I know this is a personal opinion, but I don't really like when a song is "samples from 1 song, plus additional kick drums"  I feel the same way about a lot of Kanye beats.   Thank you for listening to my /r/unpopularopinion
AND MINE COULD BE GOING THE SAME WAY TOO
Censorship.
Was it makemycoffin ?
The Woman in Me - Shania Twain
Bjork - Homogenic
I’m genuinely curious. Is using your imagination to masturbate as uncommon as people make it out to be?
I was conducting a cell search and three cartel members "trapped" me inside the cell by blocking the entrance. One of them held an improvised knife (shiv) and the other two proceeded to try to interrogate me on what I was taking.  I took off my utility belt as a show that I wasn't going to back down from a fight, an in doing so slyly triggered the panic alarm on my radio while simultaneously making it look like I was shutting the radio off.  When the three saw that I was willing to fight to get out, they actually backed down and let me pass... of course by the moment, about 10+ officers were rushing to my location because I wasn't responding to my panic alarm.  Far as I know, they believed my reinforcements showed up because the bubble officer (camera watcher) called the emergency after not being able to contact me on my radio and never knew I had secretly summoned a small army to rescue me in the event of being jumped.  They even told me they thought it was "pretty gutsy" that I didn't back down while in the cell, and from that day onward I never had any problems with them or their group.
Text or talk to someone. Exercise, music, or retile the roof.
Nightwish - Oceanborn
Kendrick Lamar - To Pimp a Butterfly
Hanged is one it is to completion. When being hung, drawn and quartered, you aren't hung to death, you are pulled off after passing out of just before passing out. The hanging part is only to create pain and suffering and to prolong the torture. The condemned are still alive for having their guts drawn from their body cavity and if the executioner is really lucky they will be barely alive for the quartering. I really hope people didn't live past being drawn but their must have been a few. Mexican cartel videos show you can skin a man alive and use a meth IV to keep them awake and alive. I don't know how even the cartels do that stuff. Nobody starts off being ok with doing that, you have to do a lot of fucked up stuff before you get to the point of some of these torture videos. It makes me sick people do that and I honestly wish I could go to the Canadian government. Form an anti cartel armed security black water style force and literally go to war to stop these murdering animals. There is nothing more that I would love to stop the cartels one firefight at a time.
Having trouble swallowing or something? 😆😏
I‘m saying, he’s being relatable, so I’m replying with “Tell me about it” as a way of saying “yup, sounds about right”.
I'd be happy~an ftm
The War On Drugs - A Deeper Understanding Pink Floyd - The dark side of the moon
Possibly. I didn't go to the hospital afterwards so I'll never know.
Electric Light Orchestra - Time.
Wilhelm scream. Was watching infinity war with my sister (she's never seen it) and it was in the movie when strange, tony and peter were fighting Thanos first in command and he got blown away but the scream was not good
I read that an unaroused vagina is 2-4 inches deep. An aroused vagina can be as deep as 8, maybe 10 inches.
Idaho
Cod, shadowfight 2 and Bloons TD 5
The Sound - From the Lion’s Mouth
Metropolis part II: scenes from a memory (Dream Theater)
42
Hoping I dont have the shits, probably the worst day to spend your day on the toilet.
My chronic pains
Ice cream
You probably weren’t alive in 1890. And you probably don’t care what happened in 1890.  So I believe you’ll care just as less when you die.
The Doors first 6 studio albums
Britney Spears
The Midnight Organ Fight - Frightened Rabbit
Two words          Instagram
I've heard it as "strict parents make sneaky kids."
808s & heartbreak by Kanye west
The soundtrack to Baz Luhrmann’s Romeo + Juliet!
How I met your mother. Got me through a very sad phase in life back in 2013 ish.  Tried rewatching the same a few months back,couldn't continue after a few episodes. Then I started watching THE WEST WING instead.
Coheed and Cambria - Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV
1. Graceland 2. Workingman’s Dead 3. Sgt. Pepper’s  It is great because the songs are great on their own, then they work as an album, too.
You need to hear Tea for One again
Basically I’ve acquired a number of laptops and I want to donate them to charity.   I’d like to reset them back to factory settings before donating them.   Unless there’s a way of resetting them without knowing the password then I’ll probably have to remove the hard drives beforehand.   Thank you for any help in advance.
Think about why your brain does not read the the second the
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "Why do people _______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. You can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended, or find a new sub at r/findareddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Date them?
Good Kid m.A.A.d City would like a word
For a shower day, after work. I bathe after working out.
Nirvana MTV unplugged
Pink Floyd, Wish You Were Here. Granted it's not a very long album, but there is no fat on it whatsoever. I can put that on any time and on loop.
Had an emotional conversation with a guy once.
Time as I'm always working
Hating Nickelback started when this 'band' flatulated its first ghastly croak into a microphone and decided to record this excretion. If my ears could wear underwear, Nickelback would be a vomitous, quivering ass hair protruding from a great, glistening skid mark.
MAN THIS IS MY TIME TO SHINE  My old neighbor literally sent me 3 different notes complaining that I shut my built-in drawers too loudly. Even called my landlord to complain. Luckily my landlord was like, “hey uhhh… don’t exactly know what to say here, but he made a complaint so I’m contacting you to let you know that you reserve the right to shut your drawers.”
Krusty krab
Led Zeppelin IV
Face to face social interaction of any kind.
Daft Punk’s Random Access Memories
Goodnews for people who like bad news. This is a long drive for someone with nothing to think about. Modest mouse. And The white ladder Album by David Grey and in my 3 top ten
Peugeot went from making tools to bicycles to cars, while simultaneously letting quality go to shit.
*Under Pressure* — Logic  *Good Kid m.A.A.d City* — Kendrick Lamar  *Marshall Mathers LP* — Eminem  *The Eminem Show* — Eminem
A photo album
I woke up early / Crawled reddit and took a shit / I feel lighter now
Craig David- Born to do it
Disturbia. I never did like Shia Labeouf. David Morse just creeps me out no matter what he does.
Before you were born into this world, you didn't exist, so technically you have already been dead, and actually it was quite pleasant. So your are actually going to die for the 2nd time.
Nah man you never heard of the 3 point seashell
Cake
The fast one I guess.. Isn't it?
Absolutely!
ATLiens - Outkast
SOULGEMCOLLECTION by Harmful Logic I bet no one in this comment section has heard these music before
Photo album
19. It was when I went to Christmas dinner at my parents place without my boyfriend and he decided to leave a massive hickey on my neck but refused to come to explain himself. I wanted to kill him lol. I was trying to hide that I lost it as long as I could.   My parents called me a whore when I got my first kiss at 16 so having sex was scary. They just kinda laughed
The Fragile - NIN   Masterpiece.
Dr. Dre 2001
It's named in a way that helps me remember which way to turn the clock for daylight savings. Spring forward, fall back!
Harry Potter
the garrison pub
Go on a mad crime spree
Because they're suckas
Regret.
Take melatonin and Thc Droplets
You still have Sublime with Rome…   Jk that shit it hot garbage for the most part.
Spot on!
Fruit
Smoking and drinking
Hyperdimensional DMT!
All guys have at least once got a boner from putting their console controller on their dick
Audioslave's 1st album is the perfect album to me. I listen to it usually while driving to/from work and ALL the songs are so damn good.
Igor - Tyler, The Creator
This is possibly the one album I can just listen to in its entirety. “Songbird” has a special place in my heart- even though it’s about Christine McVie’s divorce, it will always be the funeral song for my cat George.   I still miss that big orange guy. Mornings aren’t the same without him. And most of all, I wish he could’ve met his new sister.
Yes. Your ashole would be too cold to shit🤣
Quiting smoking.  Hardest thing I've done because I'm addicted.  Cutting smoking, I lost my interest in reading books, which I associated with smoking.  But worth it.  I now read again, but not as much as before.
Double standards
Either fuck some girl so I can lose my virginity before I die, or just form an emotionally supportive relationship with a girl
Njoy wand
The “I thlammed my Penith in the car door” song
It was for sure a sign of those times. We’re just seeing tradies change their pants now - over the last decade or so it was usually long pants like cargo pants or somewhat baggy shorts down to around the knee, a bit like a board short. I’ve noticed maybe for the past year the shorts are a bit tighter and come down to mid-thigh. Maybe in another few years we’ll be back to those 70’s looks!
Mom's freshly made Jambalaya
Resurrection - Common Sense
Homework
Loud i guess
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When people say "baby" after they celebrate something it makes it automatically weird for me
Talent I think is the born with ability to learn a specific skill faster than average.  So I do not think there can be one without learning.
If she does she will do things of you she won't for others
Sexual assault.
Start mastrubating again.
Hybrid Theory - Linkin Park
Queensryche - operation mindcrime
Kendrick Lamar - Damn
Chocolate and Cheese by Ween
Orlando bloom
Red Hot Chilli Peppers - Californication is great
Because I have a hot hatch and it's better to use higher grade fuel. I have a Ford Focus RS that I bought with engine mods and it has 450bph
Just one? I've got a bunch, but for something it's unlikely anyone else will say, Transcendental Youth by The Mountain Goats. From open to close, every track serves a purpose and tells a story, giving the album satisfying emotional beats all the way through.
*Oh behave*
Hybrid theorie - Linkin park
Avocados
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Egyptian civilizations actually date back to over 10,000 years ago.
"well that's funny because THEY DIDN'T SHOOT TESLA"  Then turn a purple hue and vanish into thin air.
Spice Girls, all of them. They said it themselves, if I want to be their lover.
When Jesus Christ was born
Youngling Slaughter VR, please.
So…. Must be in Washington DC, right?
Silversun Pickups-Better Nature
GUNSHIP by Gunship.  Maybe not to everyone's taste but if that's the style of music you like then I don't think it has a single track that makes you want to skip it.
The power of influence. Think the Man in Purple from Jessica Jones.
You feel sooo special, dont you?
Good Will Smith
Abba Gold
Running after people on the street with a chainsaw
Minor Attracted Persons I hope they all die a cruel death
why they have to get more all the time. theres a point at which they wont reasonably spend all the money in their lives and still tryhard for every little profit.
Passenger -  All the Little Lights
Its a joke haha
To pimp a butterfly- Kendrick Lamar
Cheese grater.
Oh no...
A wiki article about a girl abducted, tortured and killed by the yakuza. I don’t remember the title other than that it was about her, and i will not find it for you
I would question why this has nsfw on it
Ohhh thanks :)
Usually when I buy online there's a chest, waist, hip and length measurement for reassurance and fit. Also, you can just receive a tailored suit perfect for your size.
I can hear that super slow guitar note bending right now
If this ain’t the fucking truth
Not alwaya mostly is a joyful distraction from more bigger things especially when you think a lot about sex, live your life by many things not only sex
Trump ?
You certainly got canned
omg julia stiles
Prolly my favorite song of all time. True in the game as long as blood is blue in my veins
My brother once spelled easy as "essy" back when he was Grade 1. He was 6. I had known how to spell that word when I was in nursery (3 year olds).
Nothing, because you're fricking dead
Out of the blue by ELO
I remeber a Video that a friend showed to me when i was 12 or so, it was in a Jungle and 3 Guys Cut of one man's tunge and The blood flowed from His mouth. Then They Proceeded to Hack of His Fingers with a Blunt knife. I can still hear those screamals. (Sry for grammar im Not english)
I remove my skin, where my pants would be, and I would smear the mayo all over my insides.
Being homeless, and tornados.
AM - Arctic Monkeys
Miley cyrus - plastic hearts
Me nine
Band on The Run
Technically everything is in space.     So we already poop into space.
Working <50 hour weeks and/or getting paid decently
>It also showed me seashells definitely save lives  ... I'm guessing you meant "seatbelts"?
Probably my favourite. That bass line is sick.
Well... I had to get an operation on my ovaries to have my son so.... if you wants kids, no matter your age, it doesn't feel good.  But when you're "young" (under 30) doctors tend to tell you have time and won't propose your the more efficient option/treatments.... I had to tell them that yes I was young but I wanted 2 or 3 kids, if it takes 3 years of treatments to get pregnant each time + 9 month of pregnancy + let's say 18months before trying for the next one,  I'll menopaused before.
How addictive it is to look at negative content.
lil nas x -montero it's just good
Lmfaooo
Find my mom. Just sit with her and chat
Fever dreams by the BoyWithUke. You have to be into that type of music though i personally like it a lot.
God please no
Me too :( Seeing al the excitement about BN in this thread makes me so sad that I can’t find that joy in their music any more. I loved it so much.
Free universal health care. Tax the rich. Free education for all.
Shake hands
Tyson  A guy who can't figure out how to flirt with a girl. He sometimes gets to nervous to admit his true feelings to you. If he ever pauses, it is because he is thinking what he should say because he doesn't want it to come out the wrong way. he cares about your feelings alot and wants one girl to be his. If your that lucky girl, never lose him because he is worth a lot more than any guy out there.  I mean i’ll take that
Put a thumbtack into random places in the path of anyone who has asked this question before.
Prob some trippy looking fish and a bunch of sunken ships.
The longest one, three full days. After six days of heavy drinking.
Damn, it didn't even exist? That's got to be the worst, especially if you spent money thinking that you ordered something off of it.
American Beauty ~ Grateful Dead
Seems you came with our feet out while you were born
I think it's more propaganda. 99.98 survival rate under 60 years old.
Rage Against the Machine’s self titled album
If it's 100% guaranteed, I'd use all my money to throw a big ol party!  All the sex drugs and music that I can fit into 22 or so hours, I want the end of the world to look completely different from my perspective lol
Issa album
Legos, plushies, action figures, pop heads, transformers
Hybrid Theory
thanks for your suggestion
I know the one you’re talking about. It’s a classic- the YouTuber “Plagued Moth” did a video on it!
Yesss!! Im saying this 3 times now🙄🙄🙄😊👁✋ I HATE THE UPVOTING AND DOWNVOTING SYSTEM IT GETS ABUSED SO MUCH AND IS SO ANNOYING🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄😜😜🌋😀⁉️⁉️🌋⁉️⁉️⁉️ H
American Beauty/American Psycho By Fall out boy
BAHAHAHAHA
A humpback whale.
Swimming Mac Miller
>also good - black celebration
Probably a guy screaming with no face being helped out of a car after apparently attempting suicide with a shotgun. Fucking asshole coworker showed me that and I wasn't ready for it. He just asked me "if I wanted to see something gross"
When it rains on concrete.  Later that day, the sun hits the concrete and the water evaporates.  That smell.
“When?”
I sucked a guy's cock.
People that are rude two people that can't push back.
They'll never know, I'll have the biggest crush on u and act like we're just friends nothing more.
Mayonnaise.
Twilight of the Thunder God by Amon Amarth. Pure awesomeness all the way through
Anything with Queen Latifah. She reminds me of the girls who beat me up in high school.
Future Nostalgia - Dua Lipa
There is no ‘I’ in a team.
But at what cost? Cause they can’t have deep pockets, they only look okay in like maybe two leg styles, and they are like the most uncomfortable things in the world
Hey fun fact, failing to report a crime is illegal.
Why didn’t I work?  It’s 2am, and now what?  What a dipshit move.
Well but i do think atlantis did exist bc my sister has read some actual serious sources (books) and there is a theory that atlantis is in fact europe and there is so much in the old myths (that are obv partially nonsense) that does make sense if you think abt that but i cant explain it that good tho bc i didnt intensively read stuff abt it and shit but yea
jeffery by young thug
Getting a nice set of chainmail and claymore.
My kid fell over on a picnic table and got a cut on her forehead.    It was the amount of blood that did it. I went full on panic mode, never had it before or since but shit that was terrifying not knowing what to do
He believed us when we said we were saving for his college, that boy's grades couldn't get him on a college tour.
Mod behavior on reddit
Yes, similar one for me. Think the title was “gay man gets tired” or something. Villagers chased this man through the street, knocked him down and threw a tire over him, then lit it & him on fire.  Was somewhere in Africa. Horrible stuff. The screams…
Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory
The Prodigy - The Fat of the Land
Fighting someone
The one who looks like Bert from Sesame Street.
Ouch
i'm gonna kill you and it'll look like a bloody accident
MMLP
Get help batman
Everyone can Hold hands and be happy!
Dani fans incoming
Dutch!
BFMV’s The Poison  It was clowned upon its release for being too “pop” when in reality it’s one of the most solid hard rock/metalcore albums of all time
Because I can.
I used to play Vainglory a lot until the game went dead.
“After Hours” is a song I come back to year after year.
Close to the Edge - Yes
DAMN.  By Kendrick   I know it’s kind of a basic album  but it’s been the best work to me.
We both love playing chess and our sex drive was also high, we came up with the code "checkmate" so that it wouldn't be awkward if we were in public
Wait WHAT
All the references in that album are so old I had to look them up.  Seriously what does "I'm housin" even mean
Probably die to spam (For Honor fan)
Not me but friends that went to another school. My friend was on the football team and they would have contests in the locker room to see who would do the gayest thing. One friend put his pecker in a hotdog bun running around the locker room asking the other players if they wanted a bite.  This same kid also got shit faced drunk with friends in a forest and we’re doing weird things like role playing just being goofy acting out dumb drunken scenarios, anyways things got really weird when he knighted a person like you see in movies but replaced the sword with his song. Kid had no fear and rightfully so being he was hung like a horse. He’s now married to a girl he’s been dating for 8 years.
Boards of Canada - Tomorrow’s Harvest  Cursive - Domestica  Pink Floyd - Dsotm
She’s a real idiot
I guess it would be something similar to mad cow disease? Back when that broke out here farmers would be burning cows in their hundreds. The smell was horrendous
Clover from totally spies
You should try the seeds much milder alternative, it just gives the right hint of flavour and won't overpower the original taste of the main ingredient.
Astra-- the Weirding
The lies they tell to save their own asses
Came here to say exactly this! And it turns out to be the most upvoted comment. I am proud of you hitchhikers...
Juanes - Mi Sangre  Usher - Confessions
Also you need an account to even look at what they have to offer. Even Ebay doesn't make you sign up as soon as you click the site.
Yep, my choice exactly. Such a perfect album where each song is a banger
NG+  Joking, but it would be super cool to essentially have the opportunity to live your life again, being able to change one small thing each time around.
MGMT - Oracular Spectacular. start to finish its a rollercoaster of synths and misdirection.
Can't find the video. Link anyone?
Drugs.
Kool G Rap - 456 Descendents - Milo Goes To College
Likely unpleasent.
Gory Days by Necro
This is good. This is really good, but follow up: what if they say "damn that's crazy" after that
Others took most of the jazz or pop ones I was going use, so I'll go with S.O.N.O.G.R.A.M. (One Be Lo) and Food & Liquor (Lupe Fiasco).
How it’s a echo chamber for a lot of people. How no matter how well you construct your argument/opinion, there will always be someone just attempting to downvote it for the sake of it. That or just outright say you don’t get it like everything is complicated.
This part specifically will makes me wail like nothing else. So many memories tied to this song and the emotion behind his yell is something else.  This song just reminds me of everyone I've ever lost
Planet Her-Doja Cat
Enema of the state - blink 182
it's because it's the perfect video that you only watched 17 seconds
photo album
Toxicity | System of a Down
Linkin park meteora
Megadeth - Rust in Peace.
Oh I’m talking “Dixie-Crat Clinton” era.
If you say "Hey would you like to have my number" and they say YES and then they USE it.
Montana
That's not what college is for. College is for researching a topic. You as a student are learning the fruits of research. That is not college's responsibility to teach you that shit. That is your parents and yours.
What pants? You're naked.
The Doors - Strange Days
Take a nap.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
David Cassidy! Guess I am a bit older than dirt
We’ve been tricked and we’ve been backstabbed and we’ve been quite possibly been bamboozled.
Gentlemen there's a solution here you're not seeing.
Connect with and spend a nice last meal/evening with my immediate family, spend a few hours with them…connect with and spend a nice last meal with my girlfriend, spend a few (intimate) hours with her…get these people together, and occupy my last moments of existence holding the hands of the people I love most. Including my cat.
Laugh super uncontrollably
Nature
Dreaming Out Loud by OneRepublic
So what some did back in 2012?
I saw a license plate on an escalade that said ms jackson once...
I don't fear death, I just don't want the pain that comes before it. I'd take death in my sleep anyday
The correct answer.
Solkongen - Minds of 99
CHVRCHES - The Bones of What you Believe
Dire Straits, Brothers in Arms
With SP 98, I can do like 4-4.5 L/100km but with SP 95 I tend to be closer from 5 L/100
Gunship by Gunship
Daft Punks Tron Legacy Score
Ahh…. Badmotorfinger was so good. RIP Chris Cornell
Chug a glass of water because my thirst didn’t stop there
short holding capital gains tax, no thanks
Jessica Alba from Dark Angel
Huni, if my phone is at anything less than 50%, it won’t last more than 5 minutes if I’m using it. 10 if it’s just sitting there
Because its not true or its very rare to not beat your meat
He just did.
I took the shell of my pet snail to make him faster. It didn't work, it just made him sluggish.
Close my laptop and feel shame
Swimming - Mac Miller (RIP)
Oasis be here now
The seks
Take ecstasy and just have sex with my partner for the whole time, maybe eat a pizza too. Supposedly sex on ecstasy is so great, for the rest of your life sex isn’t as good. I’d want to go feeling absolutely fantastic.
Taxes in the UK are currently 32.5% (minimum, increases with salary) and we’re still sinking deeper and deeper in debt… not sure 10% would even touch the sides
Maybe, approach them with an open mind and they might share some weed. But, your experience might not be the same as mine.
You get reincarnated into a different world as an OP slime.
To Pimp a Butterfly - Kendrick
Modest Mouse - Good News
That was superb dude  How did you come up with it?  And, what's nantucket?
My country punishes rapists by making them filthy rich
Call Me If You Get Lost
You know what’s even more strange than this post? If I did it I’d be a 200cm or 6,8” Norwegian man butt ass naked, with mayonnaise and a bag of chips. Know what I’m gonna do to create ASMR? I’m gonna mix the chips and Mayo together and I’m gonna crunch it up with my dick because what else am I gonna do?
excellent done
probably for the best this time
Do others know the world is ending? If not, commit crimes, otherwise just hide and enjoy the last bit of life.
Nonsense. Heroes is far better.
Right!
An x gf said I was a waste of air
The meaning of life is, dare I say it; >!Among Us In Real Life, Sus!<
same, moose, but I've never seen them irl, just saw a vid of one walking next to a car
'The G' isn't a spot, it's an arena.
Tickets to my downfall - machinegunkelly
American idiot
Townes Van Zandt - Townes Van Zandt
Circus Maximus - Nine
There are smarter things in the universe but they avoid us beacause for them we are agressif cavemen
Why in the world would you ever order a bike on wish? 😂😂😂
?? It's called biological warfare. And the corona virus is just the first one. Eventually they'll find one that only affects non Chinese
Well, when plants started eating animals they sent people to even out the score.
Ah yes The Pinewood Cure.
thanks ‼️
Have a walk around the town, enjoy the nature.
People bludgeoning seals, (a lot of animal abuse), 2 girls 1 cup
Curd/yoghurt
This
I don't know or care what an "ASMR experience". I'd just dry-hump Beyoncé.
Sleep With Me is an excellent podcast that lulls me into a sleep, almost without fail  Edit: it may take a few tries, but it does work
Deftones - White Pony
Daughters Hell Songs satisfying every time =}
I prefer Still Crazy but yeah this one's amazing and perfection
AM - Arctic Monkeys
Pee in the butt
dawn and dusk by mxmtoon
None :D  Although it does sometimes give you a similar feeling when the sugar levels drop. They just have to drop hard enough. It fucking hurts, you're exhausted, and a bit nauseated.  In that case, if that counts, somewhere around 6 to 8 hours. I ate a 300 g chocolate bar with 1.5 liters of ice tea and had P.E. afterwards.
People
Tickets to my downfall-MGK
Craigslist can be bad at times. Especially the shady people. There was one time that somebody was asking for 1 million dollars for a ps3. Not to mention that the guy wanted you to pay that in cash in person. Like, how am I gonna get that in cash? Am I going to rob a f\*cking bank? I'll probably get robbed if I show up to that deal.
A lot of these albums are really good, and even better than TK, but you don't need, or want, to skip any song on this album, and that was the question.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Frank Sinatra - In the Wee small hours of the morning is an absolute masterpiece full of emotions from front to back.   Sinatra made this album after his divorce from his wife and you can definitely fell his sorrow in every word.
I watched that like a month ago. Got me pretty good. What a wake up call. Makes me much more mindful of "big machine no get hurt, big machine get hurt you."
Swimming - Mac Miller
Shit, those dudes would beat off together at the start of their career.
Heroin
Melissa Joan Hart.   Still kinda is tbh.
Hybrid theory by Linkin park
This is not a thread I should be reading at 4am :(
Watchmen
"Tekno" by a swedish composer called 1900
Slayer- Reign In Blood
Florida
I have seen this multiple times now, it weirded me out and was a minor mindblow.
"If you think that's crazy your gonna love what I do next" then pull out a spoon and try to eat them
Love the one kliksphilip did.   If everyone in the world suddenly becomes you,  how long would it be before a murder?
DONDA
Open gifts then have sex
Existential dread....then goes to watch yt
Souvlaki-slowdive
H-huh?               🗿           👉👈
Nas - Illmatic
Pearl Jam - Ten
Dangerous: The Double Album by Morgan Wallen Bury Me in Dixie EP by Riley Green If It Wasn't For Trucks EP by Riley Green The House with no Doorbell by McCafferty
Together with my wife fullnude in the living room.
Chilombo Jhene Aiko
Simple Minds - New Gold Dream
DEVON SAWA SO BAD
I just remembered that one dude who live streamed himself walking up to a random old man on the street and shooting him on Facebook  Fucking loser, why the fuck do these people think they're so superior and have the right?  Like i KNOW the answer is brain damage but STILL
Rick roll
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Pedale!"
'Obsolete' by Fear Factory. Always in my top 3.
Excersise, sleep well, eat veggies
Goldfrapp - Tales of Us
Add to the fact that Stevie changed the game without players like Bobby, stubblefield, bootsy, maceo, Fred Wesley, etc. Stevie was a one man band in the studio.
The human equation by Ayreon ❤️
Jesus
Plank.
IMO it is Big Time Rush. Guys trust, there are only good songs in the first album. Just listen to it, it also reminds me of my childhood again :DD Smo feel the same?? :3
Came here to say the same thing
Napalm… but only in the morning.
Orange juice
Wynona Ryder <3  She still is...
me too earl 😔
air smelling candle (smells like air)
Radiohead - The King Of Limbs
Happy cake day, my fellow redditor
Angel is my goto for testing out any new car speakers
This is the way
ok and? and? and what? suck my dick? what the fuck do you want me to say? i already got my point across to your pubic brain and here you are acting like a smug smartass in a miserable way to be funny and trying to win an argument against me cause you won't accept fair criticism   >This can also be used when someone says "and?"
I'd probably try out murder I mean it's 24 hours and I'm curious how this will end. Will the Police catch me in 24 hours or am I successful and love in hiding for the last few hours
Late to the party but My own reflection reminds me how much of a sick person I am, Shame on you..
Tough one. My favorite are family owned Mom and Pop.. No one would know what I was saying unless they were local.
Idk why I’ve always preferred Time In. Cassandra is so fucking catchy. There’s not one bad song on Time In.
Thrice - Vheissu   How has nobody mentioned this.  It is a rock masterpiece from a band that influenced and redefined an entire genre of rock.
That's deep.  I find it best is to find something else to occupy your time, like for me, gym. It tire you out and occupy your mind.
About 7 days before I was back to normal, happened recently and I’m not gonna drink again for a while.
I used to live near a large open stormwater drain with no fencing around it. Three drunk guys drove their car straight into it. I went out and found the driver trying to get his friends foot out of the windshield. On the field on other side of the drain I saw the third passenger who was covered in blood. I asked if they were ok and my neighbour called the ambulance/police.  The blood covered friend passed out and was twitching so I ran to the car, grabbed a towel from the back seat and ran to help him. I found a large, deep cut on the back of his neck/head. I rolled him to his back and used the weight of his head to put pressure on the wound. I was talking to him, trying to keep him awake and he went into shock, twitching and unresponsive.  This was the moment I thought an man died in my hands. I was able to wake him and the ambulance took over from there. That was the most harrowing moment of my life
Some vehicles require higher grades of fuel.
If it’s mine, I put almost all into savings and the rest go to paying rent and stuff. Let it build interest a bit
Start from the beginning
Plan exactly when it ends so i can go out mid rub like the Pompeii man
My old neighbors didn't complain, but they were still super annoying because I legit couldn't get anything fixed or changed in the house because they would refuse to communicate. They were weird af. I couldn't even get an exterminator in all floors of the home.
Bayblade XD
The lumineers - Cleopatra
Post butt clarity is best spent on the bidet, trust me.
one of the reasons DSOTM is so great is that its a perfectly complete package, from the artwork, to the the total album length.   That some people aren't a fan of on the run i can understand, but that they would rather break that package and live with a 0.5 second gap by skipping it is unfathomable to me. Its only 3:40 minuts as part of a 43:09 minute experience.   The Bells on time hit much better if you are building up to and anticipating it. Instead of initiating the song yourself.
Any of Royal Blood's albums. There's not a song I skip.
Getting ignored in a group call.
What about implied verbal consent?
Equality of opportunity. Not equality of outcome
Eat the chips…watch everyone die
One that didn’t even exist it was just a scam and in second place Wish.com
No clue if I can enjoy these lovely cookies and tea, than I'm happy.
Rick Astley “never gonna give you up” classic rickroll haha
gillian anderson was a hefty part of my sexual awakening...as a woman. ahahah
Do you like Phil Collins? I've been a big Genesis fan ever since the release of their 1980 album, Duke. Before that, I really didn't understand any of their work. Too artsy, too intellectual. It was on Duke where Phil Collins' presence became more apparent. I think Invisible Touch was the group's undisputed masterpiece. It's an epic meditation on intangibility. At the same time, it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums. Listen to the brilliant ensemble playing of Banks, Collins and Rutherford. You can practically hear every nuance of every instrument. In terms of lyrical craftsmanship, the sheer songwriting, this album hits a new peak of professionalism. Take the lyrics to Land of Confusion. In this song, Phil Collins addresses the problems of abusive political authority. In Too Deep is the most moving pop song of the 1980s, about monogamy and commitment. The song is extremely uplifting. Their lyrics are as positive and affirmative as anything I've heard in rock. Phil Collins' solo career seems to be more commercial and therefore more satisfying, in a narrower way. Especially songs like In the Air Tonight and Against All Odds. But I also think Phil Collins works best within the confines of the group, than as a solo artist, and I stress the word artist. This is Sussudio, a great, great song, a personal favorite.
Alizeé
I buy it for my outboard boat engine. It was suggested by the previous owner and I think I read it in the manual. It cost me a ton to get that engine, so I feel like skimping on the fuel isn’t worth it as this point. For my car, never.
pet sounds   heartbreaker   my beautiful dark twisted fantasy   purple rain   the great southern trendkill  to pimp a butterfly   bleach  kid a
Am I in a parallel universe where I actually lost my virginity and this question actually applies to me?
You should have never trusted Hollywood...
It's amazing. I don't listen to live albums that much, but this one I love.
Happy cake day, my fellow redditor
Tell me about it.
All Is Violent, All Is Bright - God Is An Astronaut.  Perfect piece of post rock to chill by
..build legos...
Because of the Times - Kings of Leon. An underrated masterpiece.
Dil Se - A.R. Rahman
*blushes*☺️
Is this that GoFuckMe internet thing I keep hearing about?
What are you buyin?
“Don’t give up! It gets better.”  —just kidding, guys. It does get better. Everyone has the potential for growth. Keep working toward your dreams!
slept then woke up for sex
Nice
i dont say anything i just lay his dumb ass down, give him a pillow and let him sleep then talk to him about his sleeping issue when he wakes up.  i aint gonna be a clone wars era jedi i am more legends luke jedi order type
Wanna fuck?
Pictures of Naked people taking 20 minutes to download. Oh the excitement! /s
most of the kids that are involved in discovering good music from across genres have listened to radiohead, it's just they nobody really listed them here. also no, they don't listen to kanye for therapy, they got other artists for that.
Shy is when you are nervious in company with others, how about humble instead?
They think COVID vaccines are the end of the world. Killing people, sterilizing people, the whole 9
I find the word “doggo” makes me irrationally irritated.
Sorotan Bele, by Sorotan Bele.
Pineapple is unacceptable on pizza.
This guy I can get behind.
So glad I didn't need to scroll too long to find this 🙌
OnePiece
portishead live new york 92'
Enema of the state
Go blissfully brain dead for a few minutes.
Fake fucks
"I know right!?!"
Just start reading a dictionary out loud.
I'm on reddit at 3 A.M.  Crush rejected me.
Morcheeba - Big Calm  Morphine - Cure for Pain  Soul Coughing - Ruby Vroom  OP8 - Slush
Better do this every night just in case
Cry
Nirvana - Nevermind
But then you can't turn it off
Yes. Your brother and mother.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nah. All their albums from the Layne era are fantastic. Dirt, JoF, Facelift and self titled without a doubt. I really like how sluggish the latter feels. SAP isn't a masterpiece tho but still good.
The xx - XX
Let's commit the reproductive act tonight, shall we?
42
The future. Or rather MY future.
Rosenrot - Rammstein   Master of Puppets - Metallica
Donda
Moved to China
For me, the best smell in the world is freshly cooking steak. The fat and salt mixed together is  amazing
Time by ELO
That was the best thing I've read today, thank you so much for sharing it, it literally made my day better
People treating lgbt like they are gods
It beats using regular mouthwash.
I have seen this thread enough times that I know people will answer this thread with.  Bless your heart or as per my last email.  That's not a statement, its my answer.
The Challenger blew up because it hit the dome
Again with this?
The Cars (self titled) debut album basically doubles as their Greatest Hits album
That sound that plays when mario gets a mushroom
It popularized the use of modes in modern music. Jazz players started focusing on scales and modes while previously they would typically focus on chord tones. Their improv lines became more horizontal (scales)  compared to the vertical style of playing bebop players (chords)
My mother is from Thrace, my dad is from the Shopluka. We are Bulgarian all the way down to 6 to 7 generations on both sides where in the late 1500s the traces of who's who and what get cold.
The brick video, and I have seen *everything* else itt
I'll take the bag of chips and dip. Always thought Beyonce was over hyped and never really likes her music. Certainly the world isn't gonna be saved by one of her concerts.
take a shower
Idk why but there is something so troubling about watching a real person die while you were probably having fun. Video games don't compare to the nightmares you get after seeing a gruesome death irl online
Definitely Maybe by Oasis
Sex with a Republican.
Amon Amarth - Twilight of the Thunder God. Amazing metal album.
I mean realistically it probably happens more than most people think. Old people pass. People commit self delete or are killed.   If you were to remodel everything you would never really know unless it was high profile or the realtor tells you.   I’d be okay with it. Not fucking with ghosts though
That would seriously make us all better, sensible individuals.
"Cold walls do not a prison make, nor iron bands a bondsman."  From The Gentleman Bastard series by Scott Lynch.  I haven't even gotten to the book this is from yet (nystagmus has destroyed my ability to read books), but this sticks with me.
I would try and stop either Sonic Lost World or Sonic Colors Ultimate's development.
A failed suicide attempt i think on r/makemesuffermore. He had shot himself under his chin up. His jaw was dangling and face was gone. He was being treated in the ER and had a low groan. Thanks for reminding me
Mxr the album
Kelly Mcgillis
Absolutely nothing
Winner winner chicken dinner.
They called tesla crazy before they shot him too.
Appetite for destruction
Jessica Alba
Idioteque makes me cry.  Heck a lot of Radiohead does though
Lmao I will try to find it
Jean-Claude Van Damme
Did it blow your mind drastically, fantastically?
Why? Uhh to watch anime and in the event I go to japan and I can hopefully not get the nihongo jouzu. Also Spanish. English is my native.
AM by Arctic Monkeys
If a song has to be a banger for you to not skip it…I have no words
Cocaine
The entire so sad so sexy album by Lykke Li, if that counts as R&B.
Can I put my balls in yo jaws
Freak out in a moonage daydream, oh yeah!
the Weeknd - After Hours
Why they have so many cars, i get it of its vintage and ur a collector but why do u need 10 new cars
Ronnie Mcnutt suicide footage. I can't sleep for a week when I saw it.
There moon is made of cheese!  Cartoons will back this up!
My Integra used to run like shit without it. Now my Forester couldn't give a toss.
That mount has to be a rare drop for sure.
I believe my first dive into anything Tool was my Dad's playlist when I was a kid. The Hollow, Judith, and The Outsider were all in his mix when I was at least a toddler.  It's crazy when a band comes on and it's like a lightbulb goes off and all those memories come back. It's one of the reasons I love music
Coins of all kinds, I do it because I feel like I'm holding a piece of history.
Jimmy Eat World - Bleed American
Hayley Williams is one of them
The halo 3 soundtrack
wouldnt that just instantly kill but no you cant die, argg, so confusing
Nirvana mtv unplugged
Sleep, ig Meet my parents and boyfriend
Tickets to my downfall-Mgk
Lie back and open my legs
We speak around 5 different languages, with 2 distinct German dialects
 I am denying that  it is a commandment for the modern day and an advocacy of sexual slavery on God's part.No I am not denying that virgins were kept alive after this event or the fact that tons of people were slaughtered at Moses command  during it. I want your perspective here, why do you believe that this was done?  As for how marriage applies, that 's what the verse says. I quoted it previously.
Nocturnal- the midnight
That’s the actual Cosmo advice. Legit.
Lou Reed - Transformer
There once was a man,  He came from Nantucket, wait  That’s a limerick
Also he wasn’t a massive POS to his band/wives/children/strangers etc.
Here's one I learned recently...  My mom and dad are potatoes, so I guess that makes me a CHIP off the old block!
I might take a vaccine for my crush. Maybe. Yeah, That is all it takes. Her flaming me over a anti vax post.  She replied after half a year asking about my choice and litterly flaming me. Then continueing to ask how I am.  Somehow I think she still wants that date.   Now I kinda want to slap myself. Do I take a vaccine for a girl? Do I? Do I take that risk? I might overthink it.  She has a dangerous level of positive influence on me.  If this girl told me to jump into a pile of acid I would. Hopefully she isn't aware but I am afraid she is.
Rethink my purpose in life.
Same here man, only it was a Honda Civic.
I usually get powdered cumin.
Xenia - the one and only!
Pup - morbid stuff
smoke + mirrors by image dragons
Would like to know as well, asking for fucked up friend.
My partner and I just look at each other and say an elongated Hi,  if we get an elongated hi back then it's go time. A "Hey" in the same style means "I'm not up to sex but I want to have some fun". The addition of "there" to either a Hi or Hey alters the connotations to "I'm not quite sure what I'm up for exactly but I'm happy to find out", but still within the context of the original prefix. The suffix "sweetheart" changes it to an "I'm not interested in anything tonight".
There is.  -  Sexy people ⤴️  Your Grandma ⤵️
Bomb Thr3at by Sex Bomb Girls
Slowdive - Souvlaki  (Every song there is my fav)
What could be worse than existing forever? I'll be happy with nothingness.
I lol'd reading this
If I look at the amount of girls I have ever talked to in my life I’d say 3/10.
That's basically with every guy, we don't stop talking because of an argument.. were not woman
Just all over the British Isles
I'm sure it seems that way to the unimaginative.
Yes! I was hoping someone would say this! Such and awesome album front to back
hahahaha wtf, just listening to it here...holy crap that different.
Having a family
Yeah, I ducking love that song. And solitude
Panopticon by Isis (the good one)
Ain’t it mane
I slowly pour the mayonnaise down my pants, while walking barefoot on the crisps, the sound of the squelching and me screaming, begins to make everyone cream their pants, and I begin to finish my ASMR by spreading the mayonnaise all over my >!cock!<
Happy cake day, my fellow redditor
Ice cream van jingle
One Cold Morning by Makkon (get to 0:50 and go from there)
Hop on clash Royale with the boys
The Beatles - The Sgt Pepper Lonely Hearts Club Band
You can triple the prices if you make the brand name convincing enough and add a pinch of pleasant scent
Confidence is sexy so this seems legit
Faith, Love and Freedom
Dreamboat Annie -Heart
I'd hold my stocks.
No, that's not okay for me, u have to be charismatic, and be funny, if not it's still a waste of time (for me)
Massive government overreach that has resulted in the largest power grab in history. The erosion of liberty and freedom, as well as bodily autonomy. The largest wealth transfer in human history, the rich get richer, and the poor get poorer. The beginning stages of the Great Reset. Pretty scary times we live in
As someone who has been tested probably 20 - 30 times.. that shit gets old really quick.  I give him a month before he is rethinking his strategy.  But that policy is fucked up, he should be tested on his own time, not company time...
Probably anime loli little girls, it’s really weird
Absolutely. DA in my state is overflowing with cases, so much so I filed against my abuser over a year ago and still pending a court date. Luckily safe now, but there are so many out there affected and unsafe due to limited resources due to the pandemic. Donate to your shelters and children's /women's help centers if you can instead of Goodwill, it will go to people that are in need and for free.
Someone who wants to meet in your area
nice
Seeing my wife and my dog at the end of every workday.
I don't have an ex, I just thought this would be a good addition
There were major abusive red flags
Women and girls
The holy trinity
Oh I'm sorry, I must not have mentioned, his father passed earlier this year. The t-shirt incident happened just a week before he passed. Thank you though 💖
Never. Water is the liquid of devil.
In the meantime, you should stop 'sniping' my comments, are we square? I was already ready to mind my own business and of course you just had to come once again...
Disney actually paid [$4.05 Billion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucasfilm#Subsidiary_of_Walt_Disney_\(2012%E2%80%93present\)) for it.
Introverting
The 1920s sound like they would be fun, as long as I was dead before 1929 lmao
Nipple strength
Damn! Glad you’re ok!
One thing that scares me about this is how much information we’re giving to our foreign (and, He’ll, even domestic) enemies. This was the perfect dry run for a more dangerous biological or chemical warfare option - release it and politicize it and watch it wreak havoc while people openly fight for the warfare agent while others take it seriously.
The forgery you are replacing the original with and the keg for the after-party.
Sepsis gets in saliva and peoples face gets infected.
What?
I'm actually in the opposite camp here. I had so much social anxiety before the pandemic. So as bad as it sounds, I feel like it brought everyone onto the same level and I actually felt like I had a chance for once... It's weird I know. I can't really explain it but I know how it felt.
Not me but a friend found 2 of her teachers going at it
Parking in rear
A friend of my ex husband.  That guy never had a clear, sane thought in his entire life, and acted on every impulse he had without considering the implications.
It would be a green stop sign.
Synergy
wait until the anxiety about meeting with a therapist prevents you from meeting with a therapist 🙃
My sister was working in a nursing home as an RA (Resident Assistant), she just quit. The toxicity of that environment has really changed her perspective on health care and growing old. The saddest part is she said most of the residents have been seeing their family the same amount during the pandemic, as they did before (i.e., zero).
If you were my son I would be incredibly proud of you! Well done. It is a great feat to reach these important milestones in your life. I am sorry for your loss. But believe me, your mom will always be in your thoughts to give you the strength and perserverance you need.
Shady Lane
r/twogirlsonecup
*Angry technology connections noises*.
All those radio guys and preachers that say god will save them from covid and don’t get vaccinated. Good riddance to them all.
Remind me of the clip with KSI and that other person saying “nah nah nah don’t make it gay”
Yes, but I have volumes 1-36 if you want the entire compendium.
Okay but what are the upsides of COVID-19?
Like, a social event based on cooking method, like a BBQ?
No. It should be worse to punish the failure as well.
What are some not so fun facts?  Everyone: *posts fun facts*
It's a lot harder than I thought.
🎶The wheel of fortune…🎶
Thank you so much! No, I'm good. But I appreciate the offer!
Covid long haulers, where many people are now disabled with life altering illnesses like POTS and ME/CFS, and have been for over a year because they go sick. Many times through no fault of their own.
Welcome to reddit. The lowest hanging fruit of all time all in one place
I'd keep it and use it to make Xmas cards.
Turning on everybody at the end of the heist and taking all the money by escaping thru the trap door I made the night before.
Never, i just believe in it and accept it as truth
Touché
The ability to study their body
False Vacuum Decay - the entire universe could blink out of existence in (from our perspective) an instant.
Aahh, the elequency of your describtion is unfathomable. It's so much the same. I really wanna become a cleaning man rn tbh
It would have to be legislated to remove the party from the ticket, just list the names no D or R. So many people, so so so so many just vote the party for every single position.
Who is gaming on android?
a lot of anime audiences are also attracted to men and yet fanservice for those people isn't prevalent
Hello there. Yesterday I bought xbox game pass for pc, and I downloaded Sea of Thieves. Now I wanted to play with friend but I can't, it popped up a message that I can't play muliplayer games, I went to xbox.com and tried to fix it, but it didn't work. What do I do?
thats the definition of an introvert lol
Reddit is and always was setup to be like this
We didn't win the monkey wars to just hand science over to anyone!
Well be able to afford the latest and greatest tools and gadgets
Why dutch
Ma DICK!
Alicia Vikander
Bioshock. I love all three games but the first is my favourite.
wikipedia
Few mins ago, now i have to pee.
Oof that's rough buddy, hang in there. What meds are you not allowed to have due to your covid recovery?
Basic human needs for the entire population, at the very least
24, M, none
Gaslight circle
I also think we should start welding people into their homes with armed guards outside ordered to shoot on sight.    Not even if you leave just if they see you through the window even, crawl you coughing bitch.
I wish all of them had left
Welcome to Twatt
Van Halen. Sitting in on a guitar lesson for a friend who was learning Runnin’ With The Devil. Changed music for me
Tons of things. But the one that made me stop talking to them instantly and block them was them calling me “sweetheart” as soon as we started talking. It really creeped me out.
I work in health in a low income country, and due to the overburdened global supply chain, we ran out of key medications including vaccines for children and drugs used in labor and delivery (oxytocin). The entire fucking country.
The word "females." We're human, we're women.
I confronted my boss when they told me I needed to provide a medical certificate for my planned annual leave and sorted it out.
I've started to realize that just because I'm not "depressed", doesn't mean I'm happy.  There's a limbo state and I'm pretty sure I've been there for several years.  I work hard to live in my drywall box, feed myself, and pay all of the monthly constants like gas, water, taxes, electricity, and after that there's not much left.  Haven't had a scheduled day off in two years.   I don't connect with people because it's full of hate and division and I don't feel strong enough to pick one side or the other.  But yet I have it better than most because I have a job *AND* a drywall box to live in.  I should have had a midlife crisis a while ago, but I think I was too busy working and I missed it.  Right now the worst thing I can think of is living into old age.
N64
Maybe origin of symmetry
Tough choice. Heres my top five in no particular order  Poltergeist  Poultrygeist  The toxic avenger  Evil Dead  Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.
Holy shit are you me?
I've only used a couple, disposable-type pens, which were using a concentrate. So, I don't have a fair comparison to make. I have only used flower in mine. Made the switch because I kept getting "tar" in my nose and was causing A LOT of coughing when using a "water pipe" (was changing water daily and thoroughly cleaning weekly). Since then, no "tar" and I don't remember the last time I coughed until my teeth were sweating.   FWIW: These are 100% my opinion, based on my own observations 😊
Suicide rates going up
Have you ever seen movies where they show real life racism, homophobia, drug use, or fat shaming? A film can be critical of something while protraying it in a realistic way. Stop pretending it's a contradiction.
uhm no.  lemme just begin lmao then u know  Aspd- lack of empathy, essentially NPD- troubled/exaggerated self importanve, seeks assurance 24/7 Bpd- extreme fear of abandonment, attachment issues, s/h and s/c risk in response to situations where one fears to be abandoned, unclear or fluctuating self Image Ocd- intrusive thoughts and having to act on them Hpd - extreme emotions, impulsivity adhd- Problems with focusing and concentrating, hyperactivity, impulsivity stpd- superstitious believs, paranoid of others, extreme social anxiety, psychosis (which u can realize they are halluzinations, unlike shitzophrenia), delusions shizophrenia- having delusions and halluzinations, inability to tell difference netween reality and psychosis shitzoid:  Autism (level 1-3) comorbid symptoms like spd, apd, alexithymia, misophonia, or hyposensitivity. ofzen comorbid witg adhd. essentially makes you view the world differently. symptoms include: inability zo use spoken language, interpret other's emotions, getting shutdowns in response to certain situations. lower IQ, reaching milestones later, hyperfocusing etc.
It is implying that girls are normally not likeable and different from me in a bad way and that i stand out from a crowd of undesirable girls because im not like them and that is why you like me. Why am i different from other girls? What is wrong with other girls? Are you stereotyping girls to be bad? Cant girls be nice and likeable?   I think no girl is like other girls, all girls are different and that is why i am just like other girls - Unique.
aw shit same…. but with tacos??
He really is. I wish she could have gotten away from him sooner
two issues. first they're not strapping you to a chair and injecting you, technically you don't have to but it will be very difficult to get jobs, go to school, etc. second, the goal is to not only prevent you from catching it (and making you less likely to get very sick if you do) but to prevent other who can't get the vaccine (allergies, autoimmune disorders, etc) from getting sick.
You are almost never more than 6 feet from a spider.
I’m the only one in my department who didn’t, and still doesn’t, have the option to work from home. I’ve been in every day after a 2-week shutdown last March (save for time off), and I don’t feel appreciated for it.
I was Catholic until relatively recently. I just kind of…lost my faith. I just stopped believing.
I never miss an election!
My teacher who assaulted me for two years in middle school. Heard a bunch of girls finally came forward with 20 years of sexual abuse and a court case was made against him and he mysteriously “had a heart attack” before anyone could prosecute him for anything. I always think about how I wish I was strong enough to tell someone what was going on but I’m proud of the girls that did that put a stop to him.
Mental health
I laughed so hard akxjddk i needed this
Not just yet, but the levels of abandoned animals will skyrocket in next 1 - 2 years.
Invest in science education in the Red states.
Like an hour ago
If they were born out of wedlock and chose philosophy as a career.
Oh, could be so. From what I know in my country my brother has been having online classes since 2 years now. He hasn't gone to school once.
No. It happened a month ago and I think there is still an investigation. We don't think he will go to jail nor should he.
berinwitness?? Oh, the team’s really gonna love me at the trial!
I wish the latter argument would die. It's an old fashioned trope that brushes homophobia under the carpet without addressing the genuine issue of homophobia. I'm not saying it doesn't exist. Of course there are homophobes who are in the closet. But it's not true for all. Homophobia is an issue. "They're probably gay themselves" dismisses the severity of homophobia.
That sucks I hate waking up within a dream it'll confuse the hell out of you
Ted Bundy
There is no fixing it. We're hardwired by evolution for tribalism and competition. There is no coming back from what social medias unleashed, and it's going to get worst.
Right Turn Only  (Because she was "always right".)
> Second, there are instances in which reconciling differences isn't good. This might not be one of them, but it also might be. Reconciling differences isn't intrinsically virtuous.  No, but it's intrinsically pragmatic. If there are enough people who hold to an ideology, they have to be dealt with, unless it's "the hill you die on" and you're willing to segregate society. Maybe we should split into negative- and positive-liberty societies. The problem is that as I see it, we've been moving to positive-liberty almost monotonically for the past 150 years or so.
My hair and face.
You’re outta luck
every thanksgiving my sister and i have the same nightmare. When my sister and i were 10 we walked into the living room and saw my dad watching NCIS and there was this dead body that was from a fire or something and just freaky looking ajd freaked out my sister and i. years later my sister and i have the nightmare of the body every year to this day.
Closest thing I have seen to a real life Disney princess at least.
Folding letters to fit into envelopes. Getting those perfect folds is impossible for me.   (If anybody could link something that could help me with this extremely minor task, I’d be forever grateful)
This is unfortunately some of the realest shit ive seen on reddit. Want to make new friends? Have important convos with the boss that lead to promotion? Always have an excuse to step out of the bar and make more friends outside? Take up smoking
Being super hypocritical. For example, doing something or having done something themselves that they then want to make illegal or unavailable to other people because it “was different when they did it”.
About 3 hours ago
Totalitarian authoritarianism and tyranny.
Hair
Name 1 YouTuber or twitch creator who was ever banned for swearing?
Everytime
TES / TPAB / MBDTF
Elected Trump back into office lmao
The only thing that would make me question being an atheist would be God showing up at my front door. Just because someone don't know what causes something doesn't mean the answer is God, so what would be a "religious experience" for a theist would be an unexplained event for an atheist.
Same. It got so aggressive that I had to go do home school.
And gambling
FF6?
Well, Shirley, since you've clearly failed to grasp the central insipid metaphor of those Twilight books you devour, let me explain it to you: Men are monsters who crave young flesh. The end.
I can’t speak for anyone but myself but the pandemic really highlighted for me how ridiculously stupid the public school system can be.
I mean we're not puppets on strings, God doesn't control every move every single person makes.
wow nice answer
Alright now.... I'm all in favor of vaccines....  But let's not pretend it's the physical pain of the needle that these people are scared of.
Yup. At least that is a private school so to speak, so if you wanted to technically you could go somewhere else (or if yojr parents wanted to) Many public schools do the same shit but the parents are uninvolved with the PTA and can't or won't pull their kids or make changes. It's so important to vote in local and school board elections and school budget elections because of this. For a Catholic or private school it would be much harder to change where the budget is going. I assume there is a board of regents or some shit
It’s not a tumoooomah!
Wear one on each foot
Same with lion of Madagascar 3, the police lady alone is enough to make it a masterpiece
Top to bottom.
/r/iamverysmart
I’ve been in a custody battle for over 5 years now, my sons autistic and his mother had him tell the police he was hit and molested multiple times. A custody battle against a woman, especially a white woman, is a waste of time and money and will only hurt the kid in the end. The system fucking sucks.
When I realized I'm in the top 1% in my country.
Dream. He’s a good YouTuber in my opinion, it’s only some of his fans that do questionable things, and you shouldn’t dislike someone for their fans.
I also dry your cock
A pro tip from someone who has been dealing with hardcore anxiety and depression for a while now and getting great professional help: don't spend energy fighting against negative thoughts and feelings. That's not to say you should let them take over, but rather accept that they are there, they are temporary, and they don't define you as a person. Getting too attached to feelings and over-identifying with them fuels them. Allowing them to come and go and acting as a passive observer takes away their power.  Easier said than done, but you could probably cultivate this level of mindfulness by meditating and practicing it over the course of like one month.
As someone who has worked(w2) from home for over 10 years, I’m just shrugging at the shit-show.
I guess it really depends on how you grew up. I live in Canada, where it's expected they'll check on you occasionally. Maybe a European would find it annoying, but to me it's normal. On the other hand, when I was on a road trip in the US, it felt like they checked on us every 2 minutes and I didn't get any breathing room to just enjoy myself. I understood that it was supposed to be a positive but to me it was horrifying.
I once fought a dog with a mop
I realized how incredibly stupid many people are. I wish I could go back to thinking they are all just harmlessly dumb. But the deep, deep stupid of anti-vaxxers is tough to forgive or forget.
Kidney stone when I was a kid. Was walking home and suddenly felt like someone started twisting a dull knife into my side.
I never understood the logic.  "Those at risk stay home" means you're a horrible bigot who hates the old and unhealthy.  But  "Everyone stay home" is completely acceptable?
As someone who has lost pets to drivers that left them agonize on the road, thank you.
Contrary to popular belief, it is possible to live in a modern, functioning society with things like hospitals, fire brigades, police and you know, jobs and stuff without guns.
The hospital protocols. My father had to have emergency open heart surgery in November to save his life and we couldn’t be there with him at all during his recovery in the hospital. That was the hardest part for both him and my family because we was alone and miserable. And then my Grandmother was diagnosed with Brain Cancer in December and we couldn’t be in the hospital with her when she was diagnosed and she was all alone when she was told she had a terminal illness. Sad stuff man.
Pack in the reverse order you plan to unpack and do it by rooms. So if you need the bedroom stuff 1st (and you do another pro tip- you'll want a place to sleep instead of laying on a mattress on the floor at the end of the day) it goes on LAST. BONUS: give yourself enough time to pack/unpack. You're not going to pack and unpack that box truck when moving a 4 bedroom split level in 4 hours. Rent the truck for longer.   Extra Bonus: bathroom supplies including a junk towel should be the 1st thing you put into your place. Trust me.
I guess it depends on the introvert. I have lots of hobbies but none of them serious. I just like to tinker with stuff and get lost in whatever I'm doing.
Wheel, snipe, celly, boys
Good style of life>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>hospitals  (if you are not a car crash victim)
If I was an apologist for Lars, I’d be defending his actions.  You wrote he admitted his was a dick to the fans. So, I assume you meant to say “Lars apologized.”  Apologize: express regret for something that one has done wrong. Apologist: a person who offers an argument in defense of something controversial.
If I can learn the same things without being uncomfortable, why not? I can learn more about the history of racism in the United States using the Wikipedia article than I could visiting the museum. Heck, I *have* done that lmao.
Years ago, my wife and I were driving on the expressway that was under major construction.   Traffic had slowed quite a bit and I saw a plume of smoke ahead.  As we drew closer, I could see it was the beginning of a Carbeque, but the driver was still in the vehicle.    I did a death defying move to cross multiple lanes of traffic to pull over, despite my wife’s protests about being late to the event we were headed to.   I approached the car, which was just starting to produce visible fire from the wheel wells and opened the door to the car.    The guy was conscious, but in obvious shock and was unresponsive.     I had to reach in to unbuckle him and pull him out of the car.    Within seconds of me getting him out, the driver’s compartment was completely engulfed in flames.
I'm basically a stripper. I'm the entertainment
Harry goes to his parents vault at the bank looks at all the coins his parents left him. Hagrid says, yeah that will pay for your first year you'll have to apply for a loan after that.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whore
I lived in an apartment complex and next door lived a woman with her 3 kids (one was 8 or 9 at the time and the other two were 4 or 5 yo twins).  One night their dad was there watching them while she was at work, and one of the twins fell off a bunk bed head first, straight onto a piece of Lego which pocked a hole in his cranium. We heard cries and screams, so we went to see what had happened and I called an ambulance for the kid while his dad was panicking. When they came and took the child to the hospital, dad went with him and I stayed and babysat the other two kids until 2 or 3 am (i put them in bed but they were scared and the little one was convinced his brother would have died, so they didn't sleep). When the parents came back with the kid (who was thankfully fine, nothing major had happened), the mother started yelling at her ex for being such a shitty father and nit being able to take care of the kids and accusing him of hurting the child on purpose and all that stuff... Right in front of me. I had to stop her and say something along the line of "OK guys, I'm going home, night", and she didn't even say thank you for staying and watching my kids, nothing at all.  The sadly funny thing is, she was yelling at the guy for the accident because he was 'a shitty parent who can't raise his own children', when she was literally working as a prostitute (during the days and nights off of the legit job) at home, when the kids were there in the next room. Cops and social services kept going to her apartment and she always pretended not to be there, and I also know she was doing everything in her power to prevent her ex from seeing the kids unless she needed him to babysit them.
R/stopdrinking is a really great resource if you're looking at cutting back. I've had a less-than-ideal relationship with liquor for a while, but the pandemic kicked my drinking into overdrive. Reading about other people's experiences and better understanding how heavily my drinking was affecting both my mental and physical health really opened my eyes to how important it was for me to get a handle on my drinking. I'm still far from where I want to be, but I'm on the right path now, and even just lurking the subreddit has been a huge inspiration as I continue to work at sobriety.
my grandmother passed away nearly alone despite of the fact that she had 6 children and over 9 grandchildren who could just not be with her on her last day  &#x200B;  I think about it everyday
Upgraded our PCs
21st Night of September
Keep an emergency fund. For, you know, emergency.
I only have my left and go at least once an hour.
A ball python! I’ve been doing extensive research on how to take care of one for the past two years but can’t adopt one due to the house I live in not allowing pets, and even though it’s tiny and lives in a tank my landlord is still a Karen and won’t allow it :|
Rush Limbaugh
I have a big zit on my inner thigh.
It is the social aspect for me but totally part of it is how much stupidity I am seeing.   I have mentally clocked out of reality because, fuck, why does this shit have to be this dumb and crazy. Like, ok, we want to get back to normal... cool, get your damned vaccine and care about the folks around you. This shit ain't hard and it is the shit the older generation tried to make us do... and now they are all just "fuck the world"...  Cool, you are leaving soon but we still have to live in it for a while.
Dude was a piece of shit
This really *is* depressing. Educated people who reject data and reason just make me sad.
while meditating!
Panic disorder is classified as an anxiety disorder. The fact of the matter is at least short term, benzos are recognized as effective for such disorders. It's long term that starts really causing trouble.
First link on google says peppers are nightshade vegetables, which are bad for dogs, idk if they're still dangerous in dried flake form.
Taking people out with a bow and arrow
There was a report that came out from the WHO (I believe it was them) early in the pandemic saying lockdowns would lead to 250 million starvations in the third world.
Dude, in a thread about women feeling overly sexualised, you have not said a single fucking word about how women feel. You're not "trying to have a real conversation", you're trying to have someone baby you and tell you that you're not one of the bad ones. You don't give a shit about how your actions impact others, only how they make you look. Just read what you wrote. Me me me me I I I I. To you this is some thought experiment, to us it's just the usual bullshit.    I'll condemn men all goddamn day for having no empathy for women, and guess what. You are one of those men. So obsessed with yourself that you refuse to even fucking try to understand. Not everything is about YOU
I am probably a forger so not only am I more useful than most..I dont actually have to go on the heist itself
I guess creating the distraction with an Ebola outbreak?
school uniforms :(
its a fucking genocide idiot get off porn and do something productive in your life
The word ‘daddy’ should have innocent connotations associated with children
I always seen it as someone who just lets anybody fuck them I guess no standards, again if that’s what they want to do I don’t care but that’s what a lot of people mean when they say slut just like we have fuck boys but it’s just a lot less common cause most of us have to work hard just to get a girls attention.  The only time I would use slut as a insult is if it’s someone’s girlfriend who sleeps around then that’s the shameful type of slut
Already got two!
The Private Psychedelic Reel by The Chemical Brothers
Not being able to go to the hospital when it’s at full capacity. I have a serious chronic condition and, when it was first diagnosed, there was enough room for me to fit in for my MRIs and lumbar puncture. If I’d have gone in now, I’d be turned away, even though I could have gone blind.   There was one report about a woman in my area who had a heart attack, but due to so many COVID cases taking up room, the hospital staff had no choice but to turn her away, and she died.
Oh wow, this must be new. As of a few years ago it wasn't out and all the ones online were fake.
Lol everyone on r/HermanCainAward/
Invest in meme stocks
He’s a Republican so it’s cool.
I cant think of any, but I don't think it's the use of those big words that make you sound dumb, it's that you're trying too hard sound smart and failing
Someone made it haha:  * https://lucylean.com/on-a-stick-by-matt-amendariz-inspires-chocolate-pudding-on-a-stick/
I had lasagna for lunch.
Polydactyl doggo?
Russia.   Putin is waging a war and he didn't have to use one bullet. America is tearing itself apart while Putin sits back and laughs. Divide and conquer.
Those fucking white supremacy pricks
Well I think his wife was more so his hostage.
India deserves to be the world's call center
Ethel. Scrolled for a while and didn't see this one.
Trying to kill myself 6 times, with 5 different methods.
Pokemon
“Below lies, a skeleton with no penis. do what you want with this information”
Depends on the type of case as well. Mine is medical malpractice so it's still another year+ or so from that first deposition essentially.
Ay aya yay ay aya ay ay It’s a party in the USA
There’s something hypnotizing bout her beauty.So unrealistic.love her!
I'm not one who believes COVID-19 is a hoax.  What worries me is that it will set the precedent for one that is a hoax.
I know we’re seeing the light at the end of the tunnel BUT if anyone feels lonely, feel free to shoot me a message.
I understand that they made the choice to start doing stupid shit. Unless you were tied down and forced into the addiction you made the choice to do it yourself.
Wet Seal  Gadzooks  Delia*s  OG Rampage   Sharper Image  Charlotte Russe
Permanent lung damage. Sure, most people survive. They don't all do it unscathed though.
Overwatch
I forgor 💀
#WHAT
Arrogance
Not sure
Enjoy being blocked sweaty 💅🏿
Wrong Elizabeth
Everytime something cool or funny happens, I'll be there to "Badum tusssssss"
Sorry but venus of willendorf is a standard of beauty no human can complete with. She is perfection (according to every art history teacher)
Any ad ever honestly. Gaming computer/accessories? Slap some tight shirt and low cut bottoms. Brand new car? Get 2 model to lay on it. Deodorant? Make the girl smell the nectar of lust in it's purest form. Legit they will slap over sexualized male/female in anything that is needed to sell and it's just so numbing now.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
We already do that.  It’s called sports.
I didn't say that the league would require *looser* clothing, though. That was what the coach in the OP comment required.   I'm not trying to diminish any valid athletic reasons for some clothing. But yes, it's just high school. Schools and students generally aren't trying to optimize away the fractions of a second the way professional athletes are. I don't think the looser pair of shorts suggested were so baggy that they would inhibit movement. But even if they were exceptionally baggy, it didn't seem to affect the NBA players in the 90s in any noticable way. Some of those guys gave an incredible performance even though some of them looked like kids trying on their parent's clothing.  To underline the ever-evolving clothing in sports, it's fairly well known that not all sports and all leagues make clothing requirements because they "work best" for that sport. For example, [The Norwegian Olympic volleyball team protested the clothing requirements earlier this year specifically because they didn't feel comfortable according to their personal or athletic standards *and we're fined for it!*](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/sports/norwegian-women-s-beach-handball-team-fined-not-playing-bikinis-n1274453)  While I agree that people shouldn't objectify the students OP mentioned, the coach would be complicit in their behavior, if not enabling it, if they were to do nothing when they felt there was a valid concern.  The creeps *should* have to change their behavior. *YES!* But they aren't always readily identifiable and in the absence of being able to do anything to treat the root cause, it's valid to treat one of the symptoms.  I wasn't meaning to suggest that the OP community was collectively clutching their pearls over the uniform requirements, but that, generally, different communities, even in the same conference, may have different general comfort levels with clothing...and I think that's okay.
Timbs
Greatest wealth transfer of our time.
The average number of arms/legs a human has is less than 2.
Man it's been tough. At first boozing was a way to get away from the insanity that was March 2020, but I'm finding myself having a difficult time letting go even though I can now do a lot of what I was able to pre-covid. I think a lot of people will pick up the habit during covid and never quite kick it after covid
If you tell me that the guys surrounded you and harrassed you or someone showed you a knife, there was a genuine threat and I feel great sympathy for you.  If I were physically present, I would feel an obligation to put myself in danger to support you.    The sexual part is irrelevant.  We ALL get harassed, bullied and insulted -  especially as children.  As adults, we get judged and gossiped about.  Your brain is 100% your own space. If you choose to replay thoughtlessness for hours, I have no sympathy for the mental stress you create.    I guarantee you that the guys at the job site did not remember a thing that they said twenty minutes later.  It was thoughtless,  pointless, witless humor that took a tiny fraction of the mental effort to say than you're spending replaying it in your head.      In my other comment I point out how little these guys have going on in their lives - they work construction and don't have expectations for climbing any social or financial ladders. Society expects little from them but a strong back.  So let them have their fart jokes and jokes about getting horny and get on with your life.
Children.
I feel for the old folks that were unwell before the vaccine or couldn't get the vaccine due to health concerns, but I have no sympathy for those who willingly want to put their family in danger.
Who knows.  It's a mystery
You meet adult men who don't brush their teeth?  Are you living in 19th century frontier country?
It has a 0.2% death rate
my dad got checked in this week and I tried calling him.    my mom answered and in the conversation we had she told me:  It's just the flu  600000 people didn't die  More people have died from 'The Shot'
Had one day to clear out my Aunt's apartment when she got evicted and was in Mental Care. I felt so bad for what I couldn't save, but there was a lot that I just couldn't move or box up in time. If I had more PTO and a more warning, I could have saved so many things.
what jobs are WFH and which are in-office mandatory? thankfully my company is 100% staff WFH
Went on a first date and mentioned that my parents are lesbians. He proceeded to tell me that it’s a choice and that he had turned more than one lesbian straight in the past. There was not a second date.
Marvel’s Wolverine!
People having strokes and heart attacks stopped going to accident and emergency
People seem to equate safety of others as authoritarian abuse for some fucking stupid reason. Probably due to selfishness and the whole idea of individualism that has been shoved down our throats since Reagan and the deregulation of everything. Of course personal choice! Freedumb.
Not brushing one's teeth and neglecting basic hygiene is a very common trait for those suffering serious depression.
Yeah I'm a little jealous honestly xD
My muscles. I'd keep them the size they are so I remain average looking but I'd make them super dense so I could be bullet proof and super strong.
Hair & back, then work my way down
i never had brunch?
Yes
Pretty much all of them. I live to laugh and am usually stoned so I’m easy.
What do you mean by fun? As in while I'm taking everything literally? Or while I'm living out my daily life, or everything but when I'm taking things literally? You gotta be more specific
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Poop standing up
My Back to Toxic Death. There are my First Nuggets I Have Tasted Place. If around the loftier hansom. There are both. A finitely note of how  we can respectfully a Spanish Description. We died none with the mononucleosis. The Site. Should Low?
Hair.
I talk with dozens of people evey day (clients) and every one of them is somehow mentally just kind of listlessly grinding it out.   No spark, just a sort of group 'blah', at best, and even immediate family they're all just sort of grinding it out.  Mental health issues.  I don't think it's a mistake that we're seeing strange behaviour that is obviously a lot of brainwashed folks but also just - everyone almost - is quite mentally 'taxed' these days.
No government body may exempt themselves or any other government entity from any law they pass.   This would force all legislatures and elected officials to suffer under Obamacare, and force all government employees to survive on the same social security benefits instead of the taxpayers being forced to support cadillac health and retirement plans for government workers that are not available to the people who pay for them.
Amen
Last exit before toll.
OMG!  OMG! That is SO disgusting!  Why is she torturing you like that?
Sloppy-Joe
>  But because to show how bad it is, they actually had to also show the sexualization itself  You disagree.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I've had 3 pitbulls and they have been the most loyal, loving and gentle dogs I've ever had, and I've had quite a few in my life.  The irresponsible and/or  cruel owners are the ones that need to pay for the attacks they caused with jail time, yet the dogs get put down and the owners walk away and do it all over again.  So sad and tragic.
The darkest shit... a vaccine that dont really work, giving bad side effects and even causing death sometimes, and no studies on long term effects but the government and media CONSTANTLY urging you to get it, with little to no mention at all of alternative medicines, weight loss, fitness, and eating better.
Gabby’s friend Rose said it happened when they were supposed to go line dancing for ladies’ night. It caused a big fight, and Gabby cried about it.
52 bags of dirt I guess. Lame..
Wait can I get that one too
Real question, what about vaping? I used to smoke and I switched to vaping because of the smell and taste, i know it’s covering one addiction with another but it helps for me.
Turned Australia in to communist China.
myself
I was born with only my left!
Dick of course
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/psocj5/if_you_knew_tomorrow_was_the_last_day_of_your/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
TIL Summer of 69 ist not about the Year 1969... Thanks Alice Cooper!
I’m so sorry that this is happening. It feels selfish to have wanted the person they were to still be here with us.
Shushing you.
r/SalsaSnobs
Democide.  I started suspecting a few years ago that  that's the form eugenics would take.  Wage stagnation.  Increased housing costs.  Oxycotin being unleashed globally.  Infrastructure rot.  The precarious gig economy.  The datafication of daily life meaning we work for free, and no one's begun to put in place a serious alternative use for us once enough data has been siphoned from the privatization of our inner lives to replace our jobs (many interviews with former FB and Google staff forecasting it will be 95% of jobs although they told public only 85%). Death by neglect could go on almost invisibly with how distracted, overworked, over-medicated the population is.  The pandemic just made its possibility seem more obvious.  But...we did matter.  When we had to stay home, it brought the world economy crashing down relatively quickly.  Skies were clearer.  The air was fresher.  We aren't just disposable.  The Trump admin projected as loss of 200-300,000 was acceptable in starting the economy back up.
People's reliance on social media has grown and its pretty shitty.
Make a 120 degree angle
This IS a fun fact.
Grappling
If she needs convincing, tell her it won a Nobel Prize
this is so accurate
Yup, I’ve had to make sure I put in the necessary effort to leave the house, if only for a few minutes.
Hung by my feet in a barn.
Oh yeah, I’m almost 30 but l look 23 and my dad looks younger but we go on “dinner dates” when I’m busting home because I don’t get to talk to him as much as my mom and we get weird looks. I hate it, I’m not a sugar baby, he’s my father and I enjoy spending time with him and that should be NORMAL!
This is fictional, but I remember one scene in "Dexter" where his victims were found in the sea and identified by DNA. All the relatives were extremely happy they were dead.
My hair, long wet hair makes you cold.
Made & ate a tasty breakfast!!!
At first I read this as “truck drivers” and I was about to be like hey now, don’t you like having access to things like food and toilet paper?
SS meme boat
Depeche Mode
Marraige? Yeah, I've been married twice before and will be getting married again once covid clears up enough for people to come from abroad.
Simple. Sit
I wasn't happy at all. Like I said not something I wish on anyone. It's really sad what happened. I feel bad for his family and the lives of everyone involved as they had to deal with that trauma BUT did I cry over his death, no.      The shooting was the classic "Haha look at my dad's gun" point and pull the trigger thinking it's not loaded while hopped up on coke and who else knows what. They panicked due to being high AF and dumped his body on the front door of the hospital which by then it was too late.  (or at least that's the version I was told).
Choosing which bills to pay while working a full time job.
With their ass
I would have to say non teacher reporting of child abuse.  I believe teachers are essential I believe they should be paid well and I also believe they failed us last year.  Now, this doesn’t mean that every teacher agreed on closing schools however the teachers Union seemed to be making zero decisions in the best interest of our children.
It’s like we’re driving cars all the time now. How we act on the road is now all the time. Not paying attention. Not paying attention. Rage. Not paying attention. Rage.
People act like humans are marionettes and God is pulling the strings and that's not the case.  God gave us free will, we decide whether to do good or bad. People who believe in him and follow his word use it as a guide, everyone else makes their own moral choices based on their beliefe system.  There is evil in the world because people choose to bring that evil into the world.
Jiggler Kebabs are awesome!  * https://www.myfoodandfamily.com/recipe/179797/jell-o-jigglers-skewers
Real life princess
I never get invited to parties 😎
Remember that everyone else in just an NPC.
Childhood asthma probably
Tennessee Whiskey - Chris Stapleton
I'm very thankful that my mom had already moved in with me so I can help her with her medical issues. While I'm the kind of person who could happily go months without seeing another person, she isn't that way. So she could have ended up still several states away and alone. She might not have made it, so I'm really glad she was here instead.
Going to get/do something for my parents
Face, hair then work my way down
breadtapedtotrees  Stay away
There’s always entities trying to pull America apart. Corporations, deep state oligarchs, racists, anarchists, globalists, allies, frenemies.   To think otherwise is naive.
well now i'm even more confused because i just got 2 completely different definitions of it
The extreme hatred between people and their beliefs.   Social media was not set up to deal with this and it has no tools to help calm the situation.  There are subreddits of people wishing death on other people based on their beliefs, and actively sharing that information so they can laugh and go 'Yeah, serves you right!'.  Where did we go wrong ?
Girls in gaming. I’m literally just trying to enjoy playing games.  Also surfing. I’m literally out there to surf and thats it, not look for a date
Schoolgirl
Sorry i fell asleep
AEnima by Tool
You just sit on it
Jeffery Epstein
Because those also contribute to the climate crisis, exploit animals, etc. Google where eggs or milk come from if you want to learn more.
I'm guessing effort
Blood and poop
r/AskReddit
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
WHY.. DID YOU FINISH THAT SENTENCE? God i gotta call my pen-pal
Exactly.
Eating a banana.
*personal data archived, preparing to sell to fucking anybody who wants it*
Eddie Money.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **Threads that limit the number of words are not allowed**, because they tend to limit discussion by requiring few words.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. You will need to rephrase and resubmit your question.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Being alive  -,-
The witch thing bewilders me.  I don't know what happened during covid lockdown but suddenly all these girls I've encountered lately are going around claiming to be witches.
Can I get some extra credit?
No    I went to 6th form (16 to 18 education) and after that I discontinued education. I've never worked, so it would have been pointless for me. I took a gap year just to exist and do what I wanted, and after that I've been a stay at home mother.
Um, no. That’s not the weird part. Why are you making it weird?
It is less about the privacy or confidentiality (although that is an element) and more about the reliability or trustworthiness of the process.  If you are truly interested I would be happy to go into more detail, but a short way of putting it is you know what people are/aren't doing when they are in the jury deliberation room.  You don't have that assurance when people are on Zoom.  For example, jurors can't use outside resources to learn about the law or investigate the case.
I agree, I vape former smoker, my work doesn’t monitor breaks at all just as long as your shit is done so this isn’t something I’ve seen in person, but in companies where smokers do get extra breaks, what is stopping the non smokers from just taking one? Or if anything, buy a nicotine free vape and pretend to hit it?
I like the semi-free system some service stations have. Throw a quarter in to turn the pump on and it goes to charity. If you're in a pinch and don't have change, just ask the guy at the cash register and he'll turn it on for ya free of charge. That is like the most friendly, easygoing system I've seen for air pumps.  To this day I still avoid the one gas station that wouldn't help me when I was almost flat.   Wouldn't turn the pump on. Wouldn't let me take cashback on my debit card. I had like 10 bucks in the bank so couldn't use the ATM but offered to buy something if they'd let me debit am extra few quarters for the machine. I was at just about the lowest point in my life that day and that place was not having it. I almost left my car in their lot just for spite.
This.
I’m sapeiosexual so she can look hot but stupidity is not
Probably every other day. Some days 2-3 times. So I guess if you averaged it out it'd be once a day.
Blunt truth.
But they're covid mandates so after the epidemic is over you can go back to dating women.
Jeffrey Dahlmer
Trapezious Milkington is my discord nickname.
When I was a kid I used to imagine a big where's waldo page. The only way I knew it worked is because it was the last memory I had before falling asleep.     Nowadays I take melatonin.
Children
Same, my man. Same.
Mine is:   You can catch a cold if you don't wear a coat in cold weather.   1) It takes coming into contact with a virus to catch a cold virus.   2) It is 100% false that being cold wears your immune system down. Your immune system only reacts to something that invades your body. Study after study has proved this.   3) Cold weather actually kills viruses. People get sick more in the winter time, because they are indoors more and in near contact with people who are infected.
All the other victims whose prayers don’t get answered.
See that's good. At least they were doing the best with what they had to accommodate the students and ensure they still have a education. Granted we need to rework our education system but that's another discussion
If that dude lived in my town, we would have turned his funeral to a god damn celebration. I would even have my dog shit on his grave.
probably smoking
Rush Limbaugh. Fucker had it coming to him when he started advocating for rape.
Beef stew.
Every time you go to the gym you put pressure on your joints which might backfire when you are like 50 in a very painful way
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/psoc5e/if_you_knew_today_was_the_last_day_of_your_life/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dip
Face, hair, chest, balls, miscellaneous.
I’m now onsite at my hospital again and definitely see this divide between those of us onsite doing visits, and those of us who’ve gotten to continue working remotely. Definitely see resentment building between my colleagues
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I’m lucky that I’m in an environment that I can do that, I’ll grab a coffee and stand out with the smokers and get my own stimulant fix. But many work environments aren’t open to that.
untitled unmastered
You need to work on yourself. That's what helped me a lot. Had a lot of insecurities which caused my lack of confidence in a lot of situations. Fix some of those and it will be highly noticeable.     Also I know some girls that actually like shy/ not so confident guys. It's not a deal breaker.
I’m very sorry for your loss.  I hope they don’t get sick, but they are 72 and have no protection.
Margot Robbie
It's not used all that much anymore, and it's an oil from a gland, rather than like, ground up beaver tush. It is, however, an anal gland. Pretty gross.
My mother’s uncle. He was abusive to his wife who my mother loved and still talks to. he paralyzed himself while riding a dirt bike and blamed it on his wife because she asked him to leave and he said no, so he was apparently “rushed” so he crashed. He told her everyday how he hates her and that she did that to him even though she was trying to take care of him. She left him eventually and that was her fault too of course. He just eventually died of old age alone and lonely and bitter because nobody wanted to take care of him or seen him.
Feet
To my boyfriend’s house, I know he’ll only last a few seconds anyways.
/r/HermanCainAward
The right to remain silent?
Prey
Good job
Being egoistic, my Brother ist egoistic and I hate it. He can't do well with anyone and hates a lot of things which I like.
Children, more specifically girls, with those little miss whore pageants
Sauce?
I had a bully who disappeared after a couple years of pretty relentless bullying, including threatening to kill me. I later heard from other kids she had run away. Since then I've Googled her name, looked on social media, and never found her. I assume she died at a young age.  I picked up that her home life wasn't great but man, why you got to put that shit on somebody else who never did you any wrong?
I like those kind of women
these are so stupid
Lesbie Avenue
A really big Alligator  *THE CLAMPS*
Teenagers and young adults have even more depression and social anxiety thanks to this lockdown bullshit
Those are two different people
Honestly good. I think if 1/4 of the population just dies (me included). This earth might actually be livable for my children.
Couldn’t have said it better myself!
i’m assuming they all turn on me
Populated area ahead
No, *my* wife is the most attractive! ;)
Someone was trying to kill me, they were chasing me with a knife or something, then all at once I realized it was a dream. I woke up... except I didn't, I was still in a dream but didn't realize it. I went outside and that same person came running at me and by god I ran again. Thing is, again I realized a dream "woke" up, except into the dream, and this time, more people were chasing me. And the cycle repeated I have no idea how many times, and the #s of people after me growing and just the locations changing. When I really woke up I was so shaken not knowing if I was actually awake or when they would come for me.
Absolutely
I... i can't tell if this is serious or not lol
Nice rant bruv
I like to shoot a policeman, steal his helmet, go to the toilet in it and then send it to the policeman's grieving widow...and then steal it again.
This is a very fun fact.
Why do you need to say that? Of course most people don’t shoot others.
My wife is a first grade teacher in a low income school district. Many of her kids during the year of remote teaching fell behind. Internet issues. No family at home during the school day. There is going to be an entire generation of school kids that will never catch up. These pivotal years of education can have a dramatic affect on the types of lives these kids will live.
Rhetoric, Oration, and Public Speaking.
It's super frustrating. The divisive atmosphere since the pandemic is driving me nuts. Words like "communist" and "fascist" are being thrown around super flippantly by people who disagree with each other and I'm not even sure most people who use those words s insults know what either of those things actually look like. It just causes further division and resentment. Social media has certainly exacerbated it, and I think it's led to a lot of distrust, accusatory behavior, and a lack of listening ears when someone actually has something important to say. This goes for all sides of the political spectrum. If you're a doctor in Texas that's being sued because the government didn't deem an abortion of a fetus that didn't develop kidneys or lungs medically necessary, there are people calling you a liar, trying to tear your reputation down, and even calling for you to be sent to prison or be executed. If you're someone who legitimately witnessed voter fraud (it happens every election) and you want something to be done to safeguard people's votes, people are screaming that you're a Trump-loving liar and a racist. Nobody listens to what other people have to say anymore. There's no middle ground, and everyone just assumes that if you're not one extreme then you must be the other and it is so destructive.
True but nothing was ever done to figure out how to return plastic to the natural cycle of biodegrating, and yes i get the petrol component but this was known ages in advanced. No one ever bothered to factor its return to nature and instead let it turn into 5 gyres of trash in every ocean. If plastic had to exist, it should have been relegated to health and manufacturing only. It wasnt. Now the planet is dying, or more specifically the planet is cleaninv us off of it, along with all the plastic.
The car I downloaded.
true, but it means they have to shoot the lions, which is a problem.
But like, Where is the proof that it's flat and where is the proof that it's not round, like how do flat earthers even believe it's flat
Well…pretty much everyone…
I think the leading theory is that they're called killer whales cause sailors would observe them killing much larger prey, though I don't know what's much larger than an orca than a bigger whale and a few other fish like the whale shark.  Also, though they don't kill humans, they do kill OTHER animals, and when they kill those animals[the level of intelligence on display is kinda scary.](https://youtu.be/2nRBMNwRqZQ)
Bitch
Imagine this but as a corndog:  * https://dudefoods.com/spaghettios-burger-bun/
Catch me if you can.  Its a fantastic film and I keep watching it over and over again  Edit: Sorry for the brief spam, shitty internet
AC/DC, Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin,
FF6
Little girls’ clothing
The fact that I spent an entire year locked in my room, playing videogames and watching series and got totally disconnected from studies and social interactions. (But I loved it soo much)
Colette
Work hours don’t end. My colleagues send stuff at fucking 10pm or 6am now. It’s fucking crazy. I’m also sleeping horribly, but it’s been so long I can’t tell if I slept poorly before too or if this is a new thing. Being tired might affect my memory.
Stupidity. I'm not, never been and will be attracted to morons, guys who can't carry a intelligent conversation if their life depended on it .
That's like 14 mcnuggets!
I agree with you, Armana. My house will go to my son. I don't know if he'll want to keep it or not, but it will be his choice. I can't even imagine trying to buy a house in today's market. It's insane and unfair.
So what's a classic then? Everything is shit to someone. Zepp and Skynnyrd and the gang are just derivative garbage sung by tortured cats, listening to Nirvana or Soundgarden is like chewing on tinfoil that was dipped in something rancid first, and every popular 80s synth-driven party please is the aural equivalent of a drive by shooting... to someone.  So define your standards for a classic: I figure tens of millions of albums sold and a couple decades of intervening time to see if people still feel strongly about the music is sufficient. What are your criteria?
James & The Giant Peach ***terrified*** me as a child. I'm pretty sure it's supposed to be a movie for children, but I could not watch it without getting nightmares.
What about this even gives you that impression?
Every single one of us has it coming, only the worst actually deserve it.
Since it's consider classic rock now. A good example of grunge bands would be Nirvana: MTV Unplugged in New York.
Like... all of r/HermanCainAward?
Rollercoaster road
The whole world was sad when Trump wasn't reelected ,,😭
Deathwish 3
It's like some people don't actually live by any consistent guiding principles and just fall in line with whatever their favorite authorities tell them...
So to be clear - you celebrate the deaths of millions of black americans who have chosen not to be vaccinated?
Just because everything someone said is technically true doesn’t mean they aren’t misrepresenting the truth through omission and cherry picking.
Comforting embraced…but also nukes
30
yes
Why? Most people drive to supermarkets, they sell booze there too.
I like dive watches. My current favorite is my Omega Planet Ocean. Would love to someday be able to afford a Submariner
A couple of additional details to share.  Not sure if I'm doing anything more than thinking out loud, but maybe this is good additional context.  1. I work in the tech/web development area of a company in the travel industry.  Over the last few years, during a merger/reorganization followed closely by a Covid-related furlough and layoff, a big chunk of my job type at the East Coast HQ were laid off.  My Midwestern team has taken over a lot of responsibilities that used to be handled by the higher paid HQ people, who are no longer with us.  2. Accordingly, we've already had one payscale upgrade for my group. But it was handled badly:  the "floor" and "ceiling" for my job type were increased significantly. So if you were at the bottom of the scale you got a nice raise to the new minimum. If you were at the top of the old scale you could start getting raises again, which was also a benefit.  For those of us in the middle, we got essentially nothing.  Barely a percent increase, which was not nearly as much as was indicated previously.  Morale took a hit, and I've heard rumblings that management want to recover from the loss of their reputation.  3.  I was scrolling LinkedIn over the weekend, and saw an article written by an executive career coach who openly disagreed with the concept of reducing salary for the same job type based on lower-CoL geography. The reason it came through my LinkedIn feed is because the post was "Liked" by my fifth-level boss, the one who made the overpromised announcement of the *last* payscale upgrade.  Maybe that constitutes ... "repentance", for lack of a better word.   So I'm hopeful. But I've been burned before. I guess you could call me "hopefully pessimistic".
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/psobts/do_you_think_attempted_murder_should_have_the/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Anybody online who says something against the social norm. It’s one thing if someone has ideas that make them a complete POS(racists for example) but a lot of people who try to explore lines of thinking that go against what is considered socially acceptable are shit on without any consideration toward their view point.
Why?
My feet, so I don't bust my skull open when I step out.
I was catching bullpen with a misaligned nut cup. Meatball pitch from a freshman bounces in the dirt and hits me right in the cup. *THAT CUP WAS RIGHT OVER ONE OF MY NUTS.* Was doubled over in the bathroom for over an hour. Threw up. If it had been an actual varsity pitcher doing it instead of a guy who threw 45 i might have lost a testicle. Worst pain of my fucking life.
And yet we don’t have a vaccine for it. /s
You have a fear of going on the wrong subway train.
Radioactivity, because even not seeing it, it is bad for your health.
im sorry but pickles-
I’m literally sitting here at 2AM mindlessly scrolling through Reddit and YouTube, even though I have some homework to do. I hate myself for this but I literally can’t stop. It’s god awful.
Her Instagram had about 1,000 followers before she went missing. Many of my real life friends have around that many followers on Instagram and it really doesn’t seem like their followings are engaged enough that they would notice and spread word of they didn’t post for a week. I used to have niche social media accounts with around 2,000 followers. One day I just stopped using them and I had maybe a few messages from mutuals asking where I went, but no one created waves.  I think she had a very average following in these modern times.
Chicken Soup Paleta for when you have the flu.  Shark Tank here I come!
I mean, that's pretty common knowledge.
It means nearly all, otherwise you can just say all.
Agh! I was here to say the same, you beat me to it!
I swear obesity rates must be way on the rise.  Not as a result of having Covid but more of a result of isolation, and likely depression/anxiety.  I know a few people who have gotten into better shape since the start of this...but I know plenty more who have gained their "Covid 19" (and thensome).
seems they became the fascists that they used to hate
Sorting socks is such a goddamn nightmare that I refuse to ever own more than one 'type' of sock, just so I don't have to do it ever again.   Tupperware gets the same treatment; I own 3 clearly distinct sizes, no lid matching needed.  I basically just don't fold my laundry, though, tbh. Just hang it up to dry and wear it off the drying rack.
Myself
Guys who constantly talk about how ugly they are and no women want them... I had a work friend who would do that and it was no wonder they weren't into him when he was always complaining about how ugly he is and doing some weird attempt at pity partying
People
Ewwwww, how can it get much worse than that! Kids can be so sweet, but sometimes they can be straight buttholes.
Kids
Nothing feasible for what I do with my life.
Good
Fair enough. I was just trying to use the most likely situation that I could think of.
> what kind of rich person is buying up used cars  Not driven by rich people, but used truck prices are fucking insane right now.
Eyes
Exactly
Last year I got a letter from my company designating me as a full time remote worker so my wife and I could buy a house a few hours outside of the city.  Now the company is pulling everybody back to the office, except for me, and I'm catching flak from some people I work with who had this idea they were also going to work from home forever.  Sorry, man, gotta get that shit in writing.
We don't play. Someone fucks up, we make sure it's remembered
Nepal. It’s gorgeous
Speaking over people can be cultural. A lot of Italian Americans and Jewish Americans grow up that way.
You have a fear of going on the wrong subway train.
Moving out
Sudden stops ahead.
My loss of faith in humanity
Ehh idk a lot of animes audience are attracted to women so it kinda makes sense
I suppose, I'd do pretty well with blocking passages by standing there and... Yeah, standing takes a lot of mental effort.
Right now.
I would ask if it is actually true.
That's the joke - expectations should be the same
Not down the drain. I bet, it will take waaaay less time to get back to where you were, then when you started. I bet with proper exposure you could do it in a year.      Your body won't forget. It just retread itself into an older pattern. But the tread of the new pattern is there and won't just disappear. I believe in you.
Easily karen
There's a lot of points in history that historians point at and say "that's where the snowball started rolling" so to speak.  Unfortunately I think covid is one of those moments. We don't see it yet but it's gradually growing larger and picking up speed.
My ex's older brother. Quintessential neckbeard. I fucking hate that guy.
They are closer to hell.
$1 toll
Blurred Lines
You are not a woman
Creating the H bomb
Watch awakenings and give yourself a fear
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My wife's blood pressure was fine before she caught covid. It is high now and she has to take meds for it.  From what we know about the vascular and heart issues it can cause, this is not likely only correlation.
Feet, I don’t get what’s so sexy about it.
I personally waited a little bit before getting it as it was necessary for school and at that point it seemed safer.
Video games
>He paid up and $100 of that went to the Georgia race fundraising.  Lol  So unlike his candidate he at leaszt kept his promise
I think Nancy Reagan and Eleanor Roosevelt should have a fight over which one of them was secretly the USA's first female president. (Or acting president?)
Gonna need a source on this
weapon
And Barbara Walters was born the same year as well iirc
Shel Silverstein's poems. Maybe scared isn't quite the right word, but they definitely unsettled me quite a bit, and I still can't explain why.
Show your work!
Gaming, anime, swimming, sewing, baking, napping, lying around, browsing the web, drinking beer, hiking.
those are the exact colours made between 50/50 mixes of red, green and blue
Why should we?
lol you must be amazing at parties. he was just providing his perspective
u were a bit harsh on that..but shortly on that u like women with finesse
Well, I guess, if I run into trouble I have to defeat 727 cops in a jousting battle, or maybe I'll bring 727 lances to help the heist...
I have little money and lots of student loans.
Caution: Children at Play
Women
So why don't you take every Friday afternoon off and get tested then? Seems like you are given the same opportunity that they are.
My home.
Far east tops the league  then the western countries,  then the Muslim world, then Africa.  Why?
Favourite: Computer science. I find computers very interesting and I am very good with them. Least favourite: English. 99% of the time you are writing an essay analysing a work of fiction, and I never seem to write fast enough. Also least favourite: Art. With one lesson a week, nothing gets done, and I feel like doing art on a computer (“photography”) is way better, due to higher customisation and the ability to easily correct mistakes.
And if you don't have a ha'penny then God bless you
They often see the poor animals as slaves
My cock
Butts?
I insult the guards.
That would be the time i hit your mom!  Night ill never forget, for all the wrong reasons...
there is nothing wrong with expecting your man to protect you if necessary.
Naomi Scott
A lot of the witnesses claimed to have jumped under a pool table when they heard gunshots, to the point where the police joked that the town must have the biggest pool table in the world.
Damn that’s crazy!
So no sauce?
That's also the way it's presented in Dante's Inferno. He's trapped in an ice prison in the deepest circle of hell with judas and someone else i think.
The budgets at local, state and federal government are so fucked. Those awful tax cuts that were rammed through will be an eventual death sentence. Rather than fixing it Republicans will pivot that it is the fault of the social safety net. Baby boomers will continue to push off problems because that generation is incapable of any real policy reform.
man deleted his acc after this
The one with the deer on it…..   I fucked a deer
This is a very traumatic event collectively but mental health is on the back burner. Lockdown kills too.
Lol I read pulling (out) a fire arm.
No, nothing biological, buddy. There are many cultures where breasts are not sexualized. But our standards are fucked, bc when a woman thinks that a man is pretty, she can control herself, but when a man thinks that a woman is pretty, he 'can't control himself bc biology blah blah blah'
Robots...with AI
Maybe exporting manufacturing was a bad idea
“All women commit cellular respiration”
Thank you x
I hate it when people defend individuals like this. Yeah, he might have changed given enough time and it might have been his patents fault he was the way he was, but he was old enough to know what he was doing was wrong. Acting like he had no responsibility for his actions is bullshit
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't know, I've heard she's just skin and bones.
Correct, but they shouldn't be, that's akin to an antivaccination bonus and should be recorded on his taxes.
You're too much fun

:)
You got 3 million, after taxes, so I can retire?
The fact that he doesn't have a vagina
Wow, chill out man I just asked you to elaborate on why you think Shawshank Redemption is a 10/10 movie. I would give it like a 7.5 at best.
Nurses!
For instance: I think Trent Reznor and Keanu Reeves would be fast friends.
To be fair, if I see Harvard, my first association is 'he comes from money', not 'he is smart'.
For me I liked how I was but hated how my wallet was.
I hate to say it, but kids.
Arrogant stupidity.
Boring.
This is so damn harddd
most countries halloween costumes are scary, horror, monsters, etc.
Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 2
Superior sweat protection for when you need it most.
Limiting guests/visitors in medical settings last year added insult to someone going through their worst days. I had two miscarriages last year
pfft. *sort?*
Education reform.
Children in anime
Just know I DONT CARE but thanks for the love
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundations_of_Geopolitics  All part of the tactic. "The book emphasizes that Russia must spread anti-Americanism everywhere: "the main 'scapegoat' will be precisely the U.S."  In the United States:    Russia should use its special services within the borders of the United States to fuel instability and separatism, for instance, provoke "Afro-American racists". Russia should "introduce geopolitical disorder into internal American activity, encouraging all kinds of separatism and ethnic, social and racial conflicts, actively supporting all dissident movements – extremist, racist, and sectarian groups, thus destabilizing internal political processes in the U.S. It would also make sense simultaneously to support isolationist tendencies in American politics".[9]"
I have no idea actually.  If I had to guess, I’d say that most people don’t actually fail out: I’d consider that to be actually being kicked out by the university itself for poor grades.  Dropping out you do yourself, whether it’s because you no longer think it’s worth it because your grades are shot, or for financial reasons, or whatever.
> A local laundromat even started cashing in on the craze briefly by picking up dirty laundry at customers homes and delivering it clean.   60 years ago, this was a regular thing.
So a convention
I hear some places have increased insurance premiums for the unvaxxed. That turns it around pretty quickly.
Expensive ingredients such as caviar, truffle, foie gras etc…
They're definitely timeless there's no doubt about that
There's a really good documentary called "No One Saw A Thing" about this. I think it's streaming on either Amazon or Netflix
Just like slasher films, they know on a level it’s not real and that’s why they can enjoy it. The notion of “taboo” is exciting for people, but mostly because it expressly isn’t real. I’d bet almost none of them are actually interested in their own family members.
Terminator came out.
Your personal vendetta against Danny devito troubles me 😥😥
Music awards shows
I understand why you feel that way, but the problem with looking at individual cases is that is opens up doctors to be sued.   If your doctor didn't induce you on that second time and you died in labor because of it, your family could sue the hospital for malpractice.   Liability is the driving force not convenience.
> Basically, the response to covid has been far darker, bleaker and more dangerous than the virus itself.  The virus has killed a few million people and left millions more with likely permanent disabilities. Healthcare systems have come close to or have collapse due to the immense demand COVID patients have put on hospital resources. Don't minimize the virus.
In his narrow, factless worldview that he gets force fed to him by Fox News, OANN, Newsmaxx, etc.
In the culluseum where people fought to death, they would play out commercials before and inbetween fights
Either Dark Side of the Moon or Zed Zepplin 3, by far.
Your avatar looks like their avatar
Name checks out, man of culture right here.
Traffic merging ahead
Well thats just them being idiots lets be honest
Can't get enough.
Clueless. It’s witty and a great “Emma” adaptation.
LOL I'm probably on many lists as I've also googled Hamas songs and even commented how cool a beat is to one of their songs hahahaha.
Would you try ?
AI
People.
Knowing the person I'm filing against. They're smug bastards and will do it again.
Health of people in general lots of people have put on lots of weight. I believe young adults in America were the largest effected group but it's not really talked about for some reason. Everyone says stay in and don't get others sick but don't worry about your actual health or mental health.
It’s kind of fuzzy in my mind but I think I remember when I was about 5 (1995) I had a two piece. But it wasn’t a “sexy” two piece. It was neon pink and green and the bottoms were full briefs and the top was like a short, flat tankini top? Almost like a bandeau with wide straps. Covered plenty but there was no mistaking it as “sexy”. I loved it because it kept me cool but I was also reaching an age where I was becoming aware of the differences between girls and boys and knowing I should cover up my “privates”. Didn’t seem weird to me then or now, but would you think something like that was weird? Just wondering if that cozzy was I guess. Sometimes it’s hard to tell when it involved yourself.  Thankfully haven’t seen any bikinis on kids or at least not noticed any, but it would be mega weird to put a kid in a string bikini. Like, they don’t have breasts, stop implying they do.
My son was 2 years old when this all started.  He turns 4 next month and really has no friends because no parents wanted to take there kids out during the pandemic.
I'm single since October 2019. I'm never about jumping straight into another relationship, especially after the last one was a deep love. It ended because of visa issues in post-Brexit Britain (fuck the Tories).  I decided to try to give myself until Spring/Summer 2020 to start dating. March was going to be my month.  Sucks but I'm not feeling sorry for myself. We'll get there.
Trevenant?
Definitely not trying to understate how difficult this is for people stuck on either end of this spectrum. But again, the risk in your case would be that the defense can be convicted, then can argue something went wrong with the zoom jury, and there’s a chance their conviction would get thrown out (so, retrial).    I agree there are completely manageable logistical solutions, but the right to a trial by jury is a really intensely protected one and the cost of something going wrong (or even appearing to go wrong) can be really, really severe. Healthcare is undoubtedly a deeply personal and private thing, but there’s just not the same risk on the “ramifications if something goes wrong” side of things.
That weapon Joker wanted. The giant gun that shoots thresher maws.
Thank you for the support! It took me years, but now I'm on my way to get help : D
The Revenant
Came here to say this. This happens fairly often, but most recently I went in to Lowes with my daughter to get some things, and this old man that worked at the store felt the need to stop us to tell me that my daughter is "really beautiful". She's *six* by the way. I was like ?????? Didn't realize a six year old can have varying degrees of beauty but ok.
One and only by sheff G
Most of them, but they're just privacy locks that you can open from the outside with a coin.
Them fornite girls, zooming in on there asses and cleavage I always see at least one on my Xbox community feed its kind of sad
I found an old cabinet on the side of the road. Solid, but a bit worn I took it home, sanded it, refinished it, cut a hole in the top and made an outdoor sink out of it.
this fetus has human adn and he is in a previous stage of a baby.   So different from a house made of wood
Being chased and humiliated at the same time and also having to exist and the same time
Teenagers
I highly recommend buying them and yourself a Portal TV or portal plus
Hooyah
Adolescent mental health crisis.  Explosion in anxiety disorders etc.  It's the second pandemic.
NFL games.  If there was one place to pay a reasonable fee for a high quality streaming service I would gladly pay it, like I do for Formula 1. Instead, if you don't have a cable subscription, you'd have to subscribe to half a dozen streaming services and would still have to deal with shit tier quality. e.g. I have Peacock, but their Sunday night football stream quality is so terrible it was unwatchable and I switched to a pirated stream instead.
It's online. Mind Field is a vsauce series on youtube.
The Now Now by Gorillaz
Trauma Center
Wondering how I found a pair of random x-ray goggles floating around
You just said what I said. You missed the part where I actually stated "Steve Irwin, wasn't researching, he was trying to get good footage of the stingray for his documentary when the attack". That's your opinion, but if you a firm believer in "stupidity= deserved death" then you wouldn't be making excuses and exceptions, which by the way, is what this specific reddit ask is all about.
Bro. NIGHTMARES. And I played luigis mansion a lot as a kid, so imagine the shit my mind would put me thru
[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDclQowcE9I) by *Folding Ideas* does a really good job explaining why the movie was so horrible. He goes over the part about the trailer-house cutting the movie together.
My coworkers GF once said something to the point of the Holocaust being a good thing bc population control. Few months later she said the same thing about COVID ravaging India, backing it up saying something along the lines of “they had it coming” or “they deserve it” pointing towards their culture.
Same. No pain, just the aura.  Started in high school for me, usually after gym class. I would be changing in the locker room and I would "see" the aura manifest on my peripheral vision. It would take like two-to-three classes for it to migrate from "one side of my eye" to the other side and then disappear "over the horizon."  Whenever I get them, I just have to take a nap for a few hours until I'm fine.  People thought I was crazy when I described what was happening to me, especially teachers. It was until I learned about migraines and that some have visual auras and some of those don't even have the pain typically associated with them. Just this swirly, trippy, white-noise aura.
Excessive engine breaking is prohibited.
Ok to you too, captain obvious
Sprite gives you an extra life
Your mama
What instantly makes a man unattractive? Getting mutilated by a bus I reckon.
A lot of noodles, i guess
I swear my Stepfathers biggest complaint is lack of access to top shelf GPUs to upgrade his PC and that minor quibble being his main issue is pissing me off.
Saki K
Oh ok
Not random really, I met him once before.  Also you’ve never met anyone at a bar and hit it off? I was 22 single and pretty. Not all of us are waiting til marriage to get some lol
A damn fine mustache
My GF's Dad was like this. Sure enough he got the Delta variant last month and passed.  Now it's an awkward cocktail of sadness, anger, disappointment, and resentment in one giant stress ball.
I grew up in a small town that is well known for having a racist past. When I was around ~11, I can remember having racist, homophobic, and all around judgmental thoughts. It was all I knew. Not that my parents taught that, but they didn’t teach acceptance either. As I got older, I was more exposed to the things that the culture deemed wrong. At 14, I’d completely flip flopped my ideology. While I let the people around me influence and shape my opinions when I was young, I’m proud to have built critical thinking skills and developed empathy in spite of it.
I think because of people having weird reactions to parents being affectionate with their adult children
Very little, maybe half a banana, if that.
Thigh high socks, epescially when it’s for the “school girl look” makes me feel sick when I see men asking girls to wear school uniforms for them
It may have a small chance of killing you but it has a scarily high chance of leading to long lasting damage. Plus, a small death rate has still lead to a death count in the US of more than the US military death count of several wars put together.
Maybe we do talk about this some, but the absolute isolation in medical situations, and I mean far beyond just Covid cases. I have had two babies since the pandemic began, and my husband couldn’t attend my appointments. He would have missed their births as well if he had contracted Covid. Then, my child recently had a non-covid related medical emergency that required her to be put on a ventilator, and I had to make that decision alone in the ER because they only allowed one parent. Nothing like having to facetime your husband so he can get a last look at his daughter before she’s put into a coma.   They tell parents that it takes a village, but a looooooot of the time now, it feels like my village has been ripped out from under me. The isolation is depressing and scary and overwhelming.
It's been a dream for me
Myself
Nose hair
Are there other web pages than reddit?   I dont remember anymore...
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Passing The Time - Cream
I’ll bring the music! Some r/rammstein is perfect for a heist 🤘🔥
Bad teeth, yellow teeth
Eating a toasted sandwich based on heavys sandvich from tf2
Academy awards are a joke.
Pros: more equality, everyone has a job and contributes (without judgement on their type of job), education is more attainable for everyone.  Cons: without a quality leader it tends to devolve into a dictatorship. You also have less individual rights.
And this is why men who are victims of sexual assault never get justice. This is why men are much more predisposed to suicide and sexual violence. This is why men are tortured, drafted to military, pay alimony, and are overall pieces of shit. Men like you who create the myth that they're superior persons and refuse to acknowledge the systemic flaws of our society.  I hope to never meet you and I hope no woman or man ever get to smell, see, or hear your vitriol. Men are better than this.
Nipples. Sometimes I just don’t want to wear a bra for 12 hours straight
I struggled with insomnia for like twenty years.  I used an inclined pillow with an arm hole in it (Medcline wedge with u-shaped body pillot, not cheap, but 110% worth it!) plus a heavy blanket (aka a gravity blanket or a weighted blanket, mine is on the heavier side & weighs in at 20 or 25 pounds).  I could never get comfortable on regular pillows.  I fall asleep crazy fast now!
You would be considered a heavy user, yea.
pizza for lunch.
rolls grill into the bank
See what happens when you raw dog it? /s
One of the least discussed long-term symptoms is actual brain damage.  Whether from the low oxygen levels, the micro strokes from clotting, or something else, it seems to be causing permanent memory problems and significant IQ loss.
mbti
Or the Dorothy Parker corollary, "You can lead a whore to culture, but you can't make her think."
Lucky fella
Absolutely nothing and enjoy the shit out of it.
Apparently my great grandfather was colossally mean to my mother and her siblings. The kids were ushered into his room when he was dying in his bed and each one of them were told to say their goodbyes. He pinched them all instead of saying goodbye to them.   My uncle says he was so crooked, they screwed him into the ground when he died.
Nah, keep making good decisions. Upvoted your comment!
I don't like the taste of toothpaste. But ya gotta brush your teeth. It's non negotiable
A day off
I would say my girl. But other then that, I believe women who know their place and shut up are also some of the more attractive demographics.
There is a way to enforce it, and then there's what Lars did - insult all his fans and compare himself to a prostitute being handed around.   >I believe intellectual property is real property.  I didn't say anything to the contrary, you dumb motherfucker.
Yeah, but it get tiresome when people form the USA tell you that you are not americans
Steve Irwin (rip dude)
That little move is an acrobatic in my book. Might look simple, but you gotta time that click on the highest part of your jump. Nice job on that skill.
I invited one of my clients to my sons birthday party because she also has a 3 year old? But I don’t know anyone else with a kid his age! His friends are all way older or like, 8 months old!
I know a guy but he's currently on a 3 week expenses paid trip in the Bahamas.
Alot of quiet kids don't shoot people
What is she into?
If someone is afraid of Covid then they need to stay home. Either vaxxed or unvaxxed. When I got my vaccine my doctor told me that even the vaccinated people can spread it. I’m not afraid of it. I keep my distance from people, practice good hygiene, etc. Maybe it’s because I’ve had four forms of cancer in the last four years that this just doesn’t scare me. I took the vaccine so that if I did get sick it wouldn’t affect me as badly.  Problem is even if 100% of us are vaccinated, it still is not gonna be eradicated. I think it’s here to stay, like the flu.  I do Not believe that people should be forced to take a vaccine nor should they be ostracized, yelled at, and called names over choosing not to put this in their body.  I am sure you feel differently and that’s fine. I hold no hatred or animosity towards anyone. Life is too short to waste on those types of feelings it’s a waste of energy.
Not exactly super dark but there is a coworker who is taking advantage of the presence of covid and takes three day weekends ever since the state here has reopened in June (or July, can't remember). He doesn't show up every Monday. Guy literally makes up an excuse every week saying that his mom/dad/aunt/uncle/cousin/nephew is in the hospital. We all know it's bullshit. When this guy does show up to work he spends almost all day on the phone blowing off work and making his other colleague do everything. Who knows if he's actually on a phone call....but the boss knows this and is trying to fire him but can't (something about unemployment benefits) so he's trying to give him a hard time and cut his hours so he gets the message that he's no longer welcome here. This coworker used to complain to me about how the boss is trying to fire him for a dumb reason (stealing money) but I've known the boss longer than he has. Our boss isn't dumb. I'm sure there was something that he saw on camera or in the bookkeeping records that didn't sit right with him. I've believed his lies for a while until recently when I realized that this guy was manipulating others by playing the victim to get people to sympathize with him and let him get away with practically anything. As far as I know he is using all of his PTO and scrambling to get the very last drop of his unemployment benefits. He's the kind of person who barely comes to work then complains about not having money.   He told me that he is trying to sue the boss for discrimination and has filed multiple complaints but none of them go through. Sometimes when payday is a day late he keeps going on and on about calling the "union" and have the boss get in trouble (I think this is just BS cause he never does it, and employees are not allowed to part of a union here).   I get that covid has been an utter bitch to a lot of people out there but I think to use the pandemic to your advantage and intentionally avoid doing work and being productive, that is NOT OK. I wonder how many other people are out there doing this.
Wear a pretty outfit and dress up in something casual, it always makes me feel confident. When someone walks by, give a big welcoming smile and great them.
it is true though.
Fuck. I've been absolutely depressed and miserable for a few months now. Doing the bare minimum of living, eating like total garbage, with no motivation to do anything.  And now I feel super bad for my little microbes because I've been neglecting their home! They're probably miserable too because of me.   That might just be what I needed to try and kickstart a push through this mental rut I'm in.
Three Men and a Baby
Not enough Darwin awards I take it?
I've only ever had 1 partner, my husband
Caution: U-Turn Lane
I didn’t say I held it against them, I said I didn’t understand it—it’s not my way of thinking or feeling.  If that’s how they feel about it, then that’s perfectly valid if it helps them deal with having been bullied. They’re here and the bully is not.  I’m just saying that I don’t think my bullys’ deaths would undo the damage they’ve done to me—which I still struggle with on a daily basis—so I’m just trying to understand the mentality…maybe more a vengeful mindset could be therapeutic for me—nothing else has ever helped—but then again, most of my bullies are living a lot better than me so I wouldn’t even have a point of reference from which to feel avenged.
Jerking off, Sleeping pills and 3 shots of vodka
There were more overdose deaths in San Francisco in 2020 than there were deaths from COVID.
That seems so bizarre to me.   I've always been introverted, but picked up social skills through school and early employment. Maybe it's a factor of my job requiring interpersonal communication (I'm both software developer and support specialist for said software), but my ability to socialize is mostly unaffected. Notably, I live with my girlfriend, and we've had friends over during the pandemic as long as they were within our trusted circle. I've visited family in-town, and gone out to dinner on rare occasion, open-air markets, so I kept some social interactions through the pandemic.  Is this social interaction loss a thing that's happening to people that managed to 100% isolate? I ask because at the very least I needed to go to the grocery store once in a while, and I've had long distance friendships for years so I e never felt truly isolated in any sense. I know self-assessment of social ability is flawed, but I haven't noticed any difference of interaction with the people around me.
It’s a pretty straightforward (and sad AF) case, so I also have trouble understanding this case. There wasn’t any weird twists or turns that would warrant a documentary imo
Every fucking thing is sexualized and that means that, the products suck, so sex is added to compensate
Jello. It has a texture that reminds me of poop.
I launch pretty fireworks nearby to hopefuly cover the noise.
Who?
By the size, never judge a persons color!! 🙄🙄
thanks man now i'm rock hard in AP social studies
No Drive
Jesse helms can eat a big dick.
Detroit: Become Human
Shit on the walls. “Poop art”.
I was with my CHURCH group where we went from church to someone's house, I was driving and the bball guy next to me saw a rabbit (I saw it too) and he yelled in a happy tone "chase it and run it over."    I never did, slowed down and went around it.
That sound of a pump action shotgun is definitely enough to scare off a lot of people. It’s a rather distinctive sound.
I won’t say someone deserves to die, but some people don’t deserve to live
Once his dick stink lmao
Damn. I didn’t know an alternate version of me that would post before me.
That was hard(after(
“Thank you for raising my grade, teacher”
be a member of a tribe
"You're the best teacher ever!"
We were the same...stuck in the house during cold, Canadian winter. Binge drinking through the weekend. because there was nothing else to do.  Thankfully we have lightened up a bit, but still drink more than we should.
25 years is a long time ago. He must be a much refined 'monk now with a Ferrari'. Who knows? Haven't you heard from him yet?
Forced myself out of a bitchy mood. Everyone wins when I do this.
Buy them the new Portal Go or Portal TV! It makes a measurably HUGE difference
I love both live action Scooby Doo films so much!
mentally shitty, the rest is alright.
My curved glass dildo I got from Adam and Eve
Noooo
Lil Mosey - Blueberry Faygo      Opening line is "One bad bitch and she do what I say so"      Yeah...
“You’ll love my nuts”
Oh, thank you for that detail. I didn't realize these were a separate garment, rather than one attached, like the skort.
Many men look great with their head shaved.
Only half the planet would die if it were a short burst, right?
Disappointment
Service to the places I work and live.  Reliability. It not being made up of only poorly maintained diesel buses.
How is Hitler not number one?! He caused all that pain and suffering for the glory of his regime only to be surrounded on all sides in a windowless bunker knowing full well he had fucked up everything he ever cared for. He died by suicide full well deserving it.
Nothing fancy. Just Fermi’s paradox. It’s so simple, yet is maybe the most compelling argument for extra terrestrial life there is.
Of course my mom gave me tip money!
Caution, Toxic!
Girl dad of a seven year old here….  Don’t fret. At three years old, that isn’t as big of a deal in the grand scheme as you might think. It’s school age when kids really feel the effects of socialization and not having friends at birthday parties. My daughter is in the second grade and is getting anxious about having friends from school at her birthday party in a month. Hang in there. It will be interesting to see the affect of covid and socialization on young children as time goes on. Let’s hope for the best.
Whistling. All those hours I waste away at work better be good for something :(
You
Uhhhhh…
Not at all. Just sit there on your high horse without even trying to understand
I'm a communication skills coach and isolation has led to a surge in clients seeking out help for their social and communication skills.  Extroverts contact me saying they've become introverts and introverts occasionally say they've become addicted to the loneliness. All of them say they are struggling to articulate their thoughts clearly.  A rare number of management figures have also realised that their social skills have diminished to the extent that they've lost their empathetic nature, causing them to become aggressive rather than understanding. Half of my job now is helping them re-learn how to be kind to the people they delegate responsibility to.
I never received something like that, but I wil tell you some of the best gifts that I gave, I knew that the girl liked crystals so I bought a amethyst and I passed 3 days learning how to make a necklace, the type of necklace that I did is "castroado", she loved it, I also made the present box with a lot of memes and references. I have a friend that she is an artist, so I pay her to make a funny art of me and the person, sometimes the pose is a reference or a meme.
ok?
My granddad died in covid, but I still have 2 grandparents and a step-grandma alive and I keep contact with them.
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
By tub full
Ughhhh…I wish someone will talk the same way about me some day…🥺🥺sure she’s pretty af
Smells, feels and looks like excrement. How about yours?
I don’t want to be trans.   I wrote them my name and pronouns and told them I needed to transition
Yeah, my family did that a few times as we were upgrading equipment. Sure it's nice to make a few hundred dollars, but it's even better having someone do all the lifting, moving, and disposal *and be grateful* for it.
That's terrible. Makes me angry reading it.
Over here most just take a cruise to Estonia to buy some duty-free alcohol to serve, since it's so much more expensive here. I've been to one wedding with a cash bar (minus a couple of glasses of champagne per guest on the bride and groom) though and I didn't really mind. It was actually quite nice, with unlimited free booze you run the risk of overdrinking, but if you gotta pay for it yourself you keep better track, lol.
the conjuring
It is not just Mississippi this is everywhere just look at the homelessness, between the collapse of capitalism and climate change I see no hope for anyone
Obesity is still on the rise.
I feel like these people feel like they're being left behind by society somehow, some right wing lunatic comes along and gives these people a purpose, then they grasp at straws trying to justify their idiotic beliefs.
Ron.
Sometimes it’s best to shut up and listen then talk.
humans, seems like the obvious answer here
I got it in April the very day it was available to me
Locking people down for over a year. Kids missing out on going on 2 years of a normal, in person education without being in prison like conditions. Forcing healhy people to wear a mask for hours at a time with very shaky data that they do jack crap. Politicizing medications that could have life saving effects. (Hydro*****ine and Iver****ion).  Demonizing anyone who even dares to question vaccine mandates. Depression and suicide rates are skyrocketing. Social anxiety disorders as well. People looking at anyone they see as infectious.
I'm happy for you! Unfortunately it's not like that where I live. I had a promise via email that they'd look at my case "by Friday, Monday at the latest" and that happened maybe 4 weeks ago. Nothing since.
You're now entering whore country.
Don’t post about it on social media. Don’t keep a dairy or a to do list
At annoying people!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're asking a question that violates r/AskReddit's [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-)   DAE ("Does Anybody Else") questions and questions that can be answered with "yes" or "no" are not allowed in r/AskReddit. Try rephrasing your question to be more open ended, or submitting to one of the following subreddits:  - /r/polls - /r/DoesAnybodyElse - /r/DAE - /r/WhatIsThisThing   Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Help+Related+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/psoanh/who_else_gets_dizzy_while_pooping/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Baristas
That adrenochrome stuff
It will be getting back when I was 30yp
Pulp Fiction. Sam Jackson stays.   What country you from?   Meep?   Meep ain’t no country I ever heard of. They speak English in meep?   Meep?   ENGLISH, MOTHERFUCKER!  DO YOU SPEAK IT?!  M-meep?  SAY MEEP AGAIN! SAY MEEP ONE MORE GODDAMN TIME. I DARE YOU! I DOUBLE DARE YOU MOTHERFUCKER!  Then Bunsen Honeydew comes out of the kitchen blasting with the revolver.  Kermit and Miss Piggy can be Pumpkin and Honey Bunny.  “If you hurt him, it’s HIIIIIII-YA!”
When somebody says they are definitely not doing something only to be doing it in the next scene
Disney's a watcher in the woods.
Same situation with my company. Shiny new office opened in August last year, had to close down within a month. Now they’re pissy people aren’t coming back in the office because “we’re paying for this building”.    So? I’m not risking my health and the health of those around me during a pandemic just because you’re stuck paying rent.
Insecurity
It’s hurt rational conversation when it comes to medicine. Everyone thinks they’re right. I’m not anti-vax but there’s nothing wrong with questioning this vaccine. I got my first dose and it gave me heart problems, I’ve never had a past with heart problems and no one in my family has either. I can’t speak out against this because I’m labeled anti-vax. I’m not. But I’m chastised for speaking about my experience.
r/SalsaSnobs
Don't apologize man. Everyone's got their issues and sometimes it helps to get it out there. My mother works as an instructional aide for special needs kids and the district she works for us doing the same crap to them so I understand your issue.
I don't think they're bitter.
Think of it this way...  The family got to enjoy some great times while cousin deteriorated. The price for not learning how to help your family members is occasionally very expensive.  You rolled the dice, you lost, and now it's time to pin everything on the man who can no longer defend himself.  Shit like this keeps us down, not some 1%er boogeyman.
If I were you I would go see another cardiologist, just to be sure ..
Mine is:   You can catch a cold if you don't wear a coat in cold weather.   1) It takes coming into contact with a virus to catch a cold virus.   2) It is 100% false that being cold wears your immune system down. Your immune system only reacts to something that invades your body. Study after study has proved this.   3) Cold weather actually kills viruses. People get sick more in the winter time, because they are indoors more and in near contact with people who are infected.
Covid orphans. So many children left parentless.
I know I'm replying way too late, but I remember reading a reddit comment a few years ago from someone who said that they had Robin Bell as their Uber driver. She talked about her son, but in a sad way. Basically saying that he never calls or talks to her.  I hope she's doing okay.
Your face is full of tiny arachnids just colonizing away in your pores on your face.
There are so far at least 9 conservative radio talk show hosts who have died and had it coming.
Last time I breastfed was eleven years ago, so it may very well have become better now. I hope so.
Peace and Love!
This happened at my old workplace too. Like I'm sorry if you physically can't do your job from home, but that doesn't mean I should put myself at risk... And put *you* at greater risk, too, by being around more people.
One of my coworkers kept eating my lunches. After a few months, I poisoned my food. They never showed up again.
Oh, it's a scream.  Not literally.
That’s one of the few docs I haven’t seen on them!! Saved to watch later. Thank you!
Didn’t say children weren’t humans, let me put it this way for you, if you took a heart out of a human and kept it beating, is that heart considered a human ? When a fetus develops a heart beat, there is no consciousness yet just a muscle moving blood, and basic nervous system running it
I see no feasible way the public transport system could be changed for me, someone who lives in the suburbs, to sell my car.
Can I also join the distraction team?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0xh4qopQpk
You unlocked a memory I forgot I had but jurassic park scared me enough to think that too
When I last got tested at like 17 it was 134. I don't know if it would be as high now 20 years later though.
i cannot remember that far back in time.  i probably started with comic books and just kept going.  the last book i finished was a collection of essays by charles krauthammer.
Nobody knows, not even me
I like unibrow on woman
The Art of Drowning by AFI.
If they had the medical system of that time, there would probably be 5/6 times more deaths...
Human beings hijacked this comment section
Me and my mom noticed that after we caught covid we started getting a bit more slow on the uptake and more forgetful of things, like if we developed a bit of ADHD (idk if that's possible, but just for the sake of comparison), my dad kept normal
Wish
r/askreddit
The mass unemployment and job loss. Many people are now homeless even though who never drank or did drugs have lost their homes and are unable to see their families
After seeing a lot of other username, i guess my skill is rather spectacular...
fav= sports and math  hated= english
Poisonous Dwarf Culdesac
Spooning.
I’m a teacher, these kids are way behind. Both academically, and socially.   We just passed kids who didn’t do work for two years, and now they think they can do it again. Every one of my students who is failing, is failing because they give me nothing. Or the work is half assed.   I hope they get a kick in the pants come the end of the quarter…
do do do do do do
I don't think any particular book got me into reading. It was more like an organic process of just learning to read and never stopping. Since I learned to read before I formed any lasting memories, I have no idea what I was reading but I'm sure it wouldn't be very interesting to me as an adult. However, the earliest book I can remember reading is *The House at Pooh Corner* by A. A. Milne at the age of four, but I almost certainly read *Winnie the Pooh* before that.  The last book I read was *A Midsummer Night's Dream* in *The Works of William Shakespeare, in Reduced Facsimile from the Famous First Folio Edition of 1623*. The last one I finished—if you count audiobooks—was the Arkangel Shakespeare audiobook of *Romeo and Juliet*.  That's basically how I'm doing this reading project. First I read a chapter out of *Shakespeare After All* by Marjorie Garber as an introductory essay to the play, then I read the play out of the First Folio facsimile edition, then I get a sense of what it's like in performance with the audiobook, because it's recorded by professional actors affiliated with the Royal Shakespeare Company with music, sound effects, etc., making it the next best thing to seeing a live production of the play. So after I finish the audiobook of *A Midsummer Night's Dream*—and I've just been uploading the next several plays to my MP3 player—I'll be ready to tackle *Richard II*.
My opinion is they’re some kind of robotic like entity that operate the craft. The actual ‘aliens’ are either on their home world or in a mothership elsewhere.
[Weapon of Choice](https://youtu.be/XQ7z57qrZU8)- Fatboy Slim
I read this as ‘pain fried liver’ and was very confused
But Seriously - Phil Collins
Definitely. At the start we were all in it together, people were singing from balconies, clapping health workers, and then the snakes came and now we have new divisions, vax vs antivax, mask vs antimask, lockdown vs antilockdown, etc. And it's all been through lies, tricks and blurring of what those things are. For example, people who became hardcore antilockdown started framing their arguments as if they were talking about something indefinite and permanent, and not short term measures that flatten the curve, but that lift again.
Watch the *Star Wars* prequels. Yeah.
Gaming, anime, swimming, sewing, baking, napping, lying around, browsing the web, drinking beer, hiking.
My company won't let people stay home and work. And most of us can; there's literally no reason for most of us to physically be in the office. People rarely even print anything. But no, they want us to be there. I'm currently working from home because I'm genuinely scared of getting Covid again, but I don't think it's going to last long - my boss is going to be forced to make me come back. And I resent that because I'm pretty sure the place where I caught Covid last December was work. I wasn't going anywhere else.
Seriously. I was watching that show Dark and two teenagers had a sex scene where we saw both characters completely naked and then had to sit through two minutes of a close up on the guys but on top of her thrusting. Like what?! I could not believe it. I know Europeans are a bit looser about nudity and what not but seriously in what universe does anybody need to see two teens with one thrusting his cock into the other?! It was so excessive.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Buying things in single-use plastics and pretending they were going to get recycled.
Smoking
I drank juice and got sick so my puke was purple and everyone made fun of me calling me purple puke But It gets funny because elementary school teacher made them make an apology card where they drew me puking purple and they were bullying me written "we sorry" on it with all of those mfkers names written on it
My grandfather. Unfortunately I had a pretty good relationship with him as a kid, which made things quite complicated for me when he passed. I found out pretty quickly that he was a narcissistic, abusive piece of shit, and I shouldn’t really be sorry that he died.  He raped my aunt multiple times when she was younger. I guess, like with all women in his life, he felt he had the right to treat her like a sex object.   He abused everyone. He would chase my father and his brother around with knives. Yes, you heard that right—he would get drunk, grab a knife, and make his kids run away from him in fear of their lives as he tried to kill them. It would go on until he got exhausted. He hit all of his children and was abusive to my grandmother (who eventually got fed up with his shit and left him). He was emotionally manipulative and abusive as well, treated everyone around him like dirt.   He got all of his children started early on substance abuse. He gave them beer at like age 10. He would drive them out somewhere, get hammered, get them drunk, and then make them drive home as he blacked out.   He wound up having a stroke in the mid-2000s. Dude thought he wasn’t going to live long after it, so he gave up on all of his rehab. He wound up living for 10+ years like that until he died in 2017. You know who took care of him all that time? My aunt—the very same one he sexually abused. We had a small get together at my father’s home with the immediate family, and that was about it. Even with all he did, I saw all of my father’s siblings cry that day. Clearly, it is complicated for them as well.   His actions have a lingering presence. My aunt and one of my uncles had sex with one another as teenagers. They’re still very flirtatious with one another when they see each other.   My uncle (same one as previous paragraph) is also an drug addict, abusive piece of shit. He killed animals as a kid because he thought it was fun. He has kids all over the country and made a business out of scamming people. I can’t tell you how many bullshit ventures he’s concocted—a recording studio, gambling machines, an entertainment agency, etc. They’ve all eventually been outed as fake. He takes advantage of everyone around him, stealing their money, belongings, and playing with their emotions (like my poor grandmother). He beats and manipulates his kids, who he only sees every few years and tries to win them over with money and gifts. He forced them to act like they want to be around him when he’s in their presence. They’ve all cut ties with him just recently. Not too long ago, he drove his car off of a walking bridge and crashed into a dam. When I heard it was him, I was hoping that he had left his seatbelt off and finally fucking dropped dead. Unfortunately, he just got a DUI and some major bruises. I look forward to the day he fucking drops. He’s somehow weaseled his way back into my grandmother and my aunt’s lives, turning them against my family for supporting his daughters (who came to us regarding the abuse). He’s like a fucking wasp that just hangs around and won’t stop being a cunt.
Ironic that they ban stuff like history related channels to kaoe it more advertizer friendly but a lot of theit advertizers are exactly the type of shit you'd never want on your platform.
All i said was L why you so angry 😂
If this pandemic has thought me anything it's that most people turkey don't care about anyone but themselves
What did the male magnet say to the female magnet?  > "When I saw your backside, I was repelled. However, after seeing you from the front, I now find you very attractive."
A total snack
watching or lightning fireworks
Car
Lol same here. Am wfh and have a weight set and USED TO BE fit but the depression has taken over. Meh. Will get to becoming healthy later
I hope you all prepared for the exam
It’s not like guys are discriminated against a lot (i 100% believe overall women have it worse) but when it comes to kids we can sometimes be a little bit screwed over… Most jobs I’ve had have been working with children with either special needs or behavioral issues and I’ll never forget working with one little girl who got really attached to me and loved sitting in my lap. Now believe me, I didn’t care if she did or didn’t, like it doesn’t matter to me but i was pulled aside and was told that male staff weren’t allowed to have children sit in their lap (assuming because only men are pedos?). Whats sad is initially i was told this little girl had a fear of men and large dogs since her parents were drug addicts and i was told she was initially taken away from them by police.
It's a bit reassuring that this isn't uncommon....but it's also really sad.
Bluetooth and learn to fake one end of a conversation.
More people dying of cancer and other diseases.  In some cases, people aren’t getting face-to-face appointments with their GP’s quick enough, meaning their cancer is not picked up or treated in time. I read a story only a few days ago of it happening to someone. He insisted on a face-to-face appointment but the GP’s insisted on doing everything over the phone. By the time they realised he had cancer, it was too late and he’s now terminal.   Also, many people don’t feel it’s safe to go to hospitals or GP’s due to COVID leading to similar consequences.
no
One of my good friends works for CPS and he echoed this, things have gotten exponentially worse during covid in terms of abuse
>Many of my students are from artistic families - freelances, actors, musicians, theatre people. Parents went from a really high income to almost none since many of them were self employed.  Most actors, musicians and theatre people weren't wealthy before the pandemic
Viola Davis, maybe something stuck
Hol up
i got lots of shit to do for my online business, so i'm on ask reddit to chill a bit
Yes because white people don’t commit crimes.
About 10000 kilometers north east. So close.
Guns instead of wands
Literally just love being alone to do chores and putsy round the house. Recharges me.
There’s nothing really overhyped about my state. It’s not because it’s perfect, it’s pretty great, but it’s mostly because no one knows anything about it. Best I get is “oh I went there one summer.”
Tactical nuke...kinda
maybe taking a photo for the divorce process, but nothing much more
The smartest thing I do is that I never assume I am smarter than anyone.
Staring into the void trying to remember what touch felt like
>  You have the freedom to do as you please but by increasing the chance of accidents you're purposely infringing one of our natural rights, the right to life.  Then why allow people to drive at all? The chance of accidents increases when you go from 25 MPH to 30 MPH just as it does when you go from 70 to 75. Both of them involve risk-reward analysis. Now, me, I'd go full Autobahn and remove speed limits. If you're more risk-averse, you might want a 55 MPH limit everywhere. But we can discuss and compromise.
In response to the other comments here, you wouldn't have been a bad person if you held everyone to the same standards and people got what they worked for. I understand people have lives, but if I'm getting paid the same as someone and they're cutting out early, coming late, etc, I'm gonna be pissed. and I could know the whole story and I'd still be pissed. I'm not working more than someone because they have a hard life. I had it hard my whole childhood and I don't get a bonus for that.
A bunch of small businesses were forced to close last year while Wal-mart, Target, etc were allowed to stay open and grow market share, for no reason.  The risk of going to those places was probably greater than small businesses that could provide a product or service they could.  Rich got richer.
The sole integer between 41.6 and 42.8
Speed determines distance traveled within reaction time and distance to stop. Roads with limited line of sight, many access points i.e. Intersections and driveways, or even wildlife crossings have a higher likelihood of requiring a driver to stop or rapidly change the direction of their car.   Speed limits absolutely prevent accidents.
LOL #GANGMEMBER ENERGY 💀💀😭
You’re not wrong
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Are you suggesting that subbing Wendover Productions and Economics Explained makes me look old?
Thank you for looking out for those kiddos.
Yes
Left 4 Dead 2. Guess I'm fucked.
That is because you are using paints, try that with lights of color.....
Lol you're still allowed to wear a seatbelt in states that don't require them. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Dinner and entertainment in the form of corny jokes and awkwardness.   (Not because bi stereotype but because social situations are terrifying.)
Can consume several enemy grapes
Why they gotta be "dark" effects huh
it's just the truth and I seriously don't get why I got so many downvotes
Nobody bats an eye if a woman hits a man, of anything people think it’s funny. Guy defends himself and he’s a monster.
The lockdown happened once in the u.s. it did nothing to contain the virus because it wasn’t long enough. The flip flopping of the trump administration and late response. Covid is still happening a year and a half later. People not getting vaccinated and wearing masks are the ones perpetuating this. I’m not arguing or wanting a big argument out of this but the lockdown isn’t what’s making everything a shit show!
We certainly new what was worth keeping, but there's a lot of 'moderate' value stuff that wasn't worth storing or move when we cleaned out my grandparents house. We were putting a lot of stuff out by the curb and actively rooting for it to get gone for someone who actually wanted it. Furniture and the like that doesn't have sentimental value would cost more than it's worth to hang onto.
Oh so you are gonna make threesome amazing
The second Matrix movie. I want to see the burly brawl. I want to see more fighting. Hell, I’ll take the extended version of the architect’s speech. But the random dance orgy in Zion and a long sex session between Neo and Trinity? Awkward. Especially when watching with practically anyone else. Fast forward.
Comic book first appearances, and the most valuable books to own
I appreciate you and wish more parents were like you. Sadly you seem to be the exception these days, not the rule.
Gordons alive?
Most of these horrifying effects in the comments nothing to do with covid-19. Instead, they are results of massive amount of NPIs arbitrary imposed on by governments and corporations.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
[Richard Huckle](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Huckle)   Also known as “Britains worst pedophile” (which is saying a lot when you think about it), posed as a photographer for charities and religious organizations in Asia in order to get close to children and eventually groom and rape them. He was also involved in the sex trafficking business where he helped sell many of the children into sex slavery where he also filmed and distributed CP. A true monster.  Turns out, dude was capitol-B brutally tortured and murdered in prison in the absolute worst way possible in 2019. The details are waaaaay too graphic to write down here but man… he got was what was coming and then some.
I don't know if it's exactly a "hot topic" or not, but [Vsauce's latest video describing ontology](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXW-QjBsruE) is really fascinating.
So you guys are ready to take up arms against our nation so the rich people can get more tax breaks? You keep going with that I think that's a winning position you keep pushing that you're winning lots of followers lmfao
That Epstein guy comes to mind.
If my whole family was killed/died I can't imagine living, I would be a hollow husk waiting for death - Im not trying to be dramatic I can't imagine (within reason) a worse life.
Well, I better hope I execute since I apparently guaranteed success lol
Poverty and homelessness around the world has increased. Getting the vaccine is a 1st world problem.
nudity
My girlfriend is a primary school teacher. She's on maternity leave now but her job was basically making sure the kids were still alive when she was doing virtual learning.  Like three kids actually logged on at any point to engage with the learning materials.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ooga booga
The woman I’ve been in love with for three years. Both inside and out.
Lost close friends and family members because they're full-blown conspiracy theorists. There is no arguing with them. They just bring it back to their opinions and crappy sources.  Science, people, science. You're entitled to your opinion, but not to your own facts. They exist whatever you think.  It hurts to see so many close ones thinking about themselves first and not caring about the well-being of others. Pride and narcissism.  It just hurts.
Can you guarantee that every conviction is correct? Isn't it much more likely that every justice system can make mistakes? Or that some groups of people (mentally disabled for example) would suffer disproportionately from that?
Same here. I always said "and I'll watch you smoke." And honestly I love cigarette smell outside. Inside it's disgusting.
YES! This, exactly.
Make your daughter your interest. This way, as long as you’re with her, you can enjoy whatever you’re doing.
Any argument that doesnt involves politics, people talking about politics here make me want to stab my eyes
Well, we are all going back to prison.
Well, it was (is) an ordeal and it showed efficiency, priorities and well, how they handle pressure on crisis, specially a not self-made one, so, of course it would  Sadly some use it to justify anything they did wrong,
STOP
I don’t know where it comes from, and that’s okay with me. I just don’t believe in a god the same way that you do. I was baptized twice as a child and I went to catholic school. Religion just isn’t for me. I understand that it gives some people a sense of comfort and community, but that isn’t my experience
Linda Cardellini
> If you haven't spoken to your parents or grandparents in a while, give them a call.      Or a zoom.  I see my family members, including my Dad, more often now.
I mean, it is true that a lot of people are hesitant to return to work. I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that parents can't be sure that their children will be in school or have childcare if the pandemic picks back up. Most of the people I know that dropped out of the workforce are women with school-age kids.
I want to get off Mr. Bones’ Wild Ride
Are your friends all in the 8th grade?
So much sadness and anxiety and grief. It’s overwhelming.
very nice.  does it work well? i have some drainage iasues around the casa and was considering options.
Who fucking talks like that? You type that wearing your fedora?   This story is so riddled with cliches it’s one pastel shirt away from being a movie. Damn, reddit has a hate boner for the rich
I get chills thinking about it. Assuming that you are already there... just fucken weird.
The Adventures of Buckaroo Bonzai Across the 8th Dimension  The Boys and Girls Guide to Getting Down  Earth Girls are Easy
Making gay guys fall for me even tho I’m straight
All true and I sympathize for the dude and he doesn’t deserve to be in same line as hitler but I mean come on that was never going to end well!
Lol for some reason the one cleaning ad I get bounces between an English and Spanish version.
Students had almost 2 years off from seeing friends. Aside from them being bored if they can’t play online, cognitive and social development also took an almost 2 year pause as children in kindergarten now haven’t had any social development since being born, and freshmen in high school are at the same maturity level as seventh graders since they haven’t been around each other at all to get past the weird stages.
Here is what you said: Many of the people who don't work in the same state and work remote now put in years of work in roles like you to be able to do it.  Here is what I am saying: That is bullshit bootstrapping rhetoric that does not reflect reality.
my grandparents fought in the war for my children’s freedoms & liberty. Hitler was honest about he’s Political views. Majority have no Awareness of the unseen corrupt political dictatorship. It’s never important  till ur personally fucked by the government corruption of deliberate injustice.  People are upset & have fallen victim.
Having a backwards sleeping schedule. A lot of people have to work the graveyard shift guys.
Going to the doctor soon to see if I can get mental help fast without being in a facility day and night.  I really hope it will help since most I've been to say I have no mental problems amd therefore don't need the help. Recently tho the psychologists I talk to told me my issues are to serious for their experience and that I need something better.   I git a crisis letter so I hope that helps.
It was milk. I thought he was saying, “malt” as in the milkshake.
The U.S. plays Quidditch too. The American team has competed in the World Cup every time.
 I think it would be a really good name for a cat. Or a really smart dog with an old looking/intelligent looking face.
"I'm not a baby, I'm a tumor."
Uptown Funk
Also called bloomers, they can be tight and panty-like or more shorts-like, but they're a separate piece. (Skorts are sewn together as one piece.) They keep your underwear hidden, though, so when you kick, flip, or tumble, you don't actually show anything. Extra useful when you've got wings that would otherwise be visible X3
Death to humans
she’s so sunkissed
Put a big piece of dandruff in my brother’s cornflakes. As a kid, I did much worse.
Do you want to hear something that you'd likely *never* be exposed to if I didn't recommend it?   [Dimash Quidabergen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEz1qGS0T1Q)
I have no clue
Sorry to hear that happened.I'm glad that you're going through the investigation though! Hopefully the person that assaulted you gets what they deserved
Predator: hunting grounds
Anything out of print of course.  Funny story: I was bummed when the show Constantine was canceled.  This guy was selling a pirated DVD set on Ioffer (eBay wannabe), and I bought one right away because I figured it was my only opportunity.  He did a real professional job; the DVDs had colored labels and there was even a UPC code on the case.  What's funny is that an official dvd set actually did get released a couple years later and the case had the SAME artwork, John with a hand of flame.
A McDonald’s in Roswell, shaped like a UFO?
Rupert.
Elden Ring
Guns. I never liked violence.
my mom doesn’t believe the parent is always right and  isn’t harsh or strict on my sister or i. If she thinks i stole something of hers or something and gets mad at me and finds it in her room she will come and apologize to me for assuming i did it or something. She also allows my sister and i to have tattoos and piercings, dye our hair as she had a couple in highschool and has a few tattoos as well and believes that if she’s had it or done it that it’s only fair that we can. She also is very trusting of us as her motto is she’ll trust us unless we give her a reason not to. My stepdad is also the same way as they aren’t very harsh on grades either as they know some classes or teachers can be difficult but expects us atleast to pass and if not try our hardest and not half ass it through school and life. I failed my math class freshman year of college and was terrified to tell them and when i did they told me they weren’t mad as i stayed after school every day studying for the final. It had unlimited retakes of the final till the school closed and i stayed from open to close retaking it to pass but failed by 1 point. They just said what matters is that i tried my hardest and i didn’t slack so i’m beyond lucky of them for being very positive and not strict or harsh parents thankfully as i’ve had friends meet them asking if my parents are looking to adopt or where they can get one of them.
Relationships that have ended because of covid. I was engaged to someone in a different country and border closures lead to our separation.
In fact, the idea of ‘God’ has been consciously equated to a class 5 civilization, with equal omnipotence and a hive mindset to separate ‘he’ from the actual ‘them’.
I wanna go to  hogwarts studio
Very nice
cyanide
My test said I’m an INFP, but don’t feel like it matches with my personality
The writings on the wall
Seriously? Farfetch’d of course, comes w his own leak.
I have noticed that this thread makes iy very easy to see who was raised on extreme religion or not
It will be the only thing I can't say no
I have a Galaxy s8 that I've had for way, way too long. I also don't treat it very well. USB C port, works fine.
Some fictional character named Carob's ghost from 1985 when died stabs me because I live in his house now :D
I fought god and the sky holy shit I’m awesome
100 points for you :)  Almost all ADs (not just SSRIs) have an effect on libido, but opiates/opioides for sure. On the one hand it's good, you have time for other things, on the other hand it's bad if you get into a situation where a healthy libido would be useful...
Manual Transmission vehicles.
Not extreme but the mommy/daddy and the step bro/sis/mom/dad kink. Idk. I just cringe... But power to the people who do enjoy it. Just not my cup of tea.
A camera store, I don't need 30 minutes.
When I was 19 I thought it would be a good idea. At 30, I wouldn't have dated a 19 year old.
turtles
Driving schools.
lame but choosing thyself
US. The whole world is so americanized, and i want to see it for myself
Turners tea
OMG gross ask if they have a plunger before you do it, light a match, apologize ahead of time, etc.
Ass
Whoever ate the bat.
That consenting adults argument is gross. It’s an outdated law created by pedos which is why the further back in history you go the lower the age of eligible brides. Legality does not determine morality. If the law is the only thing keeping you from pursuing children younger than 18 then you’re a piece of shit
Poop knife sales are about to take off!
There are people who are aroused by kids. Would you call pedophilia a kink?
Internet anonymity
Still there. They just 'pull a Lungren'.
whatever.
Vr headset
Timefalls
Bring a poop spray.
Its possible he can reach 100
The concept of family and traditional values.
Jiggly puff looks delicious.
And apparently other countries does not have something similar to our Nem-ID except for a few, notably estonia
The Pink Panther, Looney tunes, Popeye, He-Man, Rockos  modern life and Inspector Gadget...to name a few.
Meeee
Trap music
Can you correct me?
Me too
maybe the feeling when i don’t how to do chemistry and physics lmao. Like if you were asian, i bet that you’d know how does it feel
The internet.
Its a thankless job, but this content has to be preserved for future generations.
You never gonna get my love. 😤
Violence. Domestic abuse. Drug Use. The list goes on, and on.
In my country every public building MUST have an access for people in wheelchairs. Ramp, elevator, whatever.
Have a good day king
ok, ur cousin is a man of culture
Yes and for me it’s not a matter of belief.  What comes to belief is whether or not certain videos you watch are legit.  For instance the government navy videos look weird to me.  But some footage in the doc “Close Encounters of the Fifth Kind” is very compelling.  I think there’s multiple types of encounters.  One would be with beings who exist on the same physical reality plane as our bodies who literally travel here point A to point B to get here.  Harder to wrap my mind around due to the time constraints… even if you were traveling at the speed of light the universe is too big to traverse very far without another method of travel.  Which may be possible.  Another type of encounter would be interdimensional visitors who project their consciousness into these vehicles and phase into into our reality, like tuning into a radio station, but that station is a set of coordinates in time.  These “aliens” may travel in vehicles that are constructed at a higher dimension but suited to traversing multiple planes of reality.    I have had an experience where I had a lucid dream that I was in a Colosseum fighting waves of enemies, then became horrified to realize that none of the people I had dispatched had laid a finger on me.  I was just mindlessly killing based on fear.  It was a horrid realization.  Then when my consciousness snapped back to my bedroom I could see a small flying saucer (circumference of a 4-6 inches) hovering over my chest with streaks of blue lightning going between the bottom of the craft and my chest.  It slowly lifted away from me and changed opacity until it phased out of my perception.  My theory is that these were other dimensional beings testing my fear levels.    I had not previously conceived of a flying saucer being the size of a small plate but it makes perfect sense.  Size is so relative.  If they’re from another dimension full stop then maybe they are 10,000x “smaller” than us.  Had another experience where I was in dream having a not lucid dream… pretty regular… driving a car when I realized there was a spacecraft following me up above.  I tried to out run it, but as soon as it wanted, it grabbed me and snapped my consciousness immediately to another field.  And then I was with this large blue being, male.  And he said that they travel back to our time to set things right, basically.  He said some other things I forget.    To me both of these experiences were like ‘alien abductions’ but it was more like they were abducting my consciousness.    I’m sure some people will believe or not believe my experiences to be imaginary.  I would ask that people keep an open mind about who aliens are, where they come from, the way they work, and what their goals could be.  Because if the visitors are extra dimensional then we are talking about increasingly infinite possibilities.
Oh shit!
I saw nude ghost
Are you scared of cockroaches
Governments
Are they exclusive? Why can he not see 'the future if he played move A vs the future if he played move B'
flush multiple times during wiping...never trust someone else's toilet to be as powerful as your own.   or...leave it exactly as you found it <---this one should be a rule everywhere. fuck you disgusting co-workers.
Death by milf.
What about Texas lmao
It was a female.
Bigots had seemed to go away a few years ago. From our ear muffed white privileged media. Then they came roaring back. And guess what? It was here the entire time. It’s not going anywhere. Diesel cars maybe haha
At this current rate, society.    As if anyone gives a shit.
Farfetch'd and Slowpoke are canonically the tastiest but I'd wanna try Vanillite
Horchatha. That stuff is awesome
Kool-aid
I have noticed that this thread makes iy very easy to see who was raised on extreme religion or not
CBT and gore
The LEGO store
I don’t eat them
Idk but whoever the fuck wrote the story for the "human centipede" should be put in lucifers cage in hell.
I just saw unnaturally yellow cheese - seriously, that cheese is way too yellow to not be plastic - being put in everything in biblical quantities...
Sorryy like Seyy but with a sharp e.
....and do what with that information? Brood about it and rage impotently about whatever "ism" someone with a book deal on the line tells you is at fault. Or use it to manipulate your way in to getting what you want. Your choice.
Ditto
My two girls fight over everything. Constantly. Like, they will both take shit from one another the moment they see the other one with anything. I've tried a lot of shit and the best I've figured out is "if yall can't figure out how to share your toys I'm taking it from both of yall". I usually got to take it and put it up. At least then it's fair. Generally, they will just move on like it didn't happen to begin with afterwards. I don't think they really want the toys, they just don't want the other one to have any. And they all belong to both of them for the most part so it's not like either of them have first dibs on any of the toys.
Chemistry
all the teen fiction dystopian future universes
What is with the multiple times a night? That happens to me too, I get sleep paralysis a couple nights a month, but always multiple times in the same night.
40?
"You better not be reading my thoughts a59hole!"
Patient zero was a female… she didn’t eat a bat… it was cross contamination between a bat and a pangolin. She worked at a wet market and came in direct contact with the contamination. I.E touched something and then touched her face.
A Pepsi Blue
That's a great answer
Math
There's nothing wrong with it
in 12 places around the country simultaneously
The harsh reality of city life.
Having sex with the girl of my dreams
candy crush
Poppers are awesome for a wank
Well, it at least stops the full tracking. See ya!
I have noticed that this thread makes iy very easy to see who was raised on extreme religion or not
can scratch any itch in any place with a quickness
The death of my cat
Show them before you flush. Not all pipes are equal and you may need to snip it in half before flushing.
Dogs tear me to shreds
Just pray it's not another guy
What do you consider advanced mathematics?
Look at it this way at least they don't make porn with you
I think if people like each other then this shouldn't matter much. Both of them are adults
Religion
I switched schools in 3rd grade and there was a clique of girls that decided to single me out and be particularly mean to me. I didn't get invited to any birthday parties that year and this is when kids would come to sch with a stack of invitations to hand out in class. I came home crying one day about it and my dad said "why do you want to be friends with people who don't want to be friends with you?" It was the logic I needed to hear at that age and since then I've never invested my emotional energy into someone that isn't giving the same back. Definitely a healthy relationship lesson.
You don't really "dad" until you make your household really think twice about using the bathroom after you.  (No, seriously, dads...fucking courtesy flush)
Huh. Good for them I guess
Dank Pods... faily well known and funny but not super big.
More changes have happened since Sandy Hook (2012) than either of those. Of course things varied across the country, but I'd say being able to walk into an unlocked school was very common until Sandy Hook. Even now, many schools will be open outside of class hours and at night.
I don’t eat them
For example, my grandmother (US) overstayed her allotted 90 days in Spain by 11 days. How would a TSA agent know that without actually looking at her stamp? Will it prevent her from going back in the future?
Morgan Freeman for me
Someone said that in 1996. And look at us now.
REDDIT.
I will
My cousin is obsessed with that game, whereas I’m not a fan. It was just supposed to be a joke.
When I was little (in the early to mid 90s), I really wanted the Littlest Pet Shop Racing lizard. It was this little orange lizard in a plastic cube cage that looked like a mini desert scene. It changed colors when your hot little fingers touched it.   My dad was super poor in those days and couldn’t afford to buy it. When he finally got a better job, we went back to the store (I feel like it was a Walgreens or something) it was sold out. He would go back every weekend to this specific store and ask if they had it in stock yet. This went on for MONTHS. I was a little kid, so I had no idea how annoying this must have been to the people who worked there.   Anyway, his persistence paid off and one day they said they found one in a box in the back room! We couldn’t believe it. I still have it somewhere in a storage tub. I’ll treasure it forever.
Welcome to how to be an alien, for beginners
Doing a "colon cleanse" that involved fasting while drinking large amounts of psyllium fiber. I ended up fainting while trying to empty my bowels and having my younger brother rush into the bathroom to find me naked on the floor, noxious shit smeared over my ass, between my legs, and all down the front of the toilet. I posted about it and got lots of comments about how I could have died, which made me realize I was even dumber than I thought.
Flo rida - Whistle
I used to sing “Save a Horse Ride a Cowboy” all the time when I was around 5 or 6 years old. Only realized the meaning within the last couple years
i mean... there are people who are aroused by vomit, vomiting, or when others vomit. surely that has to count for something?
Living in Britain it feels like the stupid animals came from here to begin with. Sorry about that.
Dragons, espsically if their the fluffy space dragon kind :3
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die.
Because servers cost money to run.
Take good care of yourself (put effort into your hair, beard, outfit, hygiene, and behaviour. And don't try too hard with women. If you don't flow naturally with a girl, is she really a good match?
Dank Pods... faily well known and funny but not super big.
I don’t eat them
All the boys in a grade 4 class trained the mentally handicapped kids to lick pee out of the urinals.  They convinced them that the pee was made of gold and it would make them rich one day the more they licked it.  Over half the boys in the class were involved and encouraging them to do it.
Im an incel how exactly lmao people work their asses off for a chance to stream and get seconded handed by chicks who think showing their tits is “hard work” calling someone an incel is such a moronic thing to do find something better to do
How you died
Wait wait don't eat me, noooooo
Vulnerability is a sign of weakness. I’m almost three decades old and i’m still having issues with this. It fucking sucks.
Every 2ndborn daughter of Egypt is my hoe. ~~Death~~  Cheek death to the whole family by slapping if any man touches them. Send them to the triangle house,  I supposed I live on the top triangle, they are my hoes.  Also they can't wear arsenic as makeup and things because I might want to lick some faces. Hornyitep III has spoken.
“No son of mine’s crying in public! Eat another one! Get it out of your system!”
Long Live and Prosper
The Alkaline Trio
A sweet ass
Go to Costco and pick up a Rotisserie chicken and make it "fly" around the store, frightening people.
OK. I concede that you exist. It's irrelevant to my point
Thundarr the Barbarian. Remember back in 1994 when a runaway planet hurled itself between the Earth and the Moon?  Yeah, me neither.   Just as well, really.
Mostly the murdering but also the fried chicken art pieces I leave in the shape of emotional colonel sanders busts.
IN the toilet
>All pedos want to 'touch' kids  That is in fact wrong. All pedophiles have an attraction to children, but that doesnt mean they want to 'touch' them. In reality most of them hate themselves for even thinking about it and would love to get rid of it. They suppress their feelings with all their might but without professional help this becomes a catalyst and leads to them actually doing it.   >You want sympathy for creeps who haven't had the opportunity yet... or just haven't been caught  I ask for sympathy for the children. They are the victims and they need to be protected and while you hate and judge people from the distance i actually try to solve the problem you are talking about. I try to make them come out of hiding ans get help, cause that is the only way to help them control themselves and to even know about them.  But then you guys come along and threaten them with death for something they cant change about themselves, and i ask myself why humanity still hasnt learned that blind hate doesnt work. Hating people for a feature (not a good one, but one that isnt their fault), has killed 6 million jews, suppressed black people for centuries and made disabled people outcasts of society for over 3000 years now.   Please understand that hate doesnt solve our problem it makes it worse.
you're* mom
Being alive
I do weird things with my mouth for interested people
Sophie’s Choice.
"there's no such thing as white privilege"
Tell it to get the fuck out of my body or I'll call the guy who sent his brothers to the swine to kill themselves under water.
Silence
Unhappily Ever After
Knowing when NOT to be one.
Oh I agree and as I was saying in another comment, I know how deep I was in, how emotionally fucked up I was. But had my brother come to me, with the relationship we had at the time, I believe it would have sunk on for me then to look at things differently.   But I can't change what happened so there is no use dwelling on that. The point I was making is that all of the people who came out of the woodwork even 3 and 4 years afterwards who told me all of the reasons *they knew* he was an awful person and that I was manipulated by him... all that did was make me feel pathetic and stupid and made me lose every ounce of self-respect and self-worth I had.
**we all know**
date of issue / expiration date / current date. it's nothing special
She's Only 17.
Dank Pods... faily well known and funny but not super big.
Excuse me? What do you mean by "some more blood"?
Me  Edit: thanks, I love you
Omg 🤣🤣🤣
Either  I'm  getting  shot, or Death by snu snu
Well, like, I'm not telling *YOU* obviously, that's how "Taking to the grave" works!
Money to pay bills in California.
How to swim.
Thank God!
Pretty Woman!
How you died
Big Green Tractor by Kenny Chesney. He still swears he thought he was just writing an innocent song about a tractor
Advanced math
Fuck your pfp
A pocket knife. Picked one up for $5 and had no idea how frequently I'd use it until I actually had one.
The depiction of a hydrogen molecule.
I mean I somewhat get the appeal behind behind rape fetish but that's still fucked up even if its just role-playing
Sure
Being careful not to rub the tender patch underneath, softly dab at the tears. Bam! Tears disappeared!
Uh ono please go slow lol
A vibrating vibrator
Silence
We dated for 6 months and I never kissed her... she justifiably broke up with me, but she did so through text on our 6 month anniversary.
hello there
"In a minute I'll be single"   I translated your question OP
Definitely calling my parents tomorrow after reading this
Praying to god tiktok dances stop.
It is already dead. The reddit that used to be is no more and those early redditors left to the next one. Wont tell you where though, wouldnt want the new reddit to share the same fate.
Life on earth?
....rational
Archive everything. The cult of Mars never deletes anything.
Not extreme but the mommy/daddy and the step bro/sis/mom/dad kink. Idk. I just cringe... But power to the people who do enjoy it. Just not my cup of tea.
I would request all the cats, that is it, just bring the cats, if they choose to stay in the oasis then great, just herd them for me.
a lot of reaction memes have sad contexts, especially invincible ones like "Think, Mark"
Honestly I get that but parents shouldn't outright destroy their dreams, if they want to be a youtuber someday I think you should support them. Soon enough their be drowning in bills so might as well let them have fun
I don't care. Its legal, they both agree to it, and whatever they are in the relationship for is their problem
Yeah and what I'm saying is more to do with the specifics of being able to trust scientists rather than if it's round or flat. Makes no difference to me if it's round or flat. Will have no bearing on my life whatsoever.
You can't do that in schools where you live now?
How
Candy Shop
I (21M) dated a chick 10 years older than me for a while. I would advise against it.   Things can seem awesome, and they may be, but with an age gap like that, you’re both in very different stages of your life. I’m just starting off, while she has kind of already established her place in life.   You’re likely going to have very different goals. I.e. for me, I wanted to have myself a good career in 5 years, start a family after that. She was concerned she wouldn’t be able to at that time.   So while it can be a lot of fun, there’s gonna be some complications, and you can be perfectly compatible as people, but it will likely be more complicated and stressful than a relationship between 2 people at a closer age/ maturity level.   That’s my 2 cents, take it with a grain of salt.
Democracy.
[The photographer](https://youtu.be/Sr7D6a5ZYzQ) by Pete Seeger.   It is not about photography.  Well... it is and it isn't.  He also did a song about [sour cream](https://youtu.be/tfabi8hSpRo)  that I think is actually about sour cream.  And yes, I'm old-ish. I turned 49 yesterday.
Cleaning the house while the kids are still growing is like shoveling the sidewalk while it's still snowing.
Healthcare in the US.
I mean, we watch movies and shows where the main characters are bad people. Art is the outlet you're supposed to use to express dark feelings, so you don't let them overcome you in real life.
Scared/Happy/Sad
....rational
Always turn the water off in the back of the John if you see the water rising. Psa for the day
Republicans
That would largely depend on your carrier. Different carriers take priority over cell towers.
Yes!!! This!!!   I learnt this after my ex husband over-flowed his sister’s toilet - we were visiting them in the US for the first time. Difficult way to find out how bad US plumbing is compared to NZ - poop, water and soggy loo paper everywhere!!! 💩🌊🧻 And to make it worse they had in-floor heating vents in every room, including the bathroom 🕳….. He was mortified!! His sister wasn’t phased at all - turns out he wasn’t the first or only person who’d done this and even helped him clean up (I was in fits of laughter - not why we’re divorced now).
I think around 2030 or 2040 we may get to colonizing mars, but other planets dont have as much resources as earth, we might have to travel millions of miles to find an inhabitable planet for us.
Forced apologies, I feel if it's better to explain and get them to understand others feelings than just force a word.
Standing in the exact spot I'm in
Vomiting is not a kink
Non sequitur  They don't have a mind
Silence
Who let the dogs out was a massive hit when I was younger.  We all knew the words we all would sing it at school, at home, all over.  I found out it’s about ugly girls at the bar… made me feel kind of bad about all those times I was singing it…
Not saying I’d actually do this but if one was invisible, it would be easier to launder money than to rob a bank. It often times goes unnoticed while robbing a bank would be prominent in news and such.
Food Pyramid. It’s a lie
Personal finance
Let's do some sport together, I need to get in shape and I don't want to do it alone.
Hoping humans
You gonna need them to put them back in
I saw a priest get mugged.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Basically most of Asia
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
....rational
Cross platform play, choice of game servers, Driving, Battle royale, Battle passes, Protesting  *Cross Platform Play:* People on console facing off against $3k gaming computers that are running 200+ FPS constantly and have such good graphics they can spot you from miles  *Choice of Game Servers:* Giving people ability to play on other servers, instead of having a server for NA, SA, EU, RU, AS, etc etc, is that now you see memes of *”When the guy with the enchanting table name joins your team”*, or when the Brazilians show up.  Gameplay is always a sweatfest of Brazilian players, Chinese players, and Korean players ruining it for others because they’re too good to the point where entire teams will be carried by them.  *Driving:* If you’re a good driver you know exactly what I mean. Driving exactly the speed limit, driving below the speed limit, blocking people from passing, intentionally going slow to piss people off, drunk driving, distracted driving, insurance fraud, speeding past stopped school buses, swerving through lanes, Not checking both ways, not checking blind spots. So many people do these things and cause accidents and pain for others. Makes driving a miserable experience.  *Battle Royale:* Used to be fun and enjoyable, used to be about managing resources and making sure to not get caught in the open, now it’s “haha crank 90s lolmaooo bad gg ez salty kid lol I did ur mom”  *Battle Passes:* Puts so many good features behind a pay wall, to increase profits for greedy corporations. Even if the quality of the game is shit.  *Protesting:* Used to have a meaning, many many years ago. Now it’s just the same, uneducated garbage being “forced” on others, a “peaceful” protest ending in rioter hell, looting businesses and causing havoc.  What happened to a good old March down a major street, with sings, drinks, in a shirt and shorts and sandals, trying to have someone understand you’re not happy? Why is now go out in masks and all black, then attack those who disagree and devolve into an angry riot?...
The fact that we are moving at millions of miles an hour and we will technically never visit the same place ever again
Reddit and it’s Mods.
i want somebody to eat my booty hole 🕳
GTA VI
https://www.alaskasnewssource.com/content/news/Hundreds-gather-for-Anchorage-rally-against-police-violence-570902611.html
My great grandmother's husband passed years before her. Her house always felt creepy, well he was a trucker and would be home every weekend. And just like clock work every Friday at 6 pm you'd hear the front porch creak, then after about 8 seconds you'd hear heavy boot steps on the kitchen floor. She started deteriorating on a Monday, she wanted to be home so the hospital let her go home, there was nothing they could do. She passed at 6:05 that Friday, her last words were to her daughter, "Don't cry, George is here to walk with me. The next Friday there were not boot steps, the house has now fallen silent with time. After she passed the house felt happier. Now I'm not a very spiritual person but I believe her husband waited for her
Why?
I can't understand this mentality. You're a tourist in the land too. We the people own our national parks. They have all the same right to it as you do.   It sounds like you're saying that you use it right but they use it wrong.... Or that you deserve it because you found it first.
41
No, we get one shot at a livable planet and when that goes, so do we. Any Mars colonization will be crushed by radiation and bad weather.
Sort by controversial to realize that racism, homophobia, and bigotry is still very much rampant in society! :)
The Mongols fought the Crusaders and the Samurais AT THE SAME TIME
Videogames  It was cool that it was becoming it's own sport in the competitive scenario, but now the majority of Multiplayer Games in the industry are online competitive games with a toxic range of players and the Singleplayer Games have become huge interactive movies (I'm looking at you TLoU2).  I just want to hand the extra controller to my buddy so we can turn off our brains and have fun, trying to solve puzzles in Lego Batman, pressing the kissing button in GTA San Andreas, or even commemorating after beating a Terraria boss...  God, i miss local multiplayer...
Every time someone makes a stupid fucking thread on Reddit.
A saturated moment of colors and pain.
Jawohl.
When they explained to me that while I would *eventually* be put into the job I applied for, interviewed for, and was hired for, that first I would spend "some time" in this *other* position which was entirely commission-based outside sales.
Spongebob, Pokémon
I literally don't have cash on me anymore when i go out. For my travel I use Presto card for public transport, and everything else is with my phone.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presto_card
Talk about getting a gym membership together so you have an excuse to spend more time together. If you wanna actually tell them, don't. You will sound like a piece of shit no matter what. I tried to say something to a previous partner about how I was concerned about his health because he was gaining a lot of weight very quickly. Got dumped for being concerned.
ThunderCats, The Littles, Reading Rainbow!!
I hate where I live and need to make more money so I can focus on my passion.
I agree, but one quick note:  Anti-vax folks tend to ***flout*** (ignore or disregard) peer-reviewed science, but they ***flaunt*** (show off) facebook misinformation.
Forcing my victims to watch me play on their mains and intentionally throwing.
If it's below the state average it's a bargain.
Stop spicy Cheetos ever being made.  I know.   I'm an animal.
I's say 100 years for colonization, 500 for teramorphing to become a possibility.  Let's hope we clean up by then.
Wasn’t me
Kailua Beach
I’ve used the way back machine to look at old Grim Fandango fan sites that have since disappeared. It’s great for that.
Bluray has much higher resolution and bitrate/quality compared to DVD. Definitely worth it.
China?
Cleveland Clinic?
funny numbers
I once saw a homeless woman with a dead baby in her stomach at the DMV. I asked someone who worked there what was wrong with her stomach, and they said they’ve watched her come in over a few months and the lump getting worse. Was sagging below the belt. Truly awful.
Sushi is gross
"Goodbye My Lover" by Gabriella
Excitement for tomorrow
Hell yeah brother!!!
Wondering what inspired it hehe
Gender fluidity or that there are more than 2 genders. This is very damaging to teach little kids.
Use a tissue gently from left to right. Alternatively, use a sleeve. Bam! Perfectly clean nose.
> Led Zeppelin, Queen  These are Gen X bands, man. Queen released their last (studio, non-bestof)album in 1996. The Beatles will be like the Ink Spots, still culturally relevant when all the people who saw them are dead.  > The last major Elvis reference I can think of  [Bladerunner 2049 anyone?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6_DT_HIFN0)
Territory conflict. That makes sense
Target! I'd get some munchies along with that big new TV , bikes, xbox or PS5 etc.
I got born into a cult. Yeah...
Ahh somebody doesnt know about gift card SOP that virtually all major stores follow.  The most you would be able to do is about 2 grand. They do this to curb scams. At Best Buy we regularly get elderly customers coming in trying to put thousands upon thousands onto a gift card. When we ask them why its usually the same variation of a scam that comes up often.
It feels very predatory
Prpsi
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don't see it. A flaccid circumcised dick just looks like a mushroom to me :P  Plus you can see the head in a lot of uncut guys when they are erect.
Throwing stuff when angry, just breaks your shit, does nothing but make you look a twat, and scares others.
that kid who really likes knots
came here to make the EXACT SAME comment. the SAME EXACT one!  sheesh! great minds flock together i guess!
Faze Jev, watched every single video from when he had around 20k subs - still doing relatively the same thing as he was before
Let me guess you did?  And if you did what did it cost?
Interesting combination.
1979 was to 1995 (when The Smashing Pumpkins released the single, often praised at the time as a nostalgia-fueled song) as 2005 is to today.
i dont, at least not fast
Preferably with tissue
>Usually I focus on twitching my fingers and eventually my body "snaps" out of it. Then I switch positions and can fall asleep normally.  This is so weird reading, it's one of those experiences I know other people have, but also feel so isolated in. I twitch my fingers and toes, then eventually the top parts of my hands and feet, and eventually I get a little rocking going with my body. It feels like an eternity, but probably only takes a full minute before I burst up in bed. Then I can just roll onto my other side and fall asleep. My poor husband =(
Globus does that - super time saver.
Nope, chuck testa
What song wasn't dirty when I was a kid? Be a shorter list.
Babe it’s time for us to start doing outdoor thangs together
Kenta Miyake (Japanese VA for All Might in My Hero Academia), dude literally passed out during his VA session for the fight against All for One   Plus, my personal opinion is that the emotion and power he imbued in his voice throughout the series was incredible
Barbie girl
Every time you move your eyes, your brain freezes the nerve signal untill the eye stops moving again and the brain unfreezes the image. If this funktion didn't exist we would see the world from akin to *very* shaky camera.  Try moving your eye and pay attention; Can you actually see your eye move until it stops moving?
Recess, Spongebob Squarepants, Rugrats Animaniacs
*niche porn
Don't
Talk about getting a gym membership together so you have an excuse to spend more time together. If you wanna actually tell them, don't. You will sound like a piece of shit no matter what. I tried to say something to a previous partner about how I was concerned about his health because he was gaining a lot of weight very quickly. Got dumped for being concerned.
Went to field party in the middle of the night with my then-boyfriend and his coworkers/acquaintances. Walked up to a group standing in a circle drinking moonshine. Pretty normal. Listened to a couple of guys discuss how easy and fun it was to rob Subways sandwich shops for an easy couple hundred bucks. I didn’t know any of these people and basically did the Homer Simpson melt into the bushes (but in a cornfield).
I assume the mind reader, seeing the future is extremely finicky, so without precise boundaries I put no faith in him.
That would be ironic.
"When's the last time we went to the doctor for a physical?"       "We should both go."       \*Discuss results, including BMI\*
That hurts my soul. I don't know who you are, but you deserve love and I proclaim that love from my heart to yours. Stay strong and remember that anyone that would hate you for your skin is no one that is worth wasting thoughts on.
Widower decides to implant seed into someone elses mind so that he can return back to his kids.
Candy
I can't understand this mentality. You're a tourist in the land too. We the people own our national parks. They have all the same right to it as you do.   It sounds like you're saying that you use it right but they use it wrong.... Or that you deserve it because you found it first.
It also causes a lot more development in those places. Buildings, paved walk ways, etc. I go to parks to get away from that crap.
Roughly 1 368 750 species of plant, fungi, or animal.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bloodhound Gang - Bad Touch  Anything really from Bloodhound Gang
Interesting combination.
Yet mind gaps still often think about the thigh gap
The correct answer is Clefairy.
God I hope it's me
Large spaces devoted to parking cars. Changing habits will mean more dropping off points and very short term parking rather than parking for multiple hours.
You can buy anything you want without leaving your bed
I can speak for all of us: stampylongnose/face
Zero.....I  just feel lucky to not feel unhappy.  That to me would be a good day
I came here to comment this. I still listen to this song to this day, it’s an absolute banger
Do it inside the toilet
Meat, freedom of speech, plastic, sugar
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
Code name kids next door, time squad. Wulan warriors lol. Lots of cartoon network.
slap bang in the middle 43.
I had two packs of pens, one was fine tip and the other was a bit thicker. I had to replace them once at school because I'd let people borrow them for the class and never get them back, or they'd be ruined. When I got the replacement packs I refused to let anyone else use them, and I still have them now at 25. All in perfect condition.  I also lost pencils, writing pens, sharpeners and rubbers (erasers) just by letting someone borrow it in a lesson and they'd either keep it or give it to someone else. Nah, if that's how you treat things loaned to you, you don't get loans again.
Our technology, think about it, people in 1921 would not understand or be able to use the stuff we have today, imagine people in 2121 using the technology we have now.
Unzip your pants and show me your package you dirty delivery boy, let me bend over and show you my letter "box". Fuck the macaroons they're in the way, the crumbly ass holes, I'll push them deep into the table with my fists as you shove yourself into my spine and send me to planet orgazmus
I would ride a cute villager with dope-ass music playing then post it online for fame
Not okay
**Get an $200 Amazon gift card for free.** [Just click](https://cutt.ly/OEQ1uwv) **the link and submit your email and be the lucky winner.**   [Click Here](https://cutt.ly/OEQ1uwv)
To 'turn the other cheek' to your bullies. Instead teach them to know when to stand up against certain people so that they aren't a doormat in certain situations. Standing up for yourself ofcourse doesn't apply everywhere since some situations ask for you to "be the bigger person" and walk away to avoid conflicts. However, i think sometimes people need a good whack because it's never okay to let someone cross your boundaries. Confidence and self efficacy is just a bonus perk along the way.
Fail as many people's no nut November as possible
Talk about getting a gym membership together so you have an excuse to spend more time together. If you wanna actually tell them, don't. You will sound like a piece of shit no matter what. I tried to say something to a previous partner about how I was concerned about his health because he was gaining a lot of weight very quickly. Got dumped for being concerned.
A car steering wheel. I’m screwed
been able to tell other how "privileged" they are
Interesting combination.
Nah man it was definitely conceivable.  Star Trek came up with the idea in 1960s and the first "stream" from one machine to another was in like 1991 IIRC.  I think it was just a UDP connection so the quality was shit but they've been thinking about it for a while.
limited too era. snapchat era. dance songs era. and now i’m having an existential crisis
Whats an ECE?
And I always though it was harsh for them to be in jail hahaha
The best way I can explain this to people in their 30s is imagine what you were like when you were 19.  I was a university student who drank and played video games on the weekends when I wasn't stressed with studies and what the fuck I was going to do after graduation.  Compare this to my 30s where things just kind of weirdly made sense with my career now really taking off where I now have my own car, my own place plus have to now think of finances instead of how to beat Rock Band 2's endless playlist.  I don't think I can relate to a 19 year old now, that's all.  Hence the "mind gap".
Long story but...I was at walmart and I saw this license plate that said "IM2A2BD" and I was like what the heck so I, being the weird person I am with no boundaries, left a note on their windshield with my number and asked them to explain. The next morning I woke up to a text that said "I am too alive to be dead. I used to have cancer and now I'm cancer free. Have a great day!" And I just thought it was the coolest thing ever and it reminded me that sometimes we take life for granted. There are people out there who don't get much of a chance at life but the rest of us? We live more of a life than anyone and we don't even care. I wish I appreciated life as much as this dude. Like he/she could've died from cancer a while back but here they are sitting here loving life and telling ME to have a great day. I don't even know this persons name but they made my day. And kinda opened my eyes. Since then, I've tried living my life in such a way where I am just too damn alive to be dead.
Danger music. Its extreme punk and you are in real danger if you see a live performance.
I used to watch xJawz and SnDforDummies religiously when Black Ops 1 came out
E v e
Why?
More or less? Being with 5 women at once
>Land lines  Outside of special applications such as automated fire alarm systems, I haven't seen a landline in 15-20 years.   >cable TV (total satellite by then)  Yeah, I sincerely doubt that satellite tv is what will be taking over cable tv.    More likely streaming.   >meat will probably still exist but down a good 50%  Meat will definitely exist. We are literally made from meat.   But I get your point, and I agree that we will likely eat a lot less meat in ten years.   >Gasoline vehicles.  They will definitely be around. The question is, will anyone still make them? In less developed areas they will still be useful, so probably yes.
The Baby Boomer generation of the USA
Trust me, it's not worse. Plus it was her child I think that "saw" the things. This just mutes the lights, and leaves you not feeling so vulnerable
Hopefully, we will stop eating animals
Tax avery show. I think that what it was called
How much really then
Alcremie or slurpuff You psychopaths
German waterbed prank.  https://youtu.be/mvRPeBDnEr8
pretty sure it's toxic and gross but keep telling yourself it's not because it's socially acceptable right now
Nonstop whenever I have little to nothing to do. Evening in bed? Always.
I’m 24 dating a 32 almost 33 year old and as close as we are I do notice an age gap , it’s cool for me to be with an older woman however if I were the one in my 30s im not sure if I’d want a girl that much younger than me
Baby Boomers
"I'll have you know-"
Legend Of Korra, the sequel series to Avatar: The Last Airbender. I'd highly recommend both if you haven't watched it yet.
Magic Stick by 50 Cent….I thought it was about baseball. I asked for it to be played at the elementary school skate night and the teacher told my parents.
dubai. very few people live there, and covid fucked up the tourism industry everywhere
Food
Came to say Facebook but yeh, this.
How could you think maxwells silver hammer is about anything else?
Nice one piece reference
 i don’t actually know lol
Very Saw like.
Oh thank you, makes sense
Since i grew up in austria not being able to speak english fluidly until i was 14.  Every song ever created by "the Bloodhound gang"
Alcremie or slurpuff You psychopaths
It’s always women cheating with better looking dudes because they only worry about what their child will look like. Sexy son complex 1979.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexy_son_hypothesis
I am a person with simple tastes, so I would settle with a top of the line EV.
Yikes! I hope you laugh about it now.
I used to love Jayden Wale, or his sub Hunter😅 seethe odd video now & then. Also Supermac18 was funny af
When my maternal granddad was dying of lung cancer, he was severely abused by his carer - his own daughter. She hit him. She screamed at him. She threatened him. This poor, lovely man was frail and afraid and in so much pain, and she tortured him in his last years. She did this because she wanted his house, and she wanted his money when he died.  One day when we were visiting him in the hospital, days before he passed, and that's when the abuse came to light. At one point during our visit, he had a minor argument with the bitch, and she stomped out of the room. He looked visibly afraid of her, and cried at one point. I was too young to notice or remember any of this, but it must have been heartbreaking for my mum and my older sisters seeing this man in that state. I remember him being funny and warm and kind, and all my sisters see him in the same light, but amplified 100x. I never really knew him, but he's remembered as such a good soul.  Afaik, she never got the money she wanted. She also never got the house. That went to my parents.  As far as I'm aware, my mum and one of her sisters is still in contact with the psychotic bitch. The youngest was a daddy's girl and she fell into a severe depressive episode when her father passed. I think she was the only good daughter of the bunch. His death hit her hard.
Oh no
After rinsing it off first, get an old newspaper and just rub it real hard. Bam! Perfect windows!
Today’s batch of anti-vaxxers, if Darwin has anything to say over it.
There is a chemistry professor at the University of Illinois that for some reason had a Pokemon cookbook on his website.       http://www.scs.illinois.edu/suslick/pokemon.html
Yeah gigacorporations like that seem likely
Watching my country ripping itself apart, got lead on by the only person I ever truly trusted, my cat who was as close to a child as I’ll ever get I had to make the choice to put down to stop his suffering, watched other people who were supposed to be my friends slowly drift away and not give a shit
Damn I kept looking for that
Me.
The NFL
Alimony
My gf at the time and I would go on dates and sit in the arrivals terminals at the airport and watch families reunite at the gate.  It always put us in a good mood
Or there should have been a sign..
I was the new office girl and they literally had no idea who I was or why I was there. They said “don’t worry, we’ll find something for you to do.”  I quit that afternoon.
Foot/feet fetishes tbh. I’ve never understood the appeal of feet
57?
water hose. Toilet paper fans fucking suck.
Don’t forget that most of the stars and sun would red shift as well.
Marriage
He knows too much. Terminate him
GTA glitches
You thought it was Innocent? She literally says sex in the song like 10 times lol
1. Check if water is available and the faucet is working 2. Check if there's enough handwash available
Exactly. Would be nice to just get the sport channels
I used to love Jayden Wale, or his sub Hunter😅 seethe odd video now & then. Also Supermac18 was funny af
Politics
Judgemental republicans.
Who does it Belong to?
Mine is Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Toyota Supra BTC
Parent of the year award.
I feel as if the whole movement just became super toxic. It was for burn victims or people with sh scars and also bigger and skinnier people, but it started to form to be for only bigger people. After that it just went to shit
what do you do with your junk while you poop..? lmfao I've always wondered
And close enough. 45.
"My Sharona" it's about masturbating.
Well if you combine it with Pool Toy Transformation, it makes a lot more sense.
The meme that started it all, All Your Base.
Dubai
~~of~~ for the children
That’s just fucked, yo.
bath water
>I love spicy food! But I don't like to sacrifice flavor for heat.  I feel like the hotter it is, the more flavorful it is but I hate hot foods.
Start teaching them that their gender is determined by their genitalia.
Also Star Citizen
You
Sweet gods that explains the religious iconography everywhere, you guys need the luck lol
:( I didn't mean it
Tomato is a fruit. THAT’S A FACT
what
Well that was interesting
Wax on wax off
Don't block it
Was he Hispanic?
Gaming.
54?
Erm.......
I’m assuming he means moby dick obsession type story
Barbie girl by Aqua
Nudes of people I know.
Human civilization
Sudno, by Molchat doma, I really did tbh
a person after my own heart
Virtue Signaling has always been part of marketing, it is literally what marketing means. A cigarette ad from 70 years ago shows you how healthy their cigarettes are and that doctors recommend them, thats already signaling the virtue that not only the cigarettes are healthy, but that you, as a consumer of said brand, are someone who cares about health, which you show by obviously chosing them as your cigarette brand, signaling to everybody else your virtue of healthiness.
A couple years ago, I used to live out in the middle of nowhere. At the time I also had a coworker who was an older gentleman and really loved movies. We would chat about them and swap recommendations. He told me that he would drive an hour to the closest GEO on the weekends to rent DVDs and return his old ones. I recommended that he look into Netflix and Amazon Prime Video because he could watch whatever he wanted during the week and save time and gas money. He told me he couldn't do it because he didn't have a computer at home, didn't have a smartphone and didn't even have an internet connection at home. The only time he used the internet was at work.   Obviously there is a generational aspect to this and I feel like people my age and younger use streaming about as much as they do back in the US.  But I have always gotten the impression that the older generations here have been pretty slow to adopt technology compared to the US. I don't think that they're in immediate threat of closing down.  But at least when this new generation of ipad kids become adults, these places are going to struggle to get them to start paying for their service.
That boys and girls can’t be friends, and any other heteronormative garbage narrative really.
Russia is the happier country in the world?  Wait, do you people still have that "smuggling cheese" thing.
UPS
Humans.
Oh my god people love doing this, friends and family. You start making some horrible out of character mistake, like getting into a toxic relationship or developing an addiction or whatever, and everyone’s like “if you don’t change, we’re CUTTING YOU OFF” and they pat themselves on the back for being “responsible” or whatever.   Everyone abandoned me when I got severely depressed and couldn’t function. It was rarely explicitly (not never) stated, but I was labeled as “lazy.” I was the most sick, physically and mentally, I have ever been in my life. Everyone bailed and treated me like I was being an asshole, especially because I turned to booze at times and had a tendency to drink myself into oblivion whenever I got too close to actually just shooting myself. But just being sad and not showering or eating and isolating myself was enough for my family and the majority of my friends to label me as… some sort of bitch?   Like I was so, so, so lonely and sick, and everyone acted like I was terrible for feeling this way. I internalized that nobody cared about me and they seemed to want me to suffer.   Years later I broke my arm, the dumbest, most trivial injury, and suddenly everyone was there for me, and acting like mother fucking Theresa with their generosity. It was my left, non dominant arm, a sliver of the pain and compromise I had experienced with depression.   This entire experience changed me. It’s been about 5 years, but I’m pretty positive I’ll never forget. I just can’t see people the same way I used to. And now it’s like my oxytocin receptors or whatever are fried. I just can’t gain new genuine connections with people because I trust no one anymore.
Meat
    This thread is archived    New comments cannot be posted and votes cannot be cast       Sort By: Best       level 1    \[deleted\]    ·    5y    This is local. There is a company that owns several hospitals in my area. They used to feed us (the ambulance crews) for free when we were on shift. You could eat at the cafeteria of take a sandwich to go or whatever. It was decent food, and hey, you're saving money right?       Well one guy started coming in with his uniform on when he was off work and grabbing sandwiches and chips and drinks, you name it. Lots of it. Basically grocery shopping in the hospital cafeteria and taking it home with him. Needless to say the hospital decided it wasn't going to supply us with food for our off days so they stopped it altogether.       I'll never understand why people will ruin a good thing.
Peace was one of the original. It was Economics that was added later, and that isn't technically a Nobel prize.
Kesha - TiK ToK
/remindme25years
Hell yeah man, have fun while you can!
The mind reader would be one step ahead if the other could only see one future at a time.
You've confused Reddit's Post function for PornHub's search bar. [here you go](https://pornhub.com)
I'd need a new player to play Blu ray, while the discs have almost universally been 30% more expensive or more.  If I *really* want something worth that extra cost, maybe, but that's a lot of cost for slight benefit.
In my city they actually built new pay phones.  Wheelchair accessible and touchscreen the whole shabang.  I have never once seen anyone use them in the last 4 months of operation.  They are just used for advertisements.
If you just want calories, couldn’t they just have like candy or something? I’m not a nutritionist so this is a legitimate question, it just seems dumb to eat something as unhealthy as pizza if you don’t want to.
Radiation poisoning. Also yes, I know it's misspelled
Slowpoke. I bet he tastes best slow cooked.
One of Elon's boring machines.
There wasn't. I walked out without notice.   It was too fucking hot and the chemicals gave me a headache.
Foot/feet fetishes tbh. I’ve never understood the appeal of feet
I’m trying everyday tho.
Flush the toilet
Perfectly right
Greasetrap.
It is actually possible (common, even) and 100% valid to have very mild cases of OCD, and they aren't hard to self-diagnose. Just because somebody doesn't take medication or hasn't been diagnosed, doesn't mean they don't have it.
I don't see really the point why not.   If people are in love age doesn't matter when you're adult. If there is a mind gap and both sides have different thinking it will be a hard relationship but there's not always a mind gap. It's hard to explain for me because I'm not that good at English but basically sometimes people at the age of 19 can be more mature than older people and can have the mind of a 30 year old.   Basically if it's true love there should be nothing stopping them.
Probably a better chance of the false vacuum happening in our life time instead of having a black hole big enough to fuck our solar system just showing up.
what do you do with your junk while you poop?
goy
For Gallipoli it should be the confusion of finding unmanned guns firing
I hadn't experienced sleep paralysis for most of my life but I had heard things about it, so one day I set out to artificially induce it. I succeeded and it wasn't so bad... but now... but now it happens on its own sometimes and it is fucking terrifying.
It's all fun and games till some shade tree mechnic wires his subs to the 72+ volt  electric system  instead of the 12 volt
The human race
Chocolate
Bruh, how do you not remember the Minkas? Minkatello, Minkalangelo, Minkanardo, and Raphael.... Even I'm not crazy enough to fuck with Raphs name. Lol
Valid!!!
I agree. My parents are good friends with a couple with a 20 yr age difference and they’ve been married for over 20 yrs and still going strong. They got married when the guy was 50 and the woman was 30. It is a pretty large gap, but they were both old and mature enough to be able to maintain a healthy relationship. I really doubt their relationship would’ve worked out if they got together when he had been 40 and she was 20.
Bitcoin
Knowledge 🧠
I guess I'd be on the unpopular side, but aside from nostalgia, isn't it better some of the internet dies if the content creators don't want it active? It makes them no money and also helps scrub stuff like revenge porn. It's always been ra ra the Internet is forever don't put anything out you don't want seen. I didn't think I'd cheer some of it scrubbing away, much like most of us. But in general if we wanted it to stay, we'd host it. Think of the countless weird shit you did in the my Space/MSN/AIM era. Sometimes stuff is just not worth preserving.
That's a bit like flexing a car that you rented on borrowed money for the weekend.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
luigi
Not on the extreme area but the mommy/daddy and the step bro/sis/mom/dad kink. Idk. It makes me cringe...
So much space though.. Why not store it all on hard drives?
death by anal?
Condom, and the package but it looked new
When I was 21, a brass band played “happy birthday” to me. I didn’t expect it, and it was so cool.
what do you do with your junk while you poop?
Foot/feet fetishes tbh. I’ve never understood the appeal of feet
Ho. Lee. Shit.
Living
Nickleby, Sparks or Romanoff...
Humans
Alec Baldwin!!! legendary as the narrator in royal tennenbaums
Rubber gloves, gas mask and some strong declogging agent.
I can't say if he has the same job but I do know an FBI agent who works in the sex crimes division. He's one of the few people willing to handle child porn cases because sometimes they have to watch violent videos of children being raped or tortured. Average person last under 30 days. He's done it for the last 15 years.   The perks are really good though. He unofficially gets unlimited time off for mental health days and unlimited counseling for life. As long as he checks in with his boss a couple times a day and answers some basic questions he can just wake up and decide to no go to work that day, or even in one case that week. The only thing is if he takes more than a day off they'll start doing welfare checks multiple times a day.   He absolutely hates his job but sees it as his civic duty to save children.
humans
That’s just fucked, yo.
Covid  👁️👄👁️
dafaq
Had to unscrew a towel rack rod to break up the shit at a friends house, cause it was too big to go down, and that's all there was to use. Definitely poop knife in the future. Should be stocked like plungers. I wiped the rack rod down good before re-screwing.
Scissors
Astro boy and the amazing world of gumball
Not on the extreme area but the mommy/daddy and the step bro/sis/mom/dad kink. Idk. It makes me cringe...
Ren and Stimpy
In the bathroom.
Beast Wars, Reboot, Pokémon, digimon, yu gi oh
Fyi, bottled water does go bad after a while. Open a bottle then leave it out. After a while it gets an awful stench.   I'm sure bowling it and the evaporate/drop system would probably with to clean it again though.
It's creepy
Arthur
90 year old's
Not on the extreme area but the mommy/daddy and the step bro/sis/mom/dad kink. Idk. It makes me cringe...
Deutschland.
It also depends if it was clogged previously and recently used. The person prior to him may have not out any solids so it could have appeared fine but in reality it wasn't draining well to begin with. Also people can adjust the volume in the tank to the point where that level doesn't require much displacement.
My first relationship.
My “sleep paralysis demon “ has always been a figure in a WWII gas mask and black trench coat.  The first few times were terrifying.  Since then I’m just happy to see ‘em cuz know I’m actually going to get some sleep.  (I’ve only had a few mornings incidences. Most are as I’m drifting off.)
I am not a bad person, but I think like one. The first iteration of any plan I have is wholly self serving. I hate charity work and feel like I unintentionally manipulate people in to doing what I want. It's a sort of cognitive dissonance where my actions are very kind, I try my best to ensure that, but my thoughts tend to be very amoral and insensitive towards others.
Paper moon
holy fuck lol
After falling in love, then comes long lasting love or bitterness
I use to watch "ADoseofBuckley" daily. Their content became stale to me, so I stopped watching maybe 3 years ago. I recently remembered about "ADoseofBuckley" and they've since gained a significant amount of followers but I won't be re-subscribing. Same with "tim delaghetto" and "superegggo"
The people.
i don’t have one because other people’s relationships are none of my business
Smooshed bananas and gold fish. SO GOOD.
can't learn if you dont try and make mistakes
I'd buy mom a house, she currently lives with my dad and they are getting a divorce but they can't afford to live apart from each other. My dad is a POS and has done many awful things and is only worsening his behavior. The first thing I would buy would be a house for my mom so she never has to deal with him
I'm idiot
30
Whipped cream and jam in a tortilla
I don't think they could have beaten Britain. Sure they had greater land forces but Britain had a better airforce and navy. It would have been a long war, maybe even a stalemate but Britain would be a perpetual thorn in the side of Nazi Germany.  We forgot that Britain was a global super power at the time.
Depends on the individual.
Run!
The hell did I just read
EVERYTIME I see this exact question it's while I'm listening to something.  Anyway, The Modern Things. I'm listening to Post a lot for some reason.
dead poets society
A lighter. The pilot lights on my stove and hot water heater go out all the time
Quora -  Marketers ruined it by backlinking to their shitty articles. Every category became an affiliate marketing space for these people.
/r/dragonsfuckingcars
Perhaps they may exist but not as big as nowadays. Diesel cars will probably also exist but will become super rare.
Paper money
As a kid I was a big fan of old Scooby Doo series. I watched all the episodes so many times... All but one. There was this episode with this creepy humanoid cat creature, I saw it once and never watched the episode again. I was like 6 or 7 years old and this cat creature scared the shit out of me.
Nickleby, Sparks or Romanoff...
Literally same! Even though I tried working on it all of Saturday. Let me know if talking about it privately would help!
I'm honestly not trying to put you on the spot, you said you don't believe in the flat Earth and I honestly take that at face value. But you are seeming claiming that you can't trust scientists who publish findings that the earth is a globe because people who finance them have an agenda. Let's assume most if not all scientists are just in it for a buck. Who stands to gain from pushing the narrative that the earth is a globe over a disk.    What I'm saying has more to do with the specifics of globe over disk. Not weather you can trust scientists or not in general.  I'm really just curious about why anyone would do that.
Ah, yeah okay I’m terrible at that part too… but I’m just as bad at phone tag, so I prefer texting.  Different strokes, but I get it.  And I appreciate my close friends who do make an effort to call.  In any case, just wanted to share my experience.
Roasted nuts (almonds, cashews, peanuts, etc.) dipped in hot sauce. Almonds with sriracha are a surprisingly good combo.
And? You gonna pay Google to host those videos you free loader?
Kratom
That would be bad, unless you apply to a butcher
Also because too many shitty things have been said and done in the name of “patriotism”.  It doesn’t mean what it used to.
Ohhhhh  Like if I bought a wife, but her father expected me to not want her, except when i do want her it is found out that she was also sold to others. And then we stone the father and the whore.  But seriously, thanks for the explanation.
Pretty much never
Freedom.
You're joking. I live in the pnw and there's so much available your just not going far enough in
Cash Routers Cellphones Plastic Radio
Caspar the Friendly Ghost
Being forced to stand on the main street corner of town having to wear a sign board of your crime.
They did it’s a very famous Reddit post where everyone commented on burners
Non-self driving cars
She didn't know what to do with her life yet. But we were young. She was so intelligent and gifted. I assumed she'd eventually have this amazing career. I thought of her as above the job I was doing.
You're a liar and this is exactly what I'm talking about. It says by the slaves from the heathen around you. Indentured servitude is wrong too but that isn't what this is. You can pass these people on to your children as property. You can beat them.  You are so warped and this is a perfect example of why it needs to go. A grown arse man defending assault and slavery. Go and fully fuck yourself.
For most cases, it sounds like a fucking terrible idea.   On one hand we got someone who has potentially just left their home for the first time to study and try this freedom of living on your own. They're about to discover that toilet paper costs money and cleaning takes a lot more than just five minutes if you wish to keep your flat presentable. Do I like to party? Have I been able to even express my fashion sense and find my style while living at home? What are my actual interests now that I'm out of the highschool clique and popularity based system and into the world where you as a personality are a bigger factor in how popular you are, rather than who you hang out with?  On the other, someone who potentially has done all that shit and has figured out a groove that they'll likely stay for the rest of their lives. Jobs possibly turned into a career. House? Bought on a loan. Finances? Everything is on auto-payment. Every Friday is chicken-wing night, laundry done on Thursday for the week.  A 19 year old might not have anything figured out in their lives. It's a safer bet than that they do. For a 30 year old, the opposite is true. After two years the then-19-year-old might be a completely different person, whereas the 30 year old is likely to change very little, at least in comparison.  I don't really care about the age-gap as such - Wife being 10 years older than me after all. It's the age of the younger person in the relationship. Rarely does anyone over 30 see 20-year-olds as nothing more than fucking kids anymore. Most - if not all - people thinking back to their twenties just see a fucking idiot, fumbling around. Someone they'd love to smack some sense into.   Not someone they'd see as a date.
Anyone know how I can print faster?! It’s taking ages for my inkjet to print all these pages!
I'm sure I know the song lol. O just usually don't listen to the words
Excitement for tomorrow
Women that love me :(
I'm lonely a drunk and drug dependent now
the planet haha lol
So scary, I can see why so many people want to emigrate
Rolly-Pollie Ollie and Stanly and the great big book of everything
> Payphones  Where do you live?
Joe Biden.
Sex.
Pidgey, Spearow, Miltank
This is for little girls mostly, but you don’t have to be polite all the time. There will come times in life when you might have to hurt someone’s feelings (breaking up with someone, declining someone’s advances, etc.), and that’s okay.
As a Best Buy employee, two things. One, good luck finding a Best Buy with even one in stock or available for order let alone 30.  Secondly, we limit the amount one customer can buy. We would not let you buy 30.
It's the little things that give you the most happiness. When I see 69 written somewhere, i whisper to myself "nice", and crack a little smile. This simple thing can elevate my mood a lot, and can distract me from the pain that comes with existing for just a minute.  I don't really like 420 though, because I don't like weed or anything it has to do with.
That they have to make mom and dad proud.
didn't matter because I already cut it short. I just cut it shorter. Nothing is more emasculating than a guy desperately clinging to his last few hairs.
Coz it is banned in my country.
listening
Close but not yet. Your guess work makes me feel as if I'm already there.
30
48?
Abockers
Listening to lady writer while high on a beach
Gasoline
I forget
Deifantly good to have ur ideals be heard and ur opinions. I like to listen to other ppls stuff while still keeping in mind how the other party would feel.
Thankfully, I have never heard the actual song, so I am immune!
Self confidence
The fucking asshole that let covid out of a lab, if that's what happened.
The internet.  I miss being a lonesome nerd meeting great people via forums and having quality content. Google was great at the time.   Now it's just YouTube, social networks, and ADS.  God, internet is becoming TV 2.0 and it sucks.
What for?
We eat hotdogs, French fries, and hamburgers.  Seems like the more known one, considering many countries have "American" versions of their own food.  Italians putting French fries and hotdogs on a pizza and calling it "American Pizza"  It probably tastes pretty good, but... it's just so weird and funny. Wtf lmao.  Italians got their cowboy movies too.  They assume America is a bunch of people with guns fighting Indians in Texas. Which is why we got cowboy movies.
But… I kept him in the fridge!!! 😭😭😭
Is peace and valuing relationships a possible alternative?
Polar ice caps
Finishing school and choosing a completely different field of work unrelated to what you learned and spent money on
Rain !
you did the right thing, now tell her that my wife says if she just says Hi to him every day and asks how his day was - some day when they are older and it actually matters, he will most likely marry her and have a couple kids...... 😉
Ditto
I have and it was fun and sketch as hell. Dude was a welder and slapped together a little bicycle pedal and free fall powered two-hump circular coaster. I'd go to the gym if it had one of those.
They’re not night shift workers lol
happened at a Chinese buffet that I used to go to a lot and they told me I could just pay the next time that I am there
I disagree.
It's all fun and games until someone else realizes this and plans a post-work orgy while you're taking the Browns to the Superbowl.
H
Premier adult factory outlet! Takes you where you wanna go! *fun whistle tune*  It was my favorite commercial jingle on the radio and I’d sing it proudly while my mom drove…… found out a couple years later it was an advertisement for an adult store…
Me
Ditto
Caso Cerado is all staged. All this time I thought the reactions were all genuine but they’re not unfortunately
I've never thought about it in this way. Do you care to elaborate/recommend reading material on the topic?
The golden shower. Dry humping. Sex with out foreplay.
Aww, lookit him. Hes trying so hard.
It happened in Monterey
> without realizing that at any second the US could declare outright war on a country and every man in the country 18+ could be drafted to fight.  Not really. Not only does the US have a large enough standing army of volunteers to fight essentially any war (so much so that the majority of people conscripted would be turned away anyway) but it would be political suicide for any president or congress that actually declared a draft.  > So yea, the government has always had control over you.  The Supreme Court ruling that was used as precedent for vaccine mandates was also used as precedent for forced sterilization of minorities and the mentally ill.
Are sure the building is not haunted? How can you cope with that white noise if you feel the urge at 9pm? I would literally shit in my pants...
And when you hear them yell “help!!!” you walk in to see them cutting up the rug to sweep the shards up.
Ditto can taste like anything
You only live once but don't do anything stupid.
Abokers
I have bones that don't want to break. That seems nice, but bones heal in 3 to 6 months fairly easily. Destroying tendons is a surgery with arthritis in 20 years.   I fell massively and while my bones didn't break, my ACL did and my MCL was massively torn and my LCL was pulled. A break would have been 3 to 6 months. Now, I am expected to have arthritis in my knee by the time I am 40.
Excitement for tomorrow
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
How?
Same thing I do in any pool, pee in it.
That helps me understand the other comments you’ve posted… thank you for sharing
When i was 14 i stood up to a kid that used to bully me at the time and i got my ass beat while all the kids were laughing and filming. I actually forgot a lot of 8th grade because the experience was so horrendous.
Blockchain. Every video is stamped with a block of data and it can never be faked without destroying the chain of blocks that have come after it.
like four different dances
I'm with you on this. I just don't care to make a fuck ton more money. I don't think I'd even be comfortable with a salary of $200,000 a year. I'd probably just stash 2/3s of it away. And it would almost guarantee that I work well over 40hrs a week to achieve such a status. I'd rather be comfortable and have free time than be a slave to my job and be a millionaire.
I disagree, the fact that we are able to see the negative effects of our actions during the span of a human lifetime is strong evidence showing that the damage is increasing at an exponential rate. I’d say 300 years top.
His insides have been pickled for decades.  3 way race to immortality between him, Betty White, and The Queen.  My money is on Richards.
Pharmaceutical manufacturing. Bob Vance is ruining the industry
The golden shower. Dry humping. Sex with out foreplay.
These particular Covid vaccines.
Quantity over quality. It's the American way!
I bought a mens lifestyle magazine for the first time in years, and was struck by how many adverts there were, and how expensive the magazine was (£7).  Probably 1 page of actual content for 5 pages of adverts.
Rest.   It’s also my favorite pastime.
👏🏽Never forget
Half your age plus 7 is minimum. So 22 for a 30yo. Casual sex is ok though.
It depends on what your skills are (or can be, if you're willing to work at it/practice) and what you consider to be "a lot of money."  Programmers and other tech fields make "a lot of money" (in the $100k range), but their bosses make *more* money. Do you have the skills to be a manager-type though?  The best "money" comes from starting your own successful business and then getting bought out by a bigger competitor, again like all those tech companies.  Or be a pro athlete and get paid millions!  Again, it depends mostly on your skills. What are you good at? And how can you get paid to do it?
I was 21 when I met my now husband who was 43 at the time. So I don't see a problem with it as long as you are both consenting adults.   We've been married 16 years now.
I actually own a pretty collectors edition set of The Mummy and the Mummy Returns, from like... 2003? I don't even know, I've had it for years and I just love the box and the foldouts, I should check if it's got the commentary really... It's got all those fun extras on a separate disc too.
The condom is used tho
The King died on his throne.  And I’m alright if that’s all we remember from him.
Ya but math degrees are attractive to software firms.
Ditto can taste like anything
Let's look at the facts:  King James was a homosexual.  Jesus was a homosexual.  The King James Bible is the best selling Bible.  Therefore King James is Jesus.  Jesus has 5 letters.  James has 5 letters.  5+5=10  Jesus was the one true savior.  10-1=9  Factor in the holy trinity.  9÷3=3  Jesus is Illuminati.
Yeah, fuck him, but moreso, fuck the people he worked for.  They KNEW how toxic tetraethyl lead is, but hey, profits, right?
Phones. They’ll still be called phones but prolly won’t be no where near the same. Probably unrecognizable.
Miltank
Canadians: "I see no God up here other than me"
Take care
Truck drivers
Make sure it's loud as possible
Abokers
how about income consistency and reliability?
I'm just glad he didn't word it as marrying the 19 y/o female..... That makes me scratch my head
Cremation is the best option.🙂
Dude, you literally just used the word pilgrim.
gardevior prolly has an epic pussy
Derby
such a insanity 🥲
What is an O
Oh, I always knock on wood. If I say something absolute-ex-“my kids would never do that”. I feel like it offsets whatever dumb thing I’m saying.
Afforestation. As much land as I could save. "Fuck you" being to the human race.
Brings a tear to my eye
Is it possible to make a wig out of all that hair?
Ah UK!  Around the same as me between 40 - 45 🤣
Something that shall not be repeated by me lol
He can see the future not every possibility
Freedom of speech
He caused no wars though lmao. U Americans baffle me
Chuck Norris
Tourism as we know it today, will no longer be possible;  Problems with sea levels, forest fires, droughts, freak storms etc will have led us all to re-evaluate how, why, where and when we travel.  The other thing that won't be the same in 25 years?  Money!  ..hello, crypto! ;)
Or lost some...
33  Edit. Holy shit 26? You had good taste
Elder Scrolls 6
There used to be a fetish club in my town that very often threw parties. One dude loved pretending he was a carpet and have random strangers walk in him. He’d lay by the bar and just had a a bunch of people stand in him while they were ordering drinks. I don’t get it, but it’s his thing I guess
Mon the Biff!
"Mission failed, we'll get them next time"  \-Donald Trump
Not me but my mom. She absolutely loves the old music hall song "I Like A Nice Cup Of Tea In The Morning". She sings it every time she makes the tea.  I don't have the heart to tell her the song is not really about tea.
You don't have to be so nasty
tinky winky
Tena . I have wear them all the time
The road.
Pisses me off they won't even let me watch the credits without switching it off to some trailer idgaf about
I think they smell kinda good, plus they're in your face sometimes or near when getting down.
gardevior prolly has an epic pussy
Good
Excitement for tomorrow
i suppose that makes sense! im definitely no stranger to nurtured and protected feelings crossing over myself, so i can definitely see that being the case.
Oh yeah, I completely forgot about that show.
31?
OP said the condom is used though
Snorlax probably tastes like cow
Worst hell of it is phantom pain from what is going on. It's so real to you, when you do manage to wake up and get your slippers on, you're still feeling the hurt of it and that state of mind is absolute terror as you hoped it was a part of the dream/ that is would end yet it is still happening.   Usually stops within a minute of being UP and AWAKE, but having the fat under your skin ijggle like it is being electrocuted and your internal organs feeling "melted" all night long in the freaky part of it is not so nice, but having it still happen up being out of bed is just one scary cherry on top.
Shame will be gone. Its already dying out
You just reminded me of the guy who collects Speed on VHS
Lmao. Oh sweet summer child.
If they’re just gaining a couple pounds but are still healthy, it shouldn’t be a big deal if you love them.  But if there is a genuine health concern, be honest that you are worried and that you’re in this together.  I had the opposite happen to me, I lost too much weight, and I’m glad I was told when it started getting unhealthy and was given the encouragement and support to get my health back
>It’s the worst feeling in the world especially when it feels like I can’t breathe.  This!!! I feel like I could coax myself back to sleep, or to calmly rock myself awake (starting with fingers and toes usually), but I'll suddenly become aware my breathing is off and it freaks me out. So by the time I've rocked myself awake, my heart is going a million miles a minute.
Not dying
The radio edit version of Short Dick Man. And how did I never hear the unedited version until a few years ago…
Hitler's corpse with a "The end..." then a question mark appears at the end of the sentence hinting at the sequel.
Santa Clause?
Netorare or Cuckholding  Just why? I don't get it, why would you put yourself on the person who's ok with your SO getting banged by other people, heck why would you even put yourself on the person who's going to bang someone's SO?
Me too
Snorlax probably tastes like cow
Maybe Hawaii. A ton of people believe in ghosts and haunted places here. Several of my family included.
Death would also make him an ex president. Kennedy and Roosevelt didn't remain president when they died. This isn't North Korea.
Morgan freeman   Or the Guy who does Spongebob voice over
gun
duality
Welcome to the jam
Love 2.0 ….aka another love. Thank
Amazon has just walk out, literally you just walk out
Take the shit before the shit takes you
gardevior prolly has an epic pussy
For sure, I hold the door for people or hear them talking to their parents and you rarely hear a yes sir yes ma’am or a thank you anymore
Eating whilst making love  Or people eating naked  It makes me gag
Humans
I would say all the big players in rugby , it’s a different game though so it’s hard to say but like others said. Australia and New Zealand have to be right up there
Excitement for tomorrow
Poetry
Gas powered vehicles is a good bet to disappear
Human race
A certain individual who's love life I accidentally destroyed and left him high and dry when he thought we were going to be together.  It's a long story....
Morality
* Lights: Switching to light sources/bulbs with lower brightness/lower light temperature (Kelvin/K-value) 3 hours before bed. * Screens: Gradually dimming electronic screens until bedtime (Computer: using F.lux and lowering the brightness gradually in the graphics card's control panel. Phone: with a built-in option when available or by using an app like Twilight). * Food: Having a light meal 3-3.5 hours before bed and light snacks 1.5-2 hours before bed, to not put the body into overdrive digesting a heavy meal and/or cause indigestion, but also to not go to sleep hungry and get distracted by that. * Sleeping in a closed and completely dark room (including covering LED lights on electronics, or using a face mask) with something that makes a white noise. * If you're sleeping on your stomach and put your head to the side, use a thin and narrow side pillow (but firm) to support your shoulder on the side your head is pointing to.
The QR code system as we know it has been around for about a decade, but the technology has existed since the 90s. Back then it was almost exclusively used by warehouses and factories. So they'd typically be much less complex and use larger squares because you only had to encode the relatively small amounts of data your company needed to keep track of things. It's only when you had people all of a sudden start using them over the internet, and almost anyone being able to access them with ubiquitous cellphone usage  that they had to get as complex as we see today with the tiny squares.
Forgot about vine. This was OG tick tock
Love 2.0 ….aka another love
At the same time people that cry if a character doesn't have massive balloon tits are even more annoying imo
The internet. Dumb fucks have no appreciation for it.
It’s a bit dry.
I think they smell kinda good on a hot girl and plus they're in your face sometimes or near when getting down.
Tik tok
The type of chicks that would double up on a dude like me do.
dude.. i did it.. hot damn.. thank you very much
Boomers.
I’m pretty sure we actually are running out of water. The Middle East and the United States entire West are already screwed.
That they're going to have a comfortable future despite the climate change crisis.
They probably have family that already lives here and I guess they help them get back on their feet
I am sorry for your loss.
Yeah, this is the main reason why I'm questioning a lot of posts in this thread. We've got a really beautiful state park near us. There is a "tourist center" that is always packed to the absolute brim. And the attractions immediately attached to it have literal lines, like waiting at Disneyland.   But 1 mile on the trail and it is very normal to have a full hike without seeing another individual.   I feel like people in this thread drive up to the tourist hubs, take one look, mumble to themselves "look at all these goddamn instagram california tourists", then get back in their car and drive back to their hotel room.
Please elaborate
To notice or care about the race/ethnicity of other people any more than they notice or care about the colour of their hair.
They definitely do. Humans like to think that other life forms are beneath them and don't even have emotions or the capability for empathy. Yet all I ever see is nature trying to preserve its self and we just keep invading her privacy
Excitement for tomorrow
Welcome to the jam
I used to watch this guy named dpsgaming all the time because I found his commentary funny when I was like 12-13, after awhile though the playground jokes became stale though. Nowadays anytime I revisit his channel it’s just a bad trip everytime since he’s such an ass hat of a human.
Every popular video game ever.
I mean it was kind of a combination of things, but being so far behind on college work and feeling like I can't catch back up was the main reason. It was just last night as well lmao
They are almost totally gone here. Some stores are fully self checkout.
Me, in my present form anyway.
Death would also make him an ex president. Kennedy and Roosevelt didn't remain president when they died. This isn't North Korea.
Liking golden showers and general piss/poop play. I just dont get it. It makes me gag just thinkin bout it
Half Life 3
The bigger issue is they serve food that tastes like ass
I'm guessing 90 years old then.
responsibility
Thank you for saying no gender exclusions.
Stupid asteroids is a stupid poorly designed dumb game. And no my opinion has nothing to do with the fact that I’m terrible at it.
Don’t
Your political views. I dropped a class in highschool because I couldn't deal with it. English and Social studies teachers are the worst with this. At least in my experience.
James Earl Jones.
Colorado Springs, Anchorage, Fort Worth. There are quite a few.
> without realizing that at any second the US could declare outright war on a country and every man in the country 18+ could be drafted to fight.  Not really. Not only does the US have a large enough standing army of volunteers to fight essentially any war (so much so that the majority of people conscripted would be turned away anyway) but it would be political suicide for any president or congress that actually declared a draft.  > So yea, the government has always had control over you.  The Supreme Court ruling that was used as precedent for vaccine mandates was also used as precedent for forced sterilization of minorities and the mentally ill.
Candy shop
One of New Zealand’s native birds is a fuck face baby duckling murderer.
Radios in cars.
Because important things should never be left for later. If all this bullshit of the last two years taught us anything it is that.
it's good luck to lift a dwarf     they get mad though
Pee is kinda ok
We need to stop teaching kids to avoid vans full of puppies and candy.
That's fucking horrifying.
Being born! Lulz
I second this. Such an upbeat song with a dark meaning.
Both are adults who cares.
Death would also make him an ex president. Kennedy and Roosevelt didn't remain president when they died. This isn't North Korea.
This also applies to family.
I wouldn’t say I suffer I never wanna experience it again lol but after my partner moved out. I was obviously big sad and stuff so I blame stress/emotion state? and my love for horror movies. I sleep on my stomach idk what time it was it was definitely dark outside still, but I woke up to what felt like something coming on to the bed from the foot of the bed and then I felt this weight and a hand run through my hands and I was just frozen I couldn’t move, it went away pretty quickly I’m guessing? Idk it kinda seemed like eternity.
I am sorry for your loss.
Doesn't help that only white people can get nostalgic about Elvis' time while the rest of the world remembers that period very somberly.
Excitement for tomorrow
Joe mama
Non-profit is the nickname for the paperwork filed in January. It doesn’t mean shit.
Smart people in the internet-
Hard disagree. A lot of people’s political views aren’t so much political but social. I’ve had someone literally tell me that they don’t think I should have had access to medical treatment from a social healthcare system because it’s a waste of their tax money.. and people tell me access to education isn’t a right if you can’t afford it. Having people tell you your existence isn’t worthy or valuable is definitely grounds for dipping on them. It’s exhausting.
I heard being rich becomes boring at somepoint so whats the point becoming rich when you should be happy throughout your life
My friend forced me to type sex in google. And she forced me to watch a video when I was 12.
I cant say .. my top 3 YouTubers are active.. but hfc
YES. Why did they have to make it so unsettling??
I was obsessed with Connor Franta when I was in middle school (he even followed me on my Twitter which has since been hacked, RIP). And he is!
sleep at work
Nice
556 is perfectly capable for 99 percent of when small arms is needed. Most people can't shoot past 500 yards consistently anyway, and inside of that 556 performs quite well. You're conflating size with damage which isn't necessarily the case with bullets. A .45 is much bigger than a 556 round but moves at less than 1/3rd the speed, meaning getting hit with the 556 leads to substantially more energy being transferred to the target. Especially since 762 tends to result in through and through wounds, leaving whatever energy is left to exit the body with the bullet. Ask anyone who has been shot by 556 from a 16 to 20 inch barrel. It's not something you just walk off. Plus with lighter, smaller ammo you can carry more rounds.
My father used to talk about losing his hair, but then he found it.  Apparently, it just relocated to his back and his ears.
I take great offense to that. Apologize this instant
Sailor Moon.
Nope
This little silicone tube that you put cloves of garlic into it and then roll it on your counter and it peels the skin off the garlic.  Super handy.
Every 2 minutes?
Liking golden showers and general piss/poop play. I just dont get it. It makes me gag just thinkin bout it 🤢💩
Every movie, but that doesn't have anything to do with that movie.
that my mom dated a 21 year old guy when she was 14 (she's 42 now), and my aunt was pregnant at 15 by a 19 year old guy, who btw used to live in my house back in like 2005
something about “about advancing technology is both our savior and our doom”. ⛄️
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Feederism
Liar
A Frank Sinatra song
I prefer morally questionable.
people not following the panademic rules and thinking wearing a mask is a conspiracy
My parents are 15 years apart. I never saw a better working couple. It can work but be it often doesn't
Excitement for tomorrow
No tags
I hooked up with this huge woman, like over 300lbs and over 6 feet tall. Well we didn't hook up so much as she dragged me into a room during a party while I was drunk because I challenged her to a wrestling match. She took her pants off and rode my face and chest violently for at least an hour. I ended up with broken ribs, most of my fingers got broken, one of my collar bones got broken, my shoulder dislocated, and I've had neck pain ever since. So yeah, I totally regret this.
Treasure is
Is it just a change in diet? No underlying injuries or disabilities? Let them know you don’t want to eat junk food anymore. Start going on morning walks everyday and asking them to join you. Those are both obvious hints. If that doesn’t work? Tell them straight up you value them and your relationship as much as you do yourself and you expect the same thing from them. Plan on getting married or having kids? Let them know you don’t want your kids to be subjected to an unhealthy lifestyle. There’s really no easy way around it. If you’re adults then it’s just a matter of acting and communicating like one.
$10,000 US? A Czech real estate office
Good, he was a paedophile
Fear of communism.
Your mom would never come in the house again
A woman who’ll love me 😔
Sorry wicked tired could you please be so kind and explain this logic to a 2 year old?!   PM if you want to be more private.
It’s different everywhere but I did the exact same thing once. I took a causal job doing security at a pretty high level place (government) I am ex military and a licensed paramedic. I was not looking for to high pay just something casual to do during the day after my night shifts. I told them my expectations were about 20-25$ a hour. I signed the papers and everything…   15$ a hour.    I did one shift, wasted everyone’s time which I do feel bad for but they kinda wasted mine as well.
Giraffes. Recent studies suggest they're more endangered than Rhinos.
Used to be Queen of the Damned. Or The Crow. But now their both dated and cheezey imo.
Voodoo doll
I would use it to see what people genuinely think about me or about something that happens or generally try to found out the truth about something
I was obsessed with Connor Franta when I was in middle school (he even followed me on my Twitter which has since been hacked, RIP). And he is!
Treasure
Make being heterosexual illegal. No more babies ever again. Everybody gotta be gay or go to jail forever
A slightly more lighthearted example to lighten up this reply thread a little:  When I was a very little kid, I started saying that I had seen a "big basher." My mom eventually got from context and tone that I was talking about privates, but had no idea where I could have learned that term or where I had seen them. She was terrified trying to figure out if I had been molested at daycare or something. Eventually my mom asked me to draw what I'd seen. Kid me drew... a wrecking ball with spikes.  Turns out I had just accidentally glimpsed my dad changing his pants one day. I didn't get a good look since it was just an accidental glimpse, and what I thought I saw didn't exactly line up with the reality. Not knowing the term penis, I invented a term that seemed to fit what I'd seen.   All that stress could have probably been avoided if I'd just been taught the proper name and what that was.
"Everybody died"
6 times a day
You'd have to have a filter installed to keep water circulating and some sort of fountain aeration or you'll get stagnant water and fish die-offs.
Computers. Just be a neural  link to your brain to cloud
Wow. What happened to the children?
Don't
Congratulations you sir are the stupidest person I have talked to in the history of the internet.  You have zero understanding of any medical issues and zero understanding in history. I wish I could send you one second of the pain I experience every day. I honestly did not think anyone could have been more stupid than the flat earther.
religion....
Democracies
Having worked restoration, this is 100% true.  The initial overflow is disgusting. But the lingering consequences are persistent.
Arthur, Jacob Two Two, Jane the Dragon, Barbar, Pearlie, Word Girl, The Zulu Patrol, Maya and Miguel, Miss BG   I had no cable growing up so this is what I watched.
someone's gonna say: "being born"; predictable answer.
It's this that makes me think there may be something wrong with me. I read it after reading another thread about how horrific it was and how the FBI use it to desensitise new agents.  I didn't find it that distressing. I dunno.
Don't use their ferret as toilet paper
The Winds of Winter.
I'd start thinking "nightmare nightmare nightmare" repeatedly in my head to bring them immense confusion.  Or just think of the Friends intro song without any of the clapping for the mind reader to fill the gaps.
Why u so mad
I dont know I always feel like I'm being watched and things that are not there are following me and I just always see things but they aren't real
The lower class sad but likely true
Nikki Catsouras     Just.. don't search up that name, actually
Money🤷‍♀️
That’s lovely. How would money be allocated? What reasons do they have for me to not work and what reasons do I have to not want to work. Do I want to not work? Do I have things to occupy my time if so?
Legolas from LOTR. (Not Orlando Bloom- I was only interested in him as an elf lol)
My parents , I want to learn from the mistakes they made and make a better life for myself
Sterilize anyone with and IQ below 85.
can i ask what about that scenario is so sexy for you? im genuinely really curious!!
A toe knife
Scream Fart vine
Pretty sure that he was bigger than the Beatles for a good while.  As in... he sold more records and had more #1 hits.
Yeah, this one messed me up. I refuse to back down on anything. I once gave someone measurements for a circle, realized I said radius when I meant diameter, and refused to correct myself thus leading to it being twice the size.
Lol basically. That's all. I just think it'd be funny if I respond to them unexpectedly like how this one white guy intentionally goes to various restaurants in Chinatowns acting clueless about what's on the menu, and then out of nowhere he speaks flawless Mandarin or Cantonese.
If you think a 16 year old child or a 19 year old child is ready to date a full grown adult then your a pervert. Legality does not determine what’s moral or ethical and an outdated law made at a time when pedophilia was even more the norm than it is today is a shit excuse for your rationalization of inherently predatory dynamics. If you’re checking out seniors in high school as a 30 year old adult you’re a piece of shit
I know. I was told by my co-worker that it was a song Sting had written telling a story about an older man falling in love with a 14 year old girl.
Hobbies. Pursue them and find a local venue for it. Then just talk to people there doing what you're doing.
Relatives are the same. They will never have your back. Ever.
Well said
Take your shirt off. It helps.
Yeah but just because it looks good to the human eye doesn't mean on the byte-level it isn't easy to determine it's fake. basically same as with "photoshopped" images. Making it look "good" and also not being easily detected as fake on byte level is pretty hard.  EDIT: In current times with social media and "cancelling" the sad part is that it won't even matter if it can be proofed fake after some "non instantaneous" analysis. The damage was already done.
Hardware store.
Orwell and Huxley.   Ironically, that seems to be exactly what is going on right now.
I'm a *gasp* Republican! My view of the role and scope is government is **[lightning flashes]** slightly different from yours! I think Europe is full of over-rated snobs coasting by on the achievements of the societies of others while deluding themselves in to thinking they are intellectually and morally superior to Americans. Mwahahha.
Dragon ball Z.
That they can choose their gender
Go invisible and put my penis into your ear, OP.
Really? It says if your kid is unruly he should be taken to the townsfolk and stoned to death.  Stop. Pretending.
Cocaine
I wish my GF was like you.
get some exercise every single day, even if it's only 5 minutes. Consistency is way more important than how hard the workout is.
Like when I was kid just watching a movie during PE because it was raining outside.... Bam out of nowhere a basketball hits me in the head. I turn around and of course everybody isn't paying attention.... I guess that comes with being the white, big kid in mostly Hispanic elementary school.....
pedophilia is not a fetish or sexual orientation regardless of what they say.
Oh sweet summer child. Don’t google 😂🤮
Us
You are so innocent
Treasure
A toe knife
Council housing (UK)
Liquid LSD
Imagine a box that is as big as the smallest book you've read. Maybe smaller if you're into big books. Now imagine that I can send telegrams and have telephone calls with it. Got that? Now imagine that I've got more knowledge in it than you or I would ever be able to learn and I only use it for japanese drawings of naked women with unrealistic bodies in unrealistic positions.
I used this for the first time last week because the bribed me with a coupon. I had some other coupons that I wasn't sure would work with the products I wanted so I figured, okay, I just try this and it should tell me.  Nope. The app does not tell me if the coupon applies until I drag the cart full of crap to the register. Also it was annoying that the description of the product on the app wasn't very... verbose. Got many frozen dinners and it showed just the brand, made it a pain the ass to keep track of everything I scanned. I had to clear the cart twice in order to get the right counts.  It's a good idea but needs some work still.
Ah, so in other words, Twitch but irl.
Avacodo guy
This makes me feel hopeful. I’m very concerned about many places becoming inhospitable very quick. Like Arizona is getting so hot cars are melting. Most people are going to be crammed into specific hospitable areas which is going to accelerate the damage done to those areas making them inhospitable as well.
Pay off the debts of all my family, then friends, then random strangers until I run out.
Yes, but Elvis has them beat in Gospel music!
Treasure
Jerk off to the ad
Those weirdo neighbors and their binoculars, man.
Every oncologist will tell you that your own will to fight will influence any form of therapy severely. Your own mental onset towards therapy and your disease will be of great impact during your battle against cancer.
New cars that use gasoline, diesel or natural gas.  I am sure we will have old cars that use gasoline.  When people start to realize how much lower the cost of ownership is for electric or hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, the switchover should accelerate.  Think about how often you have to do maintenance on your refrigerator.  Wouldn't it be nice to have cars that last 500,000 to 1,000,000 miles?  We can easily build hydrogen FCV with much larger ranges compared to what we have now.  While BEV will dominate in the short range market, Hydrogen FCV will most likely be used for long range aircraft, trains, ships, long range trucking.
Nope, but PEth test will.
I wasn't ready for it
If you take off your shirt, put it back on before leaving the bathroom.
L O L A  Lola.
Note to self  No tap water when visiting NYC
Antivaxxer’s decision not to get vaccinated.
The lowered testosterone is a result of frequent masturbation and porn. Dopamine is increased unnaturally as well creating impulsivity and addiction. I remember when I quit (I was every other day type of user), I thought it was going to be easy. Hardest thing of my life lol. I always pictured an addict as like a 4 times a day type of person. Just denial.   The low testosterone isn’t why guys aren’t going for girls. Guys aren’t going for girls anymore because why would they when they have porn in their pocket? It’s sick really.
You should get into model making. There are tons of high quality kits and supplies these days it’s incredible. Honestly the more people involved the better the hobby has gotten.
Treasure
I don't mind if someone needs to go at my place, but as an adult you really shouldn't often run into a poop emergency.  I haven't had to poop at a friend's house, my parents house, my sister's house, or a brick and mortar store in several years. I'm not bragging, just saying I believe I have a relatively normal poop cycle and it hasn't been necessary in a while.  If you find the need to regularly poop in toilets that aren't yours you might have an underlying issue. The need to poop is rarely an emergency unless you have a poor diet, underlying food allergies, or some sort of irritable bowel issue.  There is nothing wrong with it. Just if you gotta poop just a bit just....wait. And if emergency like situations come up with any regularity it might be worth taking a look at.  People don't like it when other people poop in their toilet, as a general rule. Especially in an apartment with a single toilet - your toilet. That's not weird at all man.
Salute!
Everything I’ve learned about in immuno. Fucking everything can kill you
Why not? Sorry, I live under a rock
Sorry, people who try and succeed and who's goals in life didn't end at fucking Maccas are inherently gonna have more innate respect.   Big shock, accomplishments are important to being respected.
Me
The Constitution of the United States… the Democraps are trying to deconstruct it… piece by piece.
69 is a sex position and 4:20 is a time associated with marijuana.
Best Buy. Easy.
The stars are better off without us.
Liking golden showers and general piss/poop play. I just dont get it. Sounds absolutely frikkin grim. Makes me gag just thinking bout it. 🤢💩
Obesity. There’s probably gonna be some miracle weight loss drug with no side-effects in the future.
a random stranger saved my life
Whisky & brown ale, that’s a brutal hangover in the making 🤢
When you're sick and vomiting as a kid (hopefully) someone takes care of you. You feel nurtured and protected. Then you grow up and feel nurtured and protected in your sexual relationship. Sometimes the two cross over. That's my theory.
95 year old human beings 🤷🏻‍♂️
Finally. An accurate answer that makes sense!!! It's not covid it's the fact that people couldn't get health maintaining treatments.
Gas powered cars
“White whale”?????
Maybe phone booths. But landline phones are still common.
~18?
Debarge
I fear that penmanship will be nonexistent by then and I try my best to keep the tradition of good handwriting alive.
Roger
Lmao
Yo this is a pretty good question, but I think you could word it differently to get the responses you're looking for. Something like "Those who illegally immigrated to the US, what happened after you arrived?", and you might want to tag it with serious as well :p Hope this ends up helping
honestly i was incredibly scared of our hot tub for some reason i thought it had like a 90% chance of lightning on fire idk why tho lol
Frogson dude.  no amphomo...
He's probably a top supplier and/or subscriber to said uncle.
I keep my favourite scenes in a folder named classified
Amazon Go, Amazon Grocery, and just announced Whole Foods does this
Bro fuck humanity    Let it DIE
sussy baka
Mine always said "eat up that meatloaf before standing up"
Death
Housing. Without it, there is no sense of safety and every minute of life is the constant chore of "moving along" there are so many without it
You saw that thread too, [huh?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pvsea6/whats_something_youd_rather_you_didnt_know_about/hefw14n?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3)
Maybe some different perspective, and something rarely talked about: victims of sexual assault will sometimes develop the whole r*pe role play kink, which to a lot of people, sounds fucked up and counterintuitive, right? But it’s actually quite simple: it’s almost a therapeutic way of having a do-over of the event but within the parameters of having control over the situation.  It’s something I dealt with and looottts of therapy helped. I don’t think I’m really into it anymore but for a hot second, it was helpful in a weird, fucked up way.
Alright… then whatever he does to get the smegma out?
Lord of the rings... So many characters on so many levels.
The fact that we ignored, despite all evidence to the contrary, climate change.
Large diameter ball bearings.
Or you can just post it as a reply if you're sure your arguments will hold up to public scrutiny.
Basically; I work at a restaurant (Host, Kitchen Expo, and food running) on Saturday I had this couple who came in who I sat in one of my close friends who is a server’s section. When I sat them down they asked me “If you could have one thing right now; what would it be” I took a moment to answer and said I would want my sister to grow up better then I did and do more of what she wants to do. (Me: M, 18, Catholic family) and they spoke with me for a few minutes on how I related to the role of a Shepard from the Bible, in John 10. Now I’m not religious I don’t really have a set belief. I’m not an atheist, but I’m not sure what to believe. So they asked me to go home and read John 10. So I did. The husband came in this morning and gave me an envelope and told me do not open this until you get home. On the envelope it states “Love Offering” with their names, phone number, an address (.3 miles from my house), and a date and time. When I got home after my double shift I opened it and there is cash inside. I don’t know what to do. Im not religious nor do I intend to start studying the Bible I have enough on my plate as it is. I feel like I can’t take this I did nothing to deserve it other then have a conversation with some very nice people and exchange stories. I’m in shock. I need advice on what to do, and need help understanding what a “love offering” is.
2020-2021: ima stop you right there
Wrong
Lol here you definitely get called for it, its unhygienic af to go in a sauna with a swimsuit.
Antivax people getting COVID
New York.  It’s like the US and marvel are so often  inclined to have their movies and shows take place there.    I want to see stories take place in locations like Sarasota Florida, or the Midwest or oildale California.
delusional lol
Both work...lol
I like it both ways
This. Example: the childeater fountain [Chindlifrässerbrunne](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kindlifresserbrunnen)
We had moved into an old farm house and one day I went to make my baby’s bottle, put it on the countertop and it started to move and slid all the way down, I thought it was a ghost until I took a closer look and realized the countertop was sloped by about a half a foot.
LA/Hollywood
Akubra
skinny dipping.
He actually probably loves them and tells it often. Tells people the joke was made ABOUT him. Except poor Matt. He gets walked all over.
Pain in the ass haha. I wouldnt know though
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My mum did what Parental Guidance is supposed to do. She watched all this stuff with us and talked the whole time during the movie, saying how that is not realistic, this would seriously hurt someone, that would actually kill someone, etc. As a kid if was annoying af but I’m glad she took the time to make sure she didn’t raise a pair of dumbarses
Someone who drinks hot water alongside spicy food. 💀
Ur mom's gravitational pull.
Hmm. If you mean animation, there are other animation studios than Disney both big and small that also take inspiration from other cultures  (pardon me, it's early and I'm tired)
Peas and carrots in a Cornish pasty.
i use soap bar as butter
Mug
Kekistan
The most amazing physical pleasure I have ever experienced in my life without drugs.
Onsen is the best non-sexual thing to do naked, by far!
I never really thought about the fact that people actually live in some of those manors. Honestly, if it were me, I would give the property to the government. Using the property as a way to teach people about America's history and the horrors of slavery just seems a whole lot more respectful to the people who died there instead of chilling there like I own the place.
Any of the winners of the r/hermaincainaward.
Fry bacon.
Yeaterday.... COVID-19 -_-
We have uniforms, its pretty common where im from
Coat yourself in butter or oil, scooch around on an linoleum floor pretending to be a slug.
It was an attempted coup. They just really sucked at it.   Thank God.
Canned biscuits in the South.
Doctors Niles & Frasier Crane.
I know, I felt bad for him because he was very smart and just lacked confidence in himself. He once got jumped walking to meet me after school. I was working at the towns gas station then and that night when the little shits pulled up to get some gas I purposely put Diesel in the tanks.
Don't tell me how to mix my own inhalents! I know how to do inhalents!
Shower
Barr.
Not as often as I do
Jets.
Skin is invisible, muscle isn't. Welcome to the rise of red penises everywhere.
never
Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeet      Are not for sex
Making someone fall in love with another to get information about him. I’m not proud of that
Definitely a 'man'.
pear
Hi, nice leggings. By the way are you sneaking a turkey leg into the theater or are you just happy to see me?
Death
Lube a floor and try to find out how far can you slide
The Ice King  started out as a buffoon  turned into a tragically lonely man who's living off fractions of memory and lost love
The gift card over the phone ones. For example, they call claiming to be from the IRS or something & bully you into buying thousands of dollars in gift cards and giving them the info, or they’ll send police to your house to arrest you. Sadly my Mom still fell for one even though I’ve told her numerous times about shit like it. (I work as a cashier, we get ones where they claim to be from corp asset protection.) She ended up losing about $2k. It was almost $4k before someone at the store caught on & informed her. Come on people! *NEVER* in the history of the IRS have they *EVER* required GIFT CARDS as payment for *anything*!! Jezzuuussss…
Never give up
I'm super world about the state of the world.
Instructions unclear, I shouldn’t have emptied the pickle jar first.
Is the portal one way, two way or different dimensions from each side?
Question is broad to not limit it to that one geopolitical situation. See your view on what could happen. Fair.
anti vaxxers
Cody Banks  you did good Cody fucking Chad Banks haha
It's not mine either and the title is clearly a typo.
Ketchup on dog, fucking disgusting makes the meat taste like shit.
Makker wij dachten hetzelfde! Ik zei ook Heineken!
Dance...
I know I know I was being sarcastic too don't worry.  To answer your question maybe some people after seeing this question on reddit maybe.
Context?  And how was it?
Or being naked in nature on LSD. Def in the Top 3 best feelings of my life. Feels so organic, like an animal in tune with with all the living plants, fungi, animals and water surrounding me. Just superb   Fuck clothes binding us to societal norms, I mean I'd even be chillin with a loincloth. Mother nature wants to blow some wind on these hairy cheeks!
When stupid people who are in a tough situation say "Oh, you won't understand what I'm facing" to a successful person without realizing that the person got fucked many times to become successful.
Microneedling. Gets rid of age spots, wrinkling, fine lines. Makes your skin glow. A good alternative to Botox that makes a big difference.
You
watch Reno 911
bar, body wash u have to use a loofah and it feels like sandpaper, idk how ppl use that thing
All jokes aside, I am a former gang member (technically not former, just fell back from that life years ago). I’ve told the story of how I got shot a few times on this site. The reality of how it feels to be a “gangster” is nothing like the glamour and bullshit you see in movies and tv. The reality is, you spend almost every moment on high alert, and it’s stressful af. I could be chillin on the block with a bunch of my bros, but I’m watching every car, looking at every person no matter how far they are, paying attention to everything. Even when I was in my home, I’m making sure the lights are off in rooms I’m not in, and when I am in those rooms I am dimming the lights. Never playing music or the tv too loud because I want to make sure I am hearing everything. Sometimes I wouldn’t even leave out the front door because I didn’t want the wrong person to drive by and see where I live. I’d go out the back and jump a fence into the neighbors yard, and walk out that way. When driving Id always make sure to never hit a red light or be stuck at a stop sign too long. I could never go out with my mother or sisters in public. Things like that. Not to mention the really bad days where you get calls in the middle of the night that your homie just got hit, or wake up the next day and see one of your people’s got raided.  Being a “gangster” is one the most stressful things you can choose to be. 0/10 wouldn’t recommend it.
Xan
When I was younger, a mosquito landed on my penis and bit me. So technically I had my first blowjob at age 5 and was also sexually assaulted by a mozzie
I’ve never heard of him, but as a general rule I think all youtubers should be imprisoned
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pz34n5/what_are_some_𝘶𝘯𝘦𝘹𝘱𝘦𝘤𝘵𝘦𝘥_turnons_for_you_not/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Whomever pays me the most to use on them
First God (who should be able to take care of him/herself), then adults and ...children last? Did you literally say that?  Wow your kids must feel loved...  (Please people don't have children if you are not going to put them first! We don't need more unhappy people in this world!)
Equestrian. Atleast not a human sport.
pooping my pants
Go to the beach and sun bait
Neither I'm considering 🤔
Please demonstrate that the universe had a beginning.
Trump on The Apprentice
I, that is to say “we”, reincarnate into each other. The connective fiber between all of us is this unshakable sense of centrality. From my perspective, it’s this being’s turn to see the many forms and shapes of God-as-verb. When this form dies, “my” memories go with them and this sense of awareness relocates to another place and time, to another person.  It’s spiritual hooey, but it’s made it easier to be kinder to people. Only God knows what they’re going through.
Helicopter
Because there's nothing beyond God.   Picture this. We used to think the earth was flat and the sun revolved around us. God created the world like this. Ok.  But then we discovered the earth was round. Sun still revolves around us. Ok, we had it wrong. God created round earth apparently.  But wait a minute, turns out Earth revolves around the Sun. So THAT'S the world God created.  Big Bang? God created.  No more Big Bang, we just discovered that the whole universe I'm fact came from inside of a rabbit's anus. No problem, God created the rabbit.  I don't need to ever disprove nothing. Whatever is the new truth, God made it.  I believe that the Universe was created by God, and whatever Universe no matter what can still be God's creation  And as a side note, all of our Universe came from on single point. One single source. I mean... C'mon guys. It's so beautiful.
Land Rover
If they heal, it was god. If they dont then.. ah god wanted new angels with him, it was a prize really... So convenient having an exit for everything, all based on faith.
Really good sex
Dog poo
I didn’t know there was going to be a another series
Cereal milk first.
I'll state this first because last time I brought it up people thought this guy was in the public, but I'm a Correctional Officer.  I know a guy who thinks YOU are the piece of shit because you DON'T molest your kids! It's a fathers job to teach his kids about sex...  Obviously I'm making the assumptions that you are 1) Male 2) A Parent; and 3) (Probably the easiest assumption considering you brought it up) Don't molest your kids.
Jamaica
People who don't understand the concept of different perspective.
Hehehe
I get that the experience is better when you're naked, but please don't push people into getting naked if they're insecure, especially strangers. that's just creepy
A pair of thermal longjohns for the cold weather.
Pyrocynical
nothing people have told me that for 7 years now so i dont really care
My pet capybara.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Haha not a bad trait to have at all. :)
Light switches for sure
she showed up but they druged me and stole my kidney
Wanted to be in University, unfortunately Covid and the border restrictions ruined that for me
If both your kids are asking why you’re still together, I highly doubt that a divorce would affect them extremely badly. I’d at least move out, a marriage with unrequited desire sounds terrifyingly sad.
That's insane. I get bored with a few days extra off. The longest "vacation" I've had before Covid was like 4 days when my dad passed away.
Humans.
Gaming for 20 hrs a day
It's weird how God never has enough money. Running the universe is expensive I guess.
beef stew
I cleaned my shower with Scrub Free spray, which has a very powerful chemical citrus scent. Being enclosed in a shower sprayed with that stuff and inhaling the fumes of it for like 45 minutes, was not a fun time. Spent a couple hours coughing afterwards.
Violation
Me
Roy Davis Jr - Gabriel.
Spiders man I hate spiders
People who force theirs pets vegan
NSFW.  Was having sexy time with my girlfriend in my room when I stopped and said "wait we gotta stop or we might get caught".  So we stop and dress up, she goes to the bathroom and right after I finished putting my clothes on, i looked at the window to see my mom's car pulling in the driveway.   If I had stopped 2 minutes later we would've gotten caught
At this point, humans.
With the right full-length mirror, nudity can be hilarious for *anyone*.
https://youtu.be/aXVBvcg6I4M
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/pz34cq/perhaps_people_made_imaginary_monsters_to_cloak/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
On ESPN the ocho they had air guitar as a sport
My good friend has a Welsh/South African. Its very entertaining
Gwyneth Paltrow’s goop
Ain’t that a kick in the head - Dean Martin
Yeah, chocolate and seafood don't combine at all
Exactly. That's one of the reasons i like him so much. The first song i've from him was with Techn9ne called Trust, and i was legit so amazed by that song. I've been a fan ever since.
Helicopter dick
Heineken
nice sex drive reference
Dead/ dying people who are Anti vaccine
Star jumps
The new Venom later today then sleep here soon
Apple
Neither. I'm considering 🤔
Four square
Sushi.
If the point was just to scare the Japanese into surrender, why not drop the bombs into a remote region of the country to demonstrate its power?  Why drop them on civilians?
Nearby robe, a blanket, or just go out and assert dominance if the weather's nice.
Tusker
Coffee
Love
Waze
Onetry
They would roll they’re eyes at me and then continue doing what they were doing
The capital 'G' God of the Christian Bible is trivially easy to disprove.
I think it’s illegal for me to say anything other than Dacia
Approved
I got some clay, made some sort of tube thing, and stuck my dick in it. I don’t remember why I did that.  It felt weird. Mainly because the clay hadn’t set.
Los Angeles. It is full of crime and there is trash littering the streets.
My erections.
r/usernamechecksout
Playing chess (talking about personal experience lol).
flattered, but decline.
Video games, golf, bowling, frisbee, and hunting.  When I think of sport I think of a physical exhausting challenge. I think running /jumping /kicking /sweating, I think deadline, I think skills.  If it doesn't contain all these elements, it's a hobby.
Nothing. It’s actually really nice, should try it some time
Gucci
Thank you.
"when you can explain   the food shortage for lack of turds   they threw 4..  where did they get the food for 4 turds!!!"  "-ATHF'S last fuck you before leaving the air.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Quality of the sex matters more than the actual length of time or length of cock
normal. my favorite.
Man that’s fucked up. I’m sorry that happened to you. People can be cruel.
Yugo or for people who know a bit more about ak's zastava.
The bond between two thin pieces of lego
Nik Naks
Ok but then your question becomes when will China invade Taiwan.  And even in the Taiwan scenario, if Australia get's involved, it will be mostly naval skirmishes and perhaps a very small bombing run as retaliation.   Australian involvement would be mostly symbolic.
My mama's shoe when it's flying across the room
It’s 3 AM on a Friday night I’m going to drive through the city of Atlanta and honk at an ambulance
A pair of shoes I ended up reselling for $3,000 profit
Sauna and lake
I’ll probably never know. I’d be happy. So happy.
Guns
I think it's interesting.
Swim in the ocean
Feel flattered but say no thanks.  I'm not gay and even if it were a woman, I don't think my wife would be very happy with me if I said yes.
Bruh we know almost nothing about the universe till now   how can we tell the strongest thing in it ?
That's a pretty shitty family.   My colleagues and manager are a pretty tight knit group too. If there's so little margin that we can't tolerate losing one guy for a couple of weeks, then we tell our manager we need an additional colleague to have a reasonable workload, and he hires one. Simple problem, simple solution.
Open a restaurant, pay your workers barely enough to live on, move costs to both your employees and customers by making the customers pay employees a percentage of the meal.   Call it a "tip".  Keep your workers poor AND have customers cover some of your wage costs.  Profit.
A gang is defined as a group committing a crime for a common goal. I jaywalked with friends before to get to school on time and it didn't feel any different from doing it alone.
Child abusers
Not everyone's first language is English on this sub, and I am pretty picky with grammar.
Dark Souls, Binding of Isaac, Overwatch, Minecraft, Stardew Valley
No thank you
I had a day a couple years ago where I fucked all *day*, and of course we went out for meals and walks and stuff but we just fucked like six times over the course of twelve hours or so, it was fucking, awesome.
I fall victim to this and I need to change. I feel bad when it happens to.
USA, obviously
I don't need evidence he didn't. I'm not the one claiming he did.  Which Creator of the Universe? The Abrahamic God wasn't the only claimant to that title, nor the earliest.   What's the difference between the mythical bearded guy who fucks horses with lightning bolts and your god?  If you've got no evidence, why do you think it is reflective of reality?
Best textemoji ever in this context
Incest?
Peg the Tail on the Donkey
Scream and then die. But probably real slowly
Since we are on the topic, swedish fish would totally melt into a hot coffee. No problem at all.
That quote was from a [speech](https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1847/communist-league/1850-ad1.htm), not the manifesto
Well that just proves that they're an observant and perceptive person, honestly.
Scroll through Reddit & probably masturbate
Dolf from Alfred J. Kwak, he's basically Hitler...
Kraft
4 - have a fake wedding so he can know what it would have been like if you got married
Painful. I'd assume it's different when not forceful and proper lubrication. Is applied.
Nothing too big. As long as the first few minutes are slow and gentle, I looove it
But wouldn't the afterlife also be possible in a simulation? A game over for whatever is playing us.  If it's not, it's also an infinite loss, if it is, infinite potential gain.  Don't really see how it's different
> and remember, peeing after sex reduces the chances of getting a UTI!  So many people don't know that. It was never mentioned in sex education or by my gynecologist. Fortunately my mom was cool enough to tell me that at age 16.
I meant people from different cultures rely on Disney to pitch their ideas.
This happened in Netherlands so me and my family is just walking when i felt like peeing my dad and me started walking around to find a bathroom so minutes after that were still walking when i really cant hold it in anymore so i told my dad that i really need to pee so my dad spoke to a random man and he took us at a brothel i thought that its weird but i have no choice.
euthanasia
All right, you do mean wedding then. I think non religious people choose a religious wedding because the non religious option is just no so great... In Belgium, a non religious wedding is a very short ceremony officiated by a politician in a pretty generic room. On the other hand, a religious wedding means a much longer ceremony, in centuries old church often with music and speeches by family and friend. it's just a different atmosphere.   The other reason I can think of is family "pressure". Even if the couple is not religious, there is a "pressure", sometimes just implied, that the wedding will be religious.
When they talk about girls. One day I was talking to a girl on the phone and my mother went into my room. Then I told her I was talking to a girl. When I went to the kitchen to get dinner, my mother was very intrusive and really try to get information about that girl. I was feeling so embarrassed that I told my mom « you should not be talking to me this was » before leaving the table.
Even in the Netherlands it's considered shit beer
Penectomy then eat my dick
Try it. Yes you can.
Which results in 99.9% of unwanted pregnancies are the man's fault. Sorry, not sorry.
In Dubai I went to school with this girl who had a Scottish, American, Australian accent, though her first language was Arabic
I want to know “What would mom’s cover story be?”
It will help if we get our jump to conclusions map
So much this.
r/showerorange
Amway. People just need to stop it. Been around way too long
The day I got my dog. I've wanted a border collie my whole life, I love them. I went to the SPCA, "just to look". And they showed me this 2yr old little baby that had been returned three times already. She immediately hugged me so she was the one I chose. She had heart worms, they didn't know if she was house trained, she was terrified of everything, they believed she was severely abused- but having been abandoned myself it almost felt like the universe sent my dog to me.   Her heartworms are gone, she plays with my cat and loves walks and affection from anyone. She's not afraid anymore. And Im really happy I walked in to the SPCA that day
You like cuddling dudes?
People who come in to work hungover and expect an easy time. Like fuck no you made the choice to drink way too much before a morning shift, its self inflicted.
Drowning everything in mayo.
Yes mixing gets it pretty close. I used to ask specifically for paulaner spezi. I wasn't a big fan of Mezzomix. It got the job done but not my preference when craving a spezi.   Then again I could have also gotten a beer for the same price. It's shocking how cheap beer is there compared to a soda. The sodas aren't even free refill. I was very annoyed the first time I stepped into a basic restaurant and ordered a soda and got a single can for something like 3.40 euros while a beer of high quality German beer was 3.80 euros. And then it didn't even come with free refills! With that said after enough time I didn't crave that much soda anyway. Our sodas in the states are grossly oversized. Fortunately I have now a taste for basic soda water (water with gas). Which ironically is 9/10 times free in most American restaurants with free refills... Lol
Hey. Life is too short. Shoot your shot. If you want to be more than friends, it’s not going to matter about losing them as an actual friend.  You want more. Go for it. There are more people to be friends with if it doesn’t work out. The potential gain Is greater than the loss. If it doesn’t work out put it behind you.
My mom reading the Harry Potter books to my brothers and I as kids and even well into our teens by the time the last one came out. She would build a sheet fort and sit down and read a few chapters a night to us and it was the most special thing ever.
The bond between an idiot and his convictions
All hail Pangea!
>im not particularly fussed in gatekeeping what is and isn't a sport  It's kind of silly, isn't it? Whether or not something is a "sport" is a question with no substance whatsoever. It's pure semantics. The actual question isn't what is and what is not a sport; the actual question is what arbitrary definition do you ascribe to the word "sport."  Under one definition, this or that activity is a sport. Under another definition, it isn't. So what've we accomplished? Since there's no inherent significance or value as to whether an activity is a sport or not, all you've done is put together an arbitrary box and arbitrarily decided what does and doesn't go into it.
Chain popped off while I was riding a bike and the pedal came around and took a nice chunk out of my ankle. Didn’t even notice until my friend told me.
Wasn’t even fried lol no fat in sight. More like a stir boil than a stir fry 🤣🤣
All that highly processed stuff with highly unhealthy vegetable oil.  You can make everything at home with butter, duckfat or wagyu tallon - cheaper and way better!
That depends, are we ever going to have doctor assisted suicide for the terminal STD called life?
Don't try and church it up, son. Don't you mean Dirt?
You are giving or receiving? In both cases anyway it depends A LOT on if you like it or not. For some is heaven, for some is tight sex+shit.
There is plenty of evidence to disprove gods.
Cancer probably
Just enough to buy a house and in a place where I can get away from family, change my name and be gone.
Ketchup on anything than a burger is just the worst thing to happen to food that I have personally seen. Eggs? What the fuck. And too many people use copious amounts, there's no way you would taste anything else. Damn, just drink it at that point.
Yeah it’s true but it probably happens less nowadays than ever. With all the cameras and people more aware of the situation I fell it’s safer than ever outside. At least I hope that to be the case
Pretty much all medical organisations (including the WHO) recommend breastfeeding for up to four years, although it becomes more supplemental as the child gets older.
They should last until I say it's okay to finish. Any less than that and it's time for punishment...
Yeah, it was really chilling how he always wanted to murder B art Simpson.
mans job is to fill all holes
How is helicopter not here?
Humor…. Humor… who would ask this question to their parents…
Marmite
NHS
Nude guitar hero
I've seen so many comments now that result in the asked provide beers for the askee. Starting to think this might be a conspiracy, the gay community are just trying to get free drinks by asking out straight men!
Shut up, play’s over, we know everything, save those excuses for the judge
Sharts
so we can send it to the poor community
i saw a guy on a bike get hit in the head with a metal bat 5 times
I don’t think you can ‘not worry’ about the future of your friendship. It’s just as likely there won’t be one as there will. Overcoming fear happens when you do whatever it is despite your fear. You “just do it anyway”. It helps to think about the drawbacks of not doing it. It doesn’t help to think about the drawbacks of doing it. We all know we don’t get anywhere without trying, except for things like breathing which we do subconsciously. We may not practice being mindful of every little effort we make, like getting out of bed, brushing our teeth, etc etc. But if you take the time to be mindful you may see how you manage to overcome many concerns. As you confront your fears you may find they lessen all the time. I think it’s more troubling that we can’t just drop those feelings of attraction etc when the subject doesn’t feel the same. I wish there was an off switch for those feelings in those situations.
Federal  Republic of  Earth  United  Democratic  Entities  🎵Schöner Götterfunken, Tochter aus Elysium 🇪🇺
Newly dead body after he was shot in broad daylight
We have Cuban doctors and engineers here. Turns out we are paying for them and yet the government won't hire local doctors and engineers for projects. Its become quite a sore point.
Good subs
Got to go fast. No time to get dressed.
Not caring that she fucked Lumburg
... Take me dancing naked in the rain...
Visited some friends recently and we pulled them fresh out of the garden and cooked them over an open fire. OMG!!
Parents who moan at us about their child’s behaviour or development problem, yet flat out refuse to listen to any advise or attempt to approach it in anyway. If they can’t be bothered to listen or even try, why moan at us about it?
It's not just the lube.  Skin tissues deteriorate and for the some the pain is excruciating (and some lubes are actually irritating).  Easily treated, but if "lube and romance" don't work it's nobody's fault.  Just see a gyn.
Keys
People that mistreat others then are met with vicious, ruthless revenge.
Hated
Inside out
I disliked that they started to run out of money in earnest at some point, it was clear they wanted to have a whole Hannibal and Clarice situation between Zaheer and Korra, but that didn't happen and they ended up with 2 episodes along those lines because of the financial hardships.
Yeah I never understood why this is something that works.  It’s savoury dunked into sweet and then consumed.  How does that work?
Joining a private paramilitary entity.
Nobody said they should be deciding other criminals fate.  Its a fact that some crimes are worse than others. Though subjective many do find child predators are the worst.
Both are fine.
Adidas
I'm sorry, could you rephrase that?
Misky toes
Usually 5-10 mins of actual PIV is enough for my wife, but sometimes it takes hours of slow fun. There's no answer, it's not competition you know?
Well, I can start by looking at the world where we live, if there is a god, why is there so much misery and sadness, poverty, etc? The big master plan does not convince me. Also, there is no real evidence of miracles, interventions or any other thing that supports the god hypothesis. No book is evidence, no spoken stories are evidence. Faith is just a religious word for hope, we all have hope about something. Also, imaginary friends are good if you are up to 6/7 years old, I'm not saying people should not believe what they want, but we must challenge our "believes" as we grow older, it's imperative to change perspectives. The same applies to atheist, for sure. But when I tried to just imagine that a god made all this and I started to realize how the world works, there was no way I could agree that there is a god, and an interventionist one. If science lifted so much ignorance on our collective knowledge, why to still insist that god does that science can't explain? In time there will be no more gaps for this idea to hold on to.
How was it?
The Lion King (original)
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It has to be either Spain or China
My boyfriend eating loads of spicy food knowing he'll suffer the next day.
Etsy
play helicopter.
That’s illegal.
RIP Harambe. Senseless waste.
I’m going against the title of this thread because I’m not 100% sure, but I feel like Courtney Love had something to do with Kurt Cobains death.
Apollyon basically means "we can't contain it and it will destroy the world, there's basically nothing we can do"  It started with a single entry that was honestly really cool. It has a bunch of hidden stuff and it acts like you need security clearance to view more. Eventually the article reveals at the highest level of clearance that its keter designation and the ritual documented in its containment procedures are all horse shit for morale and the foundation knows it cannot defeat the entity.   But that was years ago so I'm sure there's been more at this point.
Royal Ass
Attending college classes in pajamas (and in bed). Or really just doing anything else during lecture (eating, cleaning, etc.)
Please allow me to introduce myself....
Dropped acid once in college (the one and only thing I've ever tried) during summer classes.   I didn't feel a thing for roughly an hour then had to use the restroom and the linoleum floor started shifting and then I spent what felt like another hour looking in the mirror into my own eye.  From there we left the house and went to a party and my cheeks hurt so bad from the constant smiling yet felt an incredible amount of paranoia that it was obvious what I was on.    Everything was fine and weird but the one thing I didn't know was that there was no way I was going to be able to sleep that night.  So after the party we went back to the house we rented and ended up playing badminton in complete darkness due to the eye dialation.   Lots of little weird things but nothing life altering or crazy visions.
Nothing. Theres no point in being naked if im not about to have sex
Bitch I'm gay and have sex with my dad.
Putting catchup on tamales.
the Brits! They should be forbidden from cooking anything..
As everyone knows, gay/bi people do no exist and women are incapable of sexual desire, duh
And a pack of Winnie blues
Kept showing up at my house. Would spam me with texts constantly (over one hundred in half an hour). Threatened to kill himself every time I asked him to respect my boundaries. And also threatened to come to my house, murder me and then kill himself over my body so we’d be together in death.   He was my first boyfriend, seemed completely normal when we were dating (a little immature but normal). I’d planned on staying friends with him after I broke up with him until he literally went crazy.
Not advice. A sucker punch.
Shower
SCP-999
If Silksong was released right now
But we all also gather food, but gathering food is not my profession.  No, this means there was a full time prostitute exchanging her body for all kinds of things and services.    Food was just a currency back then.
Scooter gang
Why do you put any stock in Catholic documents?
[/r/dontyouknowimtonyhawk/](https://www.reddit.com/r/dontyouknowimtonyhawk/)
Absolute bollox.  We live 40mins from London, have high speed broadband and a hell of a lot to do around us. Perhaps stop making such bold and inaccurate statements based on your own assumptions.
Maybe draw. It's my lunch break I'll do hwat I wahnt.  Also, the Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell, and you have a nice face but outdated shoes.
She was a slut in my math class
I had surgery and couldn’t shower for 2 weeks. Baby wipes helped but I know I smelled.
The all interior surfaces of buildings, including stairs and interior walls
BeeGettin outta here!!!!
I have trouble with sleeping (medications).  So not for myself.  I try and watch in the living room.    I get jealous when people can fall asleep to tv I rarely do.
What’s immoral about that?
As long as it's the original owner, it's safe. Don't know about the wider family. Some EU countries have laws to prevent family members inheriting and flogging more than a certain percentage. The UK does not.
Clementine
Panjia
Beach volleyball.
Ive honestly never ever thought about this..   I'm not sure I've ever called it quits. I've just sat on the toilet until it creeps out. The longest was maybe an hour until it finally came? Can't say for sure as I've never timed it.
I make breakfast everyday, usually egg and bread based. Meal prep Sunday keeps me going for the rest of the week.
Public bus
Everyone should make an effort to please their partner but there is no time frame of how long men should last. It's totally natural to not last long, just make an effort to please your partner and they will appreciate it.   My long term partner is often self-conscious about how long he "lasts" but he puts in effort and makes me feel loved and wonderful. If I need more I can do it myself.
>Not sure how accurate any of that is but its what I got from it.  None of it is accurate.
Do it on your back. Not doggy it causes too much pain. In missionary both partners can enjoy it
Doesn't matter how rough it is, they don't deserve any sympathy (or empathy) from me. I don't care about what my mom and dad went through because in the end they fucked up my life. That's evil. Their childhood doesn't matter. Them being abused themselves doesn't matter. They chose to have me, and chose to fuck everything up. Their pain doesn't make them somehow "less bad". He was a grown ass adult, he was not the crying child being abused by his mother anymore, and she was a grown ass woman, she was not the sad little girl being mistreated anymore. They had the choice to fix their shit, they didn't. That's their own fault. They knew exactly what they were doing. Fuck both of them.
Anywhere that does not all restaurants to cook their burgers any less than well done.
Drug addicts. Especially when they die from OD
Years ago (don't even remember how many) I took a boat trip to Murano and visited a glass blowing shop that had tours. It was mesmerizing to watch their work and later having a chat, one of the artists commented on how he could not compete with the prizes of Chinese knock offs and that most tourists didn't even care where their bauble came from, as long as they bought it in Venice so they could show it off later. It was very sad. The little vase I bought from him is one of my most treasured possessions. It's beautifully crafted and has many good memories associated with it.
God, i wish i was invisible. Just fucking disappear and spend the rest of my life as a phantom. Then, if i ever want to reappear, I'd put on a top hat and monocle and become like a celebrity or some shit. Hollywood loves freaks.
Some hotels, restaurants throw their left over food from buffers or from their show cases. Not even allowing employees to take home. At least give it homeless people.
That is not what you previously stated is the funniest joke you had ever heard
A deep dark void
“Do I have enough money for this shit”
Spotify says my top song of all time is getaway car by Taylor Swift. I got Spotify in 2015 and only really listened to radio hits before that and some Emo shit, so getaway car is probably the one I’ve listened to the most ever
How does that even work ? Maybe they did a 69 before but if I know anatomy the mouth isn't linked to the ovaries in any way.
I was born without an ass!  I already told you that!
Dogs. So much for vegans having beasts that crunch countless small lifes everyday to satisfy their bloodlust and passion for flesh.
AH-- nearly got me there!!   You know what, that's a fucking good spirit to take on.   Haha not even the drugs do.  Somethings seriously wrong with my brain chemistry, but at least it fends off the drug addiction. Am I right?  But isn't that a good thing? I've found at least one good thing and I'm sure you'll find another tomorrow and the next day after and then the next and we'll slowly climb ourselves out of this sinkhole. And life will be better.
Okay. So, why is people of different cultures don't always need Disney for their ideas?
I understood why the rules of when numbers can be divided by three work this way
I don’t know what Beat Saber is but it doesn’t sound non-sexual
Bipolar 1  It's taken me 10 years to get a handle on this one. And I missed out on my 20's.
You must be constantly enraged
Agnostic here sorry to but in, but I’m turned off from the concept of God by fundamentalists who have interpreted their religions to kill nonbelievers and forcibly convert their lgbt children among other things. I’m not completely convinced that a creator being never existed though
Frying bacon
Plot twist, that's their kink.
fetus deletus
Wanting desperately to talk to a loved one who has passed and not being able to. Knowing that you could search the entire planet for them and you won't be able to find them. It is the most hollow and lonely place to be, mentally.
During the old testament when people had the original sin, and had to cleanse that burden through sacrifice.    Not so in the new testament.  Also, all those people will be resurrected into eternal paradise. Which is much more important than the extremely short and often very tough life we have now.
Vice Grip Garage
I felt that
I kinda assumed he had some wicked doctors and some meds constantly on hand.  We can never forget the sacrifices he's made to bring us some solid T.V viewing 🤣
Ben Simmons
Jumping jacks
Do people not proofread their titles?
Yeah it's so damn nice in onsen
A sibling dying
Would you buy a car without test driving? A house without going inside? I think dating and seeing if you're physically and sexually compatible is super important before deciding on long term, to me anyway. I had a girlfriend and we did not gel sexually, and it was a part of things not working. Waiting to me isna weird thing contructed to control women, cause virgin women were better etc etc. Fuck that. I want someone with experience so they know what they want.
Legos
I have a friend who can only poop naked. And he does it every time: fully gets undressed in any bathroom or stall.
I just have no sympathy
White rice is great if you’re having some runny stool. It will help solidify it - it’s what we fed our dogs at the boarding facility I worked at when they had diarrhea.
Bleach smells good, it tastes good
When I was younger I would shave my legs for sports. My girlfriend and I would coordinate our shaving days so we could rub our legs together under the sheets, in a hot tub, while sitting in class together, bus rides, etc.  100% agree that shaved legs can feel so lovely.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t, I don’t mind spending eternity in the bathroom
Idk man, I pooped in the woods a couple times, and it always seemed like there would be some big ass flies (no pun intended) flying around around your ass. I hated the feeling that they were gonna land on my butthole. Big fuckers too. Like you could hear their loud buzzing, right by your butt, and just waiting for them to land on you and bite you. I hate pooping in the woods.
Mosquitos and wasps
Sapio has to do with wisdom/intelligence. Think Homo sapiens (humans) means wise (sapiens) man (Homo).  People also often talk about being sapiosexual. Meaning they get turned in by intellegence. Which I believe is what is being referred to here.
Call me a cynic, but I always find it interesting when "I'm not religious" is immediately followed by an extended explanation of someone's devotion to their god.
All on Black - Alkaline Trio
Hot shower, including an ice cold shower beer. Turn the lights off, sit on the floor of the tub, and keep turning the heat up until you're at your limit. It's like a cognitive reset; used to use this technique (with or without the beer) to get over migraines.
I came home from work early one day to find my gf scrubbing the carpet completely nude. I think she was just cleaning up a spot before taking a shower, but still. Maybe cleaning naked is fun
I dunno about “know” but  I think it’s possible, even likely that this is a simulation. Something fabricated by an artificial intelligence so advanced that it breaks the line between what’s real and virtual. In a previous timeline, we didn’t make it to the stars, so we create something that can make a whole new, inner world. A machine-dream of dilated time that we used to run away from absolute destruction. And we’re about to do it again. An ever-unfolding, amaranthine dream of light running away from its own shadow, playing hard-to-get with a duality that never existed.  But the mind makes it real, and that makes everything a little less cosmically lonely.
Depends:      are you talking about giving or receiving?
Prostitution
Is nature morally wrong now? Also sharks barely kill anyone human and if they do its by accident
If you gotta shit, never quit
Lol she literally fried and stirred and that was it
Act like raiden from metal gear solid
I wouldn't dream of doing it but hey, if others enjoy it, let them
I'll take, "I too misunderstand simple sentences" for 500 thanks Alex.
Swimming for me
Anti vaxers
Eat mac n cheese butt ass naked while drunk.
I admire you're sticking it out for your kid, but yeah you need to get out of that as soon as you can. It sounds like zero effort on her part. And to make matters worse, she says you're unfaithful when you take care of yourself. The last part is a big enough problem.
It’s ok
An omnipotent, omniscient creator is logically barred from doing anything about child rape, in fact is logically barred from any action at all.
My father is a commercial airplane pilot, free business class and first class seats
People who try to dump their bad behaviour on "depressions"   "Sorry that I said that to you but I have depressions xoxoxo"
It was hard at the time though. And one day you might look back from the future and think the same about now.
Well currently we don't even have true ai since they all trained with datasets
Moomin.  Too bad people almost always think it is from some other country.
Op speak from experience, naturally
That is true given the stereotypes about Pyramids and camels that I've encountered when I was abroad haha.
The Devil
when i had covid so god can take me from misery
On my way to leverage the questions market.
[def this](https://youtu.be/Gsy5sJy5_34)
Stonehenge
Anti vaxxers or protestors who catch Covid sucked in
I guess I got really lucky, my family had the whole park to ourselves and it was a blast.  We far more unlucky though because my brother had cancer.
You meant thyme and garlic
Idk the characters name but the main character in buried because spoiler:     He basically gets buried alive in a coffin because the police went to the wrong area to rescue him after he thought he was gonna make it out.
so the hammer throw isnt a sport ? what r u defending there ?
Believing is expecting something to be true, yes.   My definition of true doesnt matter. What matters is that a lack of evidence does not make a truth (which was your initial claim). Any good scientist will agree with that.
Guilty! No further punishment...
You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves into
What's better than the swiss'
People who film themselves giving homeless people food or clothes then post it like they should get an award
297974
Showering. And singing in it if you feel like it.
Heineken
I agree with you but North America didn't pioneer the abolishment of slavery.  Where I live slavery has been illegal for 700 years (domestically at least; there was a small colonial island with a couple of ships running up until the early 1800's).
Pretend to be an alien pretending to be a human that wants to learn about humans
Having kids
Eating at places that aren't in my home city, seeing sights that are famous in that place, and my personal favorite, checking google to see if the city I'm in has a restaurant that was on Man v Food so I can try it.
Cannolis. With melted caramel, strawbs and raisins
Luckily with COVID that strategy isn't working so well for them any longer.
I'm as confused as a goat on astro turf.
When you treat me like you do
Never sample your own product. :)
No, it is not overrated, Canada is a very nice place and it is not too crowded with tourists, in fact, it has less tourist arrivals than China, Spain, France, and the US.
Vegemite and honey on crumpets
It would be hella scary. People would have to actually go to places to find stuff out. Humankind would have to construct buildings to hold information. They would probably give it a scary name as well, like *library*.
Good luck.  Thank you. It took me a few months, but it was over 20 years ago, so it has long since healed now.
Buy counterfeit clothes/ sneakers/ clothing accessories then sell them on Facebook marketplace as real (I know someone who’s been doing this for 2 and a half years and has made around 20k)
Lynching and killing Muslims
Ajvar
Honestly, probably the US National Anthem. It plays at every sporting event, and I watch a veritavle shit-ton of sports.
Hamburger you mean a Hamburg steak as in the German city of Hamburg right
As long as I cum idc. Even if it means he uses his hand or mouth to finish up. People can't help it. I don't mind, as long as they take a few moments to make sure I'm satisfied, too.
Then you are exactly where many people who are legitimately homeless are. Hopeless. Stuck. Unable to get forward traction, assuming they even have the motivation to continue trying.
Uh, did you never cuddle with your family as a kid? Cuddling definitely isn't inherently sexual.
like letting a big drug shipment in?
Only after I've thoroughly fingered my anus
I have to play in underwear or I get too sweaty
TATA
sports don't need to be competitive. sports were designed to enjoy, and later were they used to compete against one another for entertainment purposes. its a sport, as it falls under the oxford definition of "an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or a team competes against another or others for entertainment"
We should buy some gatorade..
Not everyone is special, not everyone is important.
Aye.
People who decide within ten minute of a freeway exit that this is *their* exit and merge without looking across four lanes to make the exit in time
Rapists.  I hope they all get castrated or burnt alive, whichever is the worst.
Ford
Could be better, could be a lot worse, depends on circumstances
Okay here's a joke. I'm gay and i have sex with my dad.
r/technicallythetruth
Florida man.  I skinny dip in my heated pool all the time.  It's lovely
Until my leg falls asleep
There are no immoral ways if you give the Left at least half of it !
Who did you see? A professor, a classmate, just a random person you see in school regularly, but don't know about them?
Them too short shorts.
Hahaja
Chances are I’m lying here alone watching YouTube so I likely don’t even notice.
My wife and I got married on July 3 and the first time we had sex was on July 3.  Just, nobody ask about the years, ok?
I mean it would also be good for drugs. Its multi-purpose. Lets not take that completely off the table here. You know what probably goes really well with cup-o-noodles? Heroin.
Facebook
I laughed harder than I should have at this.
shit on the floor and trow it at people becose none can forget that
A hot quickie would suit my mood quite well rn
If nothing comes out by the time the song I am listening to is over, I call it quits.
Ford
“You don’t get off until she gets off first” - A true Gentleman
I’ve been playing two really long games recently. RDR2 and The Witcher 3.
MLM scheme, become a family court lawyer, invest in guns and prisons during Republican rule
Ok I’m full, you win
Actually it is. https://www.nestle.com/brands/allbrands/milo
Overhyped.  Is it better than regular sex? For some people, Yes. Is it in another league of satisfaction for the male? No.
Currently, in the U.S., we do not have free speech. There have been thousands of lawsuits dealing with the first amendment that have narrowed down what speech is permitted, and what is not. I don't believe hate speech should be protected. Those protections are there to save lives, and protect people.  And I'm sorry, but I can speak very personally that one's racial identity can factor highly in their individual identity, whether they like it or not. And it's only because of those who continue to treat people differently because of their nationality, or color of their skin that the entire thing is an issue. There is no reason why a person's racial identity SHOULD influence their individual identity, but the fact of the matter is that it does, unfortunately, have an influence.
Painful.
*puts hand on heart*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
would be fun to kick them around tbh
Cadbury
Same as now, there isn't any
My friends and I were playing cod together and talking about regrets we had. One of my friends said he killed a guy, and the tone of his voice sounded gleefully secretive. Before I realized he was talking about the video game, I felt grosser than ever.
candy. Only my favourites thanks.
I've been told that I "Suck the fun out of life." before which is kinda similar.  After I seriously questioning him about it, analyzed the statement, and then questioned him a few more times, it turned out what he was referring to was my ability to nitpick the flaws out of anything.  But in truth, I like fun things. I just also like to know if the fun thing will break at random, and if you show me a fun thing and I notice a way it can break easily, I'll warn *you* so you get to keep it for longer.  It turns out some people confuse risk analysis with pessimism. Who knew? So as long as whenever he showed me something he thought was fun, and I realized was terribly flawed, I smiled and spared myself the waste time of explaining, he remained happy. Right up until it broke. Then he said things like "Whoa, who knew it could do that? Man that sucks."  Meanwhile, I'm ten feet away biting back the biggest I-wanted-to-tell-you-so.
/r/casualconversation or /r/pointlessstories
Why where you at a gay bar?
Money. Having enough money so you don't need to worry about housing etc, and being able to cut back the number of hours needed to work would massivley help ease the pressures of life.
Happened to me. I just said no and told him i am not gay. Since then he has followed me on all social media switched schools and started at my school, he always stares at me and makes little hearts with his hands and points at me and wont leave me alone.
Really any kind of Protestant evangelism. You don’t need any real credentials, just a group of buds that agree you fit into their club and a not-for-profit enterprise backing you.
Well, i bet your saunas aint at 85-100c below that we call them just hotrooms or what ever. But yes it need temprature and very poor air circulation and lot of people in a small space with chlorine water soaked skin and swinsuits. Milder symptoms would be tickling/"bite?" eyes and rash on your skin, something ive experienced. But atleast in Finland saunas you are required to take a shower before going to sauna from pools.
Isn't it sad that teachers are resigning more and more?   I am going to stick around for a while still, but so many of my friends have switched careers.
wrong hole
It came from cousinfucking. Because it’s true. I can say this and you know why.
Bar soap in shower, body wash in bath. I don’t know why but that’s the way it is for me.
…the devil. (Sorry)
The bills are often incredibly long and sufficient time to look it over is not always given.
Probably the Pokémon battle theme
Remember kids when someone asks "what would jesus do?".  Flipping over tables and chasing people with a whip is an option.
they some prounfits haha
You have to be really bad at the game to hit your dick while playing
assuming my aging stops, i would change all the dates of everything 5 years forward, make everybody lay down,  trash the world up a little and live it up, and then fill a ton of fields with crop circles.  Then start time and convince everyone that i've been alone on earth for 5 years
this
Anti- vaxxers who catch covid and end up on a ventilator
The most punchable face
I believe every thing in the is like the structure of atom, like the electron revolve around the nucleus in fixed orbit, the earth revolve around the sun in fixed orbit aswell, the sun orbits the centre of gravity and the galaxy must orbit around something bigger, and if we take the whole universe then there should be a superior thing around which it orbits. In conclusion it makes it never ending heirachy of bodies acc. to their mass/size
I like to bounce mine (gently) and go "boing, boing, boing."
I love anal but needing to do preparation to make sure that I'm clean and safe for it before hand turns me off about it most of the time. I'd much rather have PIV.
I’ve never had a pop tart.
Volume sliders in video games. You mean to tell me you had the time to add 60 seperate sliders, including one for tha sound of bird shit going splat, but a main volume slider was too much to ask for?
Gym memberships are usefull, just for shower and stuff Also librarycard
Crack
Yesssss 🥴
No it never made me want to get married in a church it made me want to stay away from it more tbh, and the registry office I got married in had a lot of army bits in there which was related to my husbands regiment so thought that fitted better tbh. I bet some people probably do get married because of movies but i don’t know anyone who’s got married in a church, just seems abit old school, because nowadays you can get married anywhere really
Nöm
Swim
Checkia roughly.
Thousands of crimes
Okay I give up
A tighter hole
What a terrible line of thinking lol. What if Germans said that about the Holocaust?
Zeppelin wasn't a new band. I mean, they were new, but not really....  They were built from The Yardbirds, which was-- for a hot minute-- one of the most highly respected electric blues bands in Britain. In America they were not as popular, but still would have been known to everyone in the industry, as well as any guy who picked up a guitar.   As The Yardbirds splintered, Jimmy Page ended up with the rights to use the name. He bought in Page and Plant, who were just making a name for themselves in Britain, and John Paul Jones, who already had a solid reputation in the industry. They were going to be "The New Yardbirds", playing the Yardbirds catalog. The first album has a bunch of material Page was saving for the next Yardbirds album, like "Dazed and Confused".  The band name was changed in the 11th hour. In spite of the name change, everybody who was anybody in the music industry ran out to get the album as soon as it dropped.   I can't think of what the equivalent would be today. I guess, The Foo Fighters? You have one known star bringing in up-and-comings, and all the Nirvana fans ran out to but the album.
Knives
this is the way
We are the only animal on this planet with an overpopulation, but being handled like an endangered species that must be protected. Sharks are more harmless than most other predators.
TATA
The capital 'G' God of the Bible? I don't believe in it because it doesn't exist. Other gods? Because there is no sound reason to believe that they do exist.
Probably Sweet Dreams by Marlyin Manson.
I miss Lays. So hard to find here.
Torrents
You need food to live, right, so respect the food. Same goes to water and other reasources. You be thankful and appreciative and respectful towards the things that gives you life and a quality of life. Be humble.
Depends on the context, because these days put that label on a not racist things.
Vilgax, enough said.
kill a virtual pet hanging from their keychain!
One of my friends got his steam account hacked.  Someone from a common server sent him a dm on discord apologizing for reporting his steal account by accident and that he needed to talk to someone else to prevent his account from getting banned.  My friend DM'd the second guy and got sent a link to log in on steam and all, which should've been a red flag but he still did it.   At this point he called me to help him because it was taking some time and the first thing I said when he told everything to me was "bro you really fell for that ? That's a scam, if you logged in your account is dead"   Then soon after how account was fully locked but I helped him making an account recovery demand and he got it back 2 days after.
Those uppity bastards.
And now, a word from the President  Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.  Gettin' voted into the White House, everything lookin' good to the people of the world.  But the Mafia family is my boss, so every now and then I owe a favor gettin' down
The amount of time you last isn't really important, foreplay is important. It can actually be quite flattering for a guy to "finish fast" as long as he takes proper care to make sure you get what you need, too. No rolling over and falling asleep if she still hasn't orgasmed, fellas and remember, peeing after sex reduces the chances of getting a UTI! 😊
I’m being an ominously threatening globalist shill
IKEA, Volvo
I'm asking because I live in Korea and I want Jollibee so bad. I've never heard of there being one here.
a sport is defined by the oxford english dictionary as "an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or a team competes against another or others for entertainment". no where does this mention any judging, bc sports were initially invented for fun, and not to compete.  ppl change the definition as such to gatekeep certain sports for whatever reason they see fit, but for no personal advantage. no one benefits from saying gymnastics isnt a sport.
Spiders and clowns!
I took 6 weeks off for my summer vacation this year and did nothing special at all for the entire time. It was nice. Just frollicked in my garden. Went swimming in the lake. Etc. You should move to a more humane country
Prostitution
You know, when islamic terrorism was a big problem in India, there were serial blasts in Indian cities. What are Hindus doing today that's comparable to that?
Don’t Stop Believin’ by Journey I would guess.
Take a bath.
In Germany pissed after a huge town festival getting into the back seat of a police car thinking it was a taxi and then getting promptly kicked out again by the police .. then getting finally into a taxi argued with the driver because he didn't want to drive me.. finally I got a  30 sec drive to my hotel which was about 150 Meters from where I was... ooofff.. a little drunk I'd say that night..
Skype
Yes! Did it at home this morning, very refreshing. Boobs can get in the way a bit but that's normal in general.
I'll bet you Republican Jesus didn't lol. People get so mad when you state that Jesus was a socialist, which is, by all means, truthful.
How obscene. His presence has defiled your chat
LSD. Also swimming naked on LSD.
Papież
My patience runs out when it comes to human traffickers, warmongers, and/or those who deliberately deceive and/or abuse multitudes of people without remorse.
Please no jokes. Just tell me about the joke
That guy Terry from the movie Soul
Fapping in rain?
exploit poor country's like nestlle
The Macarena. That's just because the Macarena is so fun it's even fun to do completely naked.
Pretend to be a local.
Sir this is reddit. Your and my opinion is just as irrelevant as everyone else’s here. Maybe go ask your mum to give you a hug seems like you need one
Eyes, everyone will littarely be blind
Omfg. Something Corporate! What a blast from the past, I had forgotten about them. Was the song, "I woke up in a car"?
Run for public office
Talk for yourself. In germany it is literally forbidden to wear swim suits inside a sauna
Laying on your bed naked after a shower
When the tips go crunchy!
Mosquitoes
You said you hate yourself, but you think you have a good personality. Same for incels.  The fact is if you had a good personality, people would like you. How’s that going?
Shit
No it's a joke.
If it's someone I have been dating for a while - "am I financially ready this?", "Can I financially support her?", "is this the right time?", "Am I ready for this jump in commitment?", "Do I love this woman this much to raise a family together?"
You know, somewhere in the world there is probably some poor dude who was named one of those things at birth and then suffered a terrible tragedy that cost him all his limbs, and I bet he HATES those fucking jokes.
They would certainly better understand the sound of a whisper.
Terra/Gaia
Spiders
.380 acp
Cleaning 😂
Ketchup on a a fillet steak
Awesome taste
Hate the feeling of my thighs touching, as well. I still manage to sleep naked by either placing a hand between them or laying in a very spread out way.
NOT COOKING BACON OMG
Porn actress
waffle stomping
…where the police can pick you up for vagrancy, eliminating your opportunity to acquire work? Public parks have hours of operation and they do close.
Happy birthday to you.
Vegimite
✍🏻 ✍🏻 ✍🏻
Expects something to be true? Ok, what's your definition of true.
I used to tow for the state police.    The guy who was getting a spare tire from his trunk when a semi truck rear-ended him.  Wife and 2 kids in the car.  Sparing the details, only the wife survived and he was unrecognizable as a human.  The sight was bad, but I've never forgotten the smell.
Racing games and RPGs mostly.
What do you do with the body afterwards?
If time has stopped, how is there a time limit?
Polski Sklep 😏
run the gauntlet
People who complain about where they are in life but do absolutely nothing to better themselves or their life.
This is serious
Just taking a water break…by water I mean tonic water….. by tonic water I mean gin and tonic
Cult Leader
I'm dead man. Hahahahahahaha... Sorry that happened to you though. But hahahaha!
69, it implies a sex position but is really just a number.
Bata
Sadly, every ER doc that has worked for a while has seen a child die of asthma. Doing everything you can and they just get bluer and bluer and die is terrible. Anything involving children is hard.
Idk about pool but snooker i like to watch and it looks like a sport to me.
I like to wrap my dick around my waist and tie it like a saiyan tail.
Swim. I don't know why losing a thin layer of fabric over your genitals makes such a huge difference but it's amazing! The entire experience is raised to another level
Are you a parent? That sounds like a situation I’ve been in.   No, don’t like the smell also.
Também dá sim senhor. Só não disse sagres porque tenho a sensação que a nível de vendas gerais a super bock é maior?? Posso tar enganado.
You should watch that Rick and Morty episode where Rick, Morty and Summer runs into Rick’s ex on a planet she’s overtaken with mind control.   Long story short she loses her mind control a bit over them, they remember who they are again and the aliens had a system of racism and class tiers based on the shapes of their bellybuttons XD.
Long hot baths. Ahhhhh.......
Giving or receiving?
Rolls Royce
Get the Pope/ Vatican account and tweet and I’m gay and so is Jesus
I'm Australian and live in Australia and have travelled overseas a lot.   Pros: culture is laid back and leisurely (work to live culture), pharmaceuticals are cheap, affordable healthcare, food is top notch, massive coffee culture, wildlife is cool, beaches are amazing, weather is good (well depends where you are but anywhere below Brisbane is good), high wages, good employment benefits (4 weeks annual leave, sick leave, long service, maternity/paternity), it's extremely safe, multicultural, people are generally friendly, life is pretty easy here.  Cons: tech advancements take more time to arrive here, it's a conservative place so things like marijuana legalisation won't happen for a really long time, lots of rules and bureaucracy, property prices are insane (especially in Sydney and Melbourne), it's a long way from anywhere (well except SE Asia), alcohol and cigarettes are very expensive (except I'd say wine is very affordable), no real constitutional rights (freedom of assembly, speech etc).   Hope this helps!
Feet
I tried orange juice and Cheerios once when I ran out of milk.  Wasn't half bad.
"That whole ""whip/ nay nay"" one, whatever that was called."
grab someone and hide them
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Raspberry Pop Tarts. I live in Japan and we don't have them here.
"Racism and greed. And definitely the school board that said feeding children free lunches would ""spoil"" them!"
Yea, the kitchen part definitely made me jump when I was that age.
Women
Stop your friend from getting too far out of hand. If they're your friend, they would listen and you could prevent a ticking time-bomb! Also, listen to your friend if they tell you you are getting out of line! Lots of stupid fights come from someone that thinks that it's a good to go too far and make a fight more inevitable!
Start a go fund me for and lie about the reason
snobs   "i open doors for the people that open doors."  -Aesop Rock
Ah well I don't know that much on the specifics. I just know that when people ordered a Spezi at the restaurant we served them half and half of coke and fanta. I mean, Mezzomix is literally half and half mix, isn't it? Mixing at least gets you close to its taste I guess.
Or even worse.. those who cause the animal to be killed, to "prevent a tragedy" and save their stupid ass.
In high school (and before) i learned that every number squared gives positive value. In college i learned this is not true (complex numbers). Therefore, if they openly lie to us in high school, what other things we take as a scientific facts are not true?
San Diego, dull and ridiculously overpriced, plus the Padres absolutely blew a golden season.
The devil
Tom and Jerry the way they make food and drinks so delicious is so mouth watering
I was more so going for answers about since now it’s kinda common to refer to people who do adult work as “accountants” and how that can create some confusion and I’m sure interesting discussions
Antivaxxers that die from vaccine preventable diseases.
Some high knees and jogging on the spot 👌
Honestly? Houses, and their general structure. A house should be built to last
"Ok hear me out. You got the size and shape correct but you drew the wrong fetish. I'm into exhibitionism, not hardcore bdsm."
Take the first letter from each country and make a string of inspiring words from them.   I can't find an anagram thing to do 195 characters though, they all got limits.   AAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCDDDDDEEEEEEEEFFFGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHIIIIIIIIJJJKKKKKLLLLLLLLLMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNNNOPPPPPPPPPPQEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTUUUUUUUVVVWYZZ  I think that's got it if anyone wants to throw words together.
Televangelist
A gay dude asked me one time if i was straight, i responded "yes, 100 %". He replied "what a waste"   I took it as a compliment.
words can never be enough in situations like this. your friend deserves justice and to be brought home to rest. my heart breaks for him, for you, and for his other loved ones. i'm so sorry.
Lays potato chips
Fruit. Low quality fruit isn’t worth eating.
swimming in the ocean, or in a pool if the conditions (legal) are right. Swimsuits are for \*other\* people (so they don't see you)
Sleep
Burning the garlic.
TOTAL (yoghurt)
Couldn’t get anymore depressing
He would have the most angering smile
Algida would be a confusing one, that franchise has like 26 different names depending on the country
I don’t have one
Holy shit that was *not* a kids show
Ew 😂
EVERY human? no exceptions?
When we stayed up until 5am playing Tetris worlds talking about how fucked up the whole Mickey mouse cast/universe is. We still best friends and have been since jr. high we are both 32 now. They may live in a different state now but we still talk almost every day.
Outrun - everyone has an amazing car
I left two years ago. My salary was $27,000 a year. I went from one beat (health) to 13 by the time I quit. I couldn't keep up. I used to do 3-5 enterprise pieces per year in addition to my regular work. Since I left, the paper hasn't done a single 2-3 part story, there's no investigative reporting anymore (a colleague quit the week before I did and was one of the best I've seen).   It's all just churn out shit to fill space now. One of the main features on the website is "check out houses for sale in town." They have a special Covid section, but the majority of it is press releases and stories from around the state. They haven't done a single story that wasn't built off a press release during the entire pandemic.  The editor who hired me wrote an editorial every single day, for 17 years. The editor there writes a column from time to time (one every six weeks or so) and always finds a way to get Jesus in it.   I honestly only read the paper when someone points me to it now. It's full of garbage and fluff.   I left for many reasons, including only making $14 an hour after nearly six years, the constant push to do overtime off the clock, the regular tantrums of a 56-year old editor, and the new rules, which made it impossible to keep up.  What were those new rules? Two stories per day, each with 3-5 photos for the print edition, a photo gallery, and a video. Our computers had 4GB of ram to do these videos. When Lee Enterprises took over, I quit.   I do a little freelance now and then, but I'm mostly just writing my own stories on substack and getting back to writing that I love doing instead of writing bullshit that makes the editor happy, including not writing stuff because the editor can't handle the pressure from the mayor. Fuck. I need to stop because it all makes me sad and angry.
3ds?
I guess.. i dont know much about the us or mormonism
"Once upon a time it rained and I got naked in it"
What’s your mood right now?
Farming. Without farms Earth would literally die.
Thank you very much. As a gesture of reciprocation, I too will wish for everyone's protection from the supposed horrors of death
Disneyland
Green but I'm biased as hell. Back in high school I remember hanging out with my crush. He laid down on a bench and light reflected in his eyes. He had a dreamy and relaxed look. His eyes were a pretty shade of green.
Freaking out
Whore houses. Oldest business out there
Ever broken your dick?
Music
They’re mean because they don’t understand. Sorry you had to deal with that
Yay
Bake!
Psycho.
I had an older sister who is probably not even religious who went through with it, her husband isn’t even religious. Im just wondering if the classic Romance Movie plots of a women finding a man who they eventually end up getting married in a church has actually made non religious couples wanting to get married in the religious way.
Well yes and no. Yes cuz the doctors could actually see where stuff is and where the infection is but apart from that tiny bit, it would be awful
that's gay dude
How is he unproveable? The Bible gives you some very specific instructions on how you can prove he exists, not the least of which believers should be able to command mountains to move .  What's your definition of disprove? You can disprove the stories of the Bible easy enough. The god described in the Bible can't exist because he's given conflicting attributes. Like I said above some of the claims made about him are patently false.   But here's the thing. I don't need to *disprove* him. You (or the person making the claim) need to prove their claims.   The universe had a creator. Prove it.   That creator is God. Prove it.   God doesn't need a creator. Prove it.
Oh it’s on, I have full fridge of juices and milkshakes, infact I’m drinking a strawberry milkshake right now
I see
And it‘s not like it would taste like anything. The tasteful thing about shark fin soup is the soup itself.
As a kid, I kinda hated cheese, except for Mac n cheese. Now? My blood type is cheddar.
Hiding in trees.
Depression, self harm and suicidal ideation, which wasn't magically cured through prayer.  Inconsistency in the actionw of the christians around me.  Inability for biblical claims based on physical events to be proven/have evidence.  This is just a quick Summary, obviously it's not that simple, but I don't really have the time to go in depth now.
Fire gym   My boy Charizard Magmortar  Blaziken  Wobbuffet Garvantula  Infernape
Uhhhh FB Žalgiris?
>I think getting married after 4 years is too soon though. Engaged sure, not married though.  Ha ha you should hear how we do it here, arranged marriage, two complete strangers bang on wedding night, which is also the first time they met lol ( it is forbidden for the boy and his suitor to meet before marriage, I mean not even a simple phone call or chat is allowed)   Parents choose the suitor according to the family and other stuff, sometimes trivial things like last names also come into play for choosing   Imagine not meeting someone you are gonna marry up until wedding night and also being pressured to do it on the same night as well, the awkwardness lol   I dont think I have any way out of this and in the next 3 years I am gonna experience it first hand, not really looking forward to it though   :(
Only games to hold my attention lately is Ufc 4, Far Cry 5, and recently Fallout 4 with mods actually make it fun  I blew through both South Park RPGs and have been bored of most games since
Damn, it feels good
https://youtu.be/HFka6-3PSRs
Beer
Well, it was disproven observationally in 1998, so if they _still_ believe it, then they are, in fact, alone.
None
Pingo Doce
Since I don't see a lot of them. None I guess.
Pedophiles
Pangea Returns
JP?
Poker
It's absolutely pissing it down right now but it's also 8:30am and I live next to a primary school so probably not today...
It's like difference between an American pizza and an Italian one. One is filled with toppings, loaded with sauce, fluffy bread, maybe even stuffed cheese crust. The other is a floppy soft thin crust with a small amount of sauce and a very few little toppings... German cordon Bleu is basically a schnitzel which they are already really good at making stuffed with multiple melted cheeses (which they are also really good at making) and finished with extra deli slices of ham inside (which Germans also really excel at). I really don't enjoy a basic schnitzel personally. It's just a thin slice of ham filet breaded and fried.. but their cordon Bleu takes it to a level that's worthy of it's fat content.
Making those little slappy sounds. Always makes my wife laugh
Honestly? For the actual act 5-10ish minutes + foreplay  as long as you like
Muggers! 😁
bc im on lesson..
Irn Bru
Very illegal.
Credit. Never ever get into credit debt. Shit starts at 6% but average 15.9%. Seems innocent at $500 but snowballs quickly. Take a personal loan if need be is considerably lower. NEVER EVER GET IN REVOLVING CREDIT DEBIT!!! Even worse is a pay day loan. There is a reason military personnel are forbidden from doing it, there is almost no way out. Credit card interest can be really high especially starting out your financial path and you would not believe how it can railroad you’r future when you are worried about bills and making the minimum payment. Been there and forever done with that. This is not to put you in fear of credit cards, I use mine for cash rewards but pay it every month plus it builds your score.  There is a reason every store has a card and it’s in hopes to get your debt. Rule to live by in this world, if every major company is doing it, it sure as shit ain’t because they want to make less money.
sorry what does sapio mean?
You're not at all. Only people who purposefully demean others are pathetic.  You're good my guy. I know something great will happen to you this year and it'll remind you this life is good.
Cracker Jack
I’ll sleep in the park
“True pizza” is Neapolitan pizza. Every city in the US can argue their pizza is the real deal, but Neapolitan was first and will always be the only “true” way of making pizza. Every other type is a modification.
"seriously, mom, i thought we agreed last time that you weren't going to do this any more"
How did you deserve it lol, like swimming naked was a crime or sth
Left 10 minutes before there was a shooting at the mall. Got stood up by someone  (I forgot if it was a date or friends). Pretty sure I was in the parking lot when it happened but I didn't know till I got home. I think the only thing I noticed was that there was no one going in or out of the mall (all the people locked themselves in the nearest store).
Came to say this. Skinny dipping has ruined swimsuits for me.
Body wash
ban of Gay relationship
Travolta
There are specific forums for 3D design (depending on the software used) but I've found FB and Reddit user groups to be more accessible and helpful.  For model painting it's pretty much the same.  Youtube is also a gold mine of information.
Not notice it.
Gilbert Gottfried
Free to watch via peacock, just know the 1st season is rough but it gets much better after that.
Rejoice, humans have made automated laser turrets and biogentically engineered females that make them sterile if mated with.  Our terrifying darker side can be used on the mosquito population for all I care.  We have been already doing so and we will get our #1 enemy of humanity eventually.
Corners... just imagine the horrors of world without corners...
Pam thought it was ice cream, because it looked like ice cream and Michael wanted ice cream, but they only had Mayo and olives. Michael didn’t like it, though.
I usually just tell my girlfriend that it's her fault for looking so good, but yeah, it usually ends ind the stopping of cuddling
Understand that the image the camera captured is not the same as the subject in front of you. It's actually different. Often I think beginners see something interesting, point the camera at it, and press the shutter. "I took a picture of a good subject, therefore it must be a good photo." But the photo is more than the subject, it is a fully-realized 2-D composition. Learn to see the *entire image* you took. Look at the background, the foreground, the corners, the center the perimeter, everything. How do all the parts work together? Where is empty space, and where is busy space, and how do those relate to each other in a purely visual way? Learn to see how (for example) railroad tracks or a fence visually become a line which lead your eye to a certain spot, or how a lamp becomes a bright spot which attracts your eye, or how an object on the left balances an object on the right. Struggle to see the entire 2D image as a unified composition. Your photo is similar to a painting, in the sense that the placement of every element should be deliberately chosen. (This is actually much, much more difficult than it might seem at first to even understand, much less to master, so don't feel bad if you don't get it right away).
#*IKEA*
Fuck those tps reports.
You realise how much of a 4th wall break is you watching yourself being born?
Depends. Where am I?
CATS WEETH GUITARS?
Can i chose where I'm at when time stops? If so, I'll be at a bank when time stops and I'm taking as much money as I can fit in a duffle bag.
put a bunch of soap or shampoo on the floor and glide across it.
I'm talking about the God that created the universe not the bearded dude that lives on a mountain, shoots lightning bolts out of his hands and fucks horses.  I don't have evidence, do you have evidence that He didn't?
A short hike
Better yet when you have a full bladder and are an ahem larger lady  fat in other words and nurse complains that she can't see shit due to fat I'm big but no bigger than a pregnant lady would be  but not enormous then presses down harder and harder finally tuts says I need to drink more water already want to pee  go back in rams the giant et  plastic finger up  no time to er relax things i swear  to god i wanted to kill that woman finally I get to pee  turns out the typical ring of pearls  on both ovaries and she set me bleeding again i was heavy period for 6 months to start with comes back yep P-COS
i'm yelling   SLUGS BACK!  with a collection of hubcaps
Twitter is used by people all over the world.  The US has invaded and bombed quite a few countries the last few decades.  China hasn't.
Well honestly their not wrong.
Best friend is Jewish. I got in on that tradition as soon as I found out. Its way better for a poor/cheap person like me anyhow.
Ekipa,  a brand only known in my home country
I was going to comment "people that legit resist arrest" and then saw your comment.  I'll toss mine here.  You can dislike the cops all you want, but when they give you commands and then you act confused at their forceful response to you not listening... what did you think was going to happen?
Watch the movie Martyrs
Australia are locked in to support US right, the US want to play games with Chinas plan for sovereignty (Taiwan)... and that’s just one way we could be involved with China beef
I meant like enjoy being that young. I understand that I'm still a kid, and I still have a long way to go, but it was just so much easier when I was little.
How much matter the singularity of a black hole has
No. It's the funniest joke I've ever heard.
Sounds like the Duggars.
Well you ended up making this the most platinum awarded post for the day, which is how I found it. If it weren't for your mix-up I never would have read this masterpiece.  https://old.reddit.com/r/topcommentoftheday/comments/pyyrmg/september_30th_2021_top_comment_of_the_day/
I don’t even want to try to deny that I do this.
Sure, if you are not trying to go back to the shelter in time to get any sleep that night.
Fry bacon
Dammit. Stepped in the toilet again. Why do I keep putting my feet where I poop my invisible logs smh
Socialists/communists/marxists.  If you are too ignorant or lazy to read a history book… then good luck rotting in hell.
This is the right answer.
That's a good question. I like to think ju jitsu but in terms of fairy tales I'd say The Little Sister of the Giants
wow that is very shady.
Money. Heaping piles of money and maybe a motorcycle.
I appreciate it.
Snakes.
Earning just enough to be able to do whatever it is that personally makes you happy. I believe it's inheritantly different for us all.
Its not physical pain its emotional. I know thats lame but w/e depression sucks as a kid.
Go to bed with fresh bedding on
Saving private ryan.
Oh, good, you noticed. Prozac must finally be working to be elevated to that level.
That is certainly not the case.  Just read this very thread again, many are justifying the nuclear bombings.
Not sure what answers you expect. It's not like we're fighting dragons every night, we just work with boring numbers and laws.
It's a lawless country man, the fucking wild west out there. It's essential to own a gun in SA but that's just my opinion. We have some of the highest murder rates out there
Joseph Smith, the guy who created Mormonism, is from Vermont.
Reading, it's one of my favourite hobbies and allows me not only to learn but to lose myself in someone else's life for a while.  Dates with my husband despite being together for 9 years and married for 7. We have made a rule that we turn our phones off during those times so we can focus on each other.
Yes I agree. But both of these examples were “at work”- supposedly throwing shoes at extras and being kind to someone he literally did not have to speak to (me). So I wanted to give this example- especially because of the point someone made further down about getting a bad rep for 1 interaction out of 100 where the other 99 were positive
Not going to Woodstock with my friends because I had to work.
I can orgasm in 90 seconds if I’m properly stimulated before penetration. So anything over that is fine xD  It can take all night and not being enough if the foreplay was mediocre, tho.
People who lose large amounts of money because they think they’re smarter than everybody else.
Nothing
delicious
People who think it's OK to kill someone for something they believe, say or write.
Marmite is Yeast extract, its ink black and tastes like concentrated yeast. Even the producers sell it with the line "love it or hate it"
Humans
Navman
lol light sour creme? Just use yoghurt if you want to have less fat.
Throwing gas on a brush pile and lighting it, many offroading incidents, my appendix, getting lost in the woods at age 5, falling asleep at the wheel on an hour and a half ride home and waking up in my driveway
Nice guys.
Feels pretty good, requires a bit of effort. Is mostly great if the receiving partner is into it and enjoys it. The psychological aspect is much better than the physical.
Ferrari
I don't own a firearm. I want one, but it is illegal in Australia.
The Dark knight is a bwilliant film, five stars. … but in all seriousness, I notice new stuff each time.
At I’m sorry. I hope your night/day starts getting better though!
Mean Girls... but it predicted the work experience better than the high-school one for me. Guys in the labour industry can be petty as shit.
Repopulate the earth? Sounds like there's gonna be lots of health problems real fuckin soon if it's just two people 😬
I bet he has an assistant whose sole job is to schedule those sessions for him.
people who abuse animals. fuck those people
Not realising until the 30 seconds are up then spend the rest of my life thinking about what I could have done
Aliens won't let let us into the galactic federation yet because we still eat our fellow beings.
Hike
IKEA
There are enough cans to go around
I guess but stupidity isn’t sexy so if they’re radical to one side I’m leaving. The side doesn’t matter.
Both financial and mental stability
Not my thing. Oral is my drug.
Cooking.  You know, toast, oatmeal, nothing that spatters.
Damn man. I'm sorry for the pain tha
yeah but this one isn't even aspiration worthy like that is my point. no racist would say to a black person "why can't you just talk with your hands like an italian"
Jack Dorsey, the creator of Twitter.
Like a fucking tumor in society.
I take a walk. A little blood flow helps clear my head and think about things.
Re……….. 😐 I had a friend who had Down syndrome in high school that had this insult 💩 right on him constantly. I’m sorry I don’t know 🤷‍♂️ why people are cruel to disabled individuals.
People who refuse to learn in any given situation.
just listen to Big Pun
That's the conclusion I was pretty much arriving to. All the gospels and other new testament books are so contradictory the only people who can possibly believe in it are the ones who've only read some of it and not the majority
Cool, imagine you had diarrhea.
You've been reading my diary again, dave
The longest running scam of them all
I justed to play league, not any more. I still watch  Worlds and other tourneys from time to time. I think it's a competition for sure.   Sport = NO
I may be wrong but I recollect that some of our WWII tanks were made by FIAT also try looking on YouTube for "pandarmato" they took one of the most a car that you could power just by swearing and that was harder to break than a fricking mountain and gave it extra armor and a gun, so yeah there's that too
As a lifelong Mormon, no, it's not. Your family members probably just go to a church that hasn't caught up to the 21st century yet.
I married a goy. She took that shit away from me.
Kalashnikov.
Nothing. People would probably think it was a bit weird, and would just get annoyed if they knew that person could speak, and just didn't want to (which could make a simple task, extremely difficult). But aside from that, people would just stop caring and get on with their life
A control freak
Say no, because I’m straight.
Was he Ukrainian? The coolest ones are.
Crypto in China
depends who said it and why.  I'm sure its partially true (speaking for myself) but depending on how it was said (arguement, concern for health) would have to determine how I react/think.  I hope no one said that to you.  That's a horrible thing to say to someone. 🤗
PG Tips
It's only awkward if you make it awkward.  It just tells her you find her attractive,  so pull her in tiger
Cheese (I live in Europe btw)
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Dead or alive?
obviously apple 😏
Cheese
Love this, I do this more often than I'd like to admit.
A prick
I threw up all over my teacher because she was a jerk-faced cow-bellied stupid person who tried to expel me over a wrong answer on a maths test.
Snakes
Literally shitty
How do you know what you want when you're religion prevents you from finding out? And how do you deal with finding out the other doesn't want what you want only after getting married?
Usually it’s the guards that spread the word when a pedophile gets put in the unit
Sleep, sleep is good.
SPOILERS BELOW: It was sorta the moral of the story, that a big heart can be as effective at resolving conflict as a weapon. And it kinda makes sense within the story. They were antagonistic because they thought the rebels killed pink, with her shown alive, well and happy, they had no reason to oppose them. The speciesism part ended a good bit too fast, but everything else makes some sense.
.... I think a lot of the outside world has NO concept of modern Egypt as an existing nation, and not an ancient history of many-thousand-year-old-Pharoahs.
This is a fruit, right?
Meth
Pangea
Trust me it’s very Scottish
One special relationship. I gave myself fully to her, and her to me. We had a wonderful month together.
Death
Facebook- marketplace.
I’m so sorry. Learn to cook ASAP
Ask him
r/unexpectedcommunism
Going to blockbuster to rent a couple movies was always amazing
The Diamond Grillz community is on its way with a flashy counter-argument.
Come on bro let me hear your best Indian and Chinese real quick
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
In my heart, yes.
Jump naked in a river?
Normal Typ, some earlier Gen  Team would be 2 Blissey, 2 Snorlax, 2 Miltank with Roll Out
What does the word mean?
physical newspapers, i hope
Oh…..im lost
Gay sex
Depends on the mood. Sometimes i just want a quickie and sometimes I want it long
College freshmen should be made aware about pyramid schemes/MLMs before they're sent off to college.
Its affordable and multicultural and gorgeous and has some of the greatest modern architecture around, why overrated? Biggest strikes against it are the winters and how segregated it is still, but overrated? Idk
Indentifies? Well, then it would be ***Adidas***.
Hands down the finest porn on the internet. And I am dead serious.
Grapefruits!!!!! 100%
nasi lemak
Having no regrets
Waitressing. 2.25/hrly (or about) Rudest, nastiest, most don’t give a fuckness, loudest, too many bad kidsness, mama knows bestests, no tipping, boomers tryna flirtiest bunch of folks.. Never again will I allow myself to put up with such nonsense. These places make plenty enough to give a decent wage and I’m sure your local waitresses/waiters deserve it.   Also..  Please for the love of god, PISS IN THE TOILET!
I’ve gone back to my pizza crusts too
"If I drop the kitty out the window and it doesn't get up, is it okay?"
The ending theme for Bojack Horseman
Asked my mom to help him pee, he was like 4 and a son of her friend
>smoking a bowl  That's gross! 🖕
r/StephaniePatrick   Ew. Just, ew.
Do you live in Calgary?
When I was 15, a group of female friends and I went bowling on a weekend night. We were just bowling and having fun. Some gross dude in his probably mid-twenties or so kept lingering around us and we thought it was weird but we ignored him, thinking he was just drunk and weird.  Eventually he kept approaching us, talking to us, making gross remarks. We told him we were only 15 and to back off. The man at the counter was watching but doing NOTHING about it. We kept telling the creepy guy to leave, we were just bowling and to go away.  He kept saying he didn't believe we were only 15. One of my friends went to the counter to complain but he guy said he couldn't do anything about it. What the hell??  He eventually stormed off to get more drunk and we finally left. I'm 38 now and it still pisses me off.
You ever try and check a link before you share it?
An apartment complex
Yaoi is pretty cool though.
Yes. *Friends* is the WORST show you've ever watched. Out of all TV shows that have been made, *Friends* is the worst one. There's no way it's just a popular show that you dislike.
It's an onomatopoeia. Blech, as in gross, also referring to the eyebleach sub that is generally used to cleanse the palate after seeing horrific stuff. This is the antithesis of fuzzy, cute, wholesome stuff.
That's a horrible one. What have you tried so far?
I dont own it but I went shooting a .44 Mag and honestly popped a boner the first shot.
La casa de papel
Probably my dream car. I know that might sound dumb, and it is, but I’ve got unlimited money and I’d be really excited to find that out.
As a teen many years ago who wanted to and  attempting to off himself. This show is fairly real in the vision of teen suicide. The show is lame to me, but the entire show definitely portrays a lot of accurate feelings and judgements even with the survivors, as ive been the on the survivor side of friends killing themselves ad a teen too.
Tom Hanks
In a James Bond fanfic.
Probs a takeaway
He is asking for a friend!
I was at this exact place two years ago and I had to drop out of college because I had no energy to go to class or do the work. I describe that period in my life like I was in a glass box, with pounds and pounds of pressure on me, pushing me down, but I couldn't get out, and no one could hear me.   I think the worst part about depression is that it makes you think you're completely alone, and no one understands what you're going through. But I've found, however morbid it may be, that talking out exactly how I'm feeling, the apathy, the suicidal thoughts, how I'd kill myself, helped a lot more than people telling me it will get better. It's nice to talk to someone who's been there and won't judge you for your thoughts, and not all therapists have been there.   All that to say, if you want to talk, literally about anything, you can reach out to me. It might be nice to tell a complete stranger how you feel, no judgement. :)
Good god! I heard about the regular Female Strategy one but I didn’t know there was another one. One look and I was already disgusted.
r/askreddit
I was just doing my job.
The unpopular shows can’t get many votes since they are not well known.
Drink and smoke weed.
"I make more money than you could ever, blah,blah fuckin' blah.
Way too many to chose 🤔
I am really tall for my age
I assume this means your giving away your phone and shit so bye I guess
Top 100 richest ppl in the world
That was the moment Brazil was so funked...
that’s heartbreaking to hear.. hope it’s just a phase for both of you before the bright days come again
Well I guess it’s just that easy then, who woulda thunk it?
Gotta be Pepe LePew - breaking the 4th wall to complain how the poor girl cat is playing “hard to get”
Hated it since day one. Even the theme song makes me cringe.
The Wii. Like 7 good games that would have been better games with a normal controller and a pile of shovelware bigger than a New Mexico dump.
That's because the Eton Boys who can afford to go private are underfunding it.
zoo, once apon a time, later seasons of doctor who, war of the worlds was pretty naff...
Teacher?
Security force
Dnd books, then regular books, then bookshelves… after a day or two I’d realize that it is truly unlimited, so every charity gets unlimited money too
I have a Borzoi and I liked Game of Thrones
And I believe this is why we need better dental care even for medicaid get these kids teeth health early.  My kids have medicaid and they barely cover anything it's real sad.
A donut
I came here to say this and it was top comment. You win
Hans Gruber.
Definitely this. Those teens are always targeted by weirdos so the mods are correct to be over protective.
Perfectly described. It all boils down to the question: "What is the point of doing it?". And you get mixed into a dangerous soup called "Everything is pointless".
This is a very common tactic for The CW shows. *The 100* had an even worse plot. Like holy shit.
Fruit all day.
Tales From the Crypt
Buy a 5 million dollar house then sell it for 7.
Obesity, Murica, guns.
Let's all just live laugh and love one another now.
I studied sub-minimally for the last 12 years of my life in school and I just got accepted into my dream course at a globally renowned university. Will be starting school after I complete my National Service...
The entire world just got sat on the sofa for 18 months (and counting). The pandemic also caused shows that were meant to come out in that period to be delayed, so pickings were slimmer than usual.  As far as I can tell, nobody even considered doing a rewatch of Game of Thrones.  So thank you, Benioff and Weiss, you destroyed the legacy of the show that literally kicked off the high-budget epic model so thoroughly that it's been thrown down the Memory Hole. A crack team of infiltrators sent by Netflix to disrupt the production couldn't have done a better job of fucking it up.  I will never not be pissed off about this.
gives you a hug
Lobs?
Your words do make sense, but the problem is that I want my art to be my job, but if I follow my "inspiration" only, it won't lead me to professional level, I feel guilty
Politeness, respect & attentiveness.
My dad use to call me biscuit boy because when I was little I use to eat a lot of biscuits so he Upgrades both parts to cookie and man I've used this name for 8 years now
Ok so let's see the posts currently on the hot page:  1) https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/q51e9p/the_brand_maybe_needs_changing_from_prison_orange/  American uses their country's prison uniform as a critic on an Ukranian airline's color, no hateful comment saying Americans are dumb or anything.  2) https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/q57ahq/uk_is_a_country_and_everything_in_it_is_a_state/  American uses their country's dividing terms of states to wrongfully divide the UK, one comment from an American saying America has a lot of idiots which isn't hate-speech  3) https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/q56idv/american_cuisine_is_global_cuisine/  American trying to say their country has a bit of every nation's gastronomy in their cuisine, which isn't true at all. At most people are hating how much deep-frying Americans do which isn't hate-speech  4) https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/q4xlob/dont_have_to_be_american_to_be_asianamerican_right/  IMDB using terms which are almost exclusively used in America, people are making fun of the way some Americans use "African-American" to refer to any black person even if they're not American which isn't hate-speech  5) https://www.reddit.com/r/ShitAmericansSay/comments/q58awn/nobody_cares_if_aliens_invade_uruguay/  American says "The War of the Worlds" and other alien-invasion stories have to have America being invaded by the aliens implying that invading other countries like Uruguay wouldn't be as dramatic as they don't have such a big military force and it only made a good story because it put the strongest nation of the world going toe-to-toe against the alien invasion.  The reply in the post itself points out the story takes place in the UK, more specifically it takes place in Woking and nearby villages.  You may be thinking "Well the movie takes place in America!" but the American in the OG post clearly says that "**the original reason** why War of the Worlds was written" so they're technically talking about the book, which was adapted into the movie later on.  Comments are talking about the context as to how the alien-invasion trend started after WWII in *Europe* with Europe being invaded, and that the dude is crazy to think nobody that lives in a nation would care if it was invaded because it's not America, essentially saying that only Americans matter. No hate-speech here.  Can you **please** either back up your claims, stop being a snowflake that gets offended by puppets you've strung up?
r/waifuism
About 90% of the subs that make the popular feed on the regular
Virgin
Why? Are you desperate to be offended?   Also. 2 of those aren't a thing.
Oh wow. You're right.
I bought it
Misandry. Pure misandry by femcels.
Nah it mostly seems to be made up of those ladies that have a thing for serial killers. There's a bunch of women out there writing Chris letters and justifying him. That subreddit is where they congregate
Sand
I just listened to the podcast 1865. I’d like to take Edwin Stanton, Secretary of War for President Lincoln out for a bite. He did everything he could to hold up Lincoln’s promises after he was assassinated. He seems like the kind of guy who give you the dirt on everyone at the time. Since I’m in Chicago probably a hot dog or pizza.
Texting / calling people back
The lego collectors edition millennium falcon.
Run out the back door, go to my neighbor’s and call for help.
Mo money
Tártara sauce
wtf is this sub. They have a stickied post saying they don't sympathise with Chris Watts or advocate for his freedom... so why exactly are they devoting themselves to talking about his wife?? Feels very very weird. Even putting aside the fact that she is literally dead - there are plenty of people in the world I don't like. Never do I feel the need to devote myself so wholly to demonstrating their badness online.  So uh, yeah, I don't buy it. It's a sub for murder sympathy. Wonderful.
Where would you like them to run?
Food and housing for every family on earth
Set up a timelapse camera and do chores around the house and then you can look back at the footage and hopefully it’s satisfying. Also do puzzles, or building (eg legos, 3D puzzle builds) those can be things you can collect, but because you would want to take a break from sitting and doing puzzles you could walk outside? These things may seem weird to do at first but you will feel better and/or happier the more you do it. And you don’t need to give up time periods of being lazy completely either, so it’s a win win
Sultan Suleiman and ottoman empire
redditors of reddit, what’s the sexiest sex you’ve sex’d?
Wasn't there another one where the guy was only pretending to be a millionaire?  I feel like it was called Average Joe or something.
I'd make Shecome
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There was that one sex offender who got banned from water parks during hours when kids are there, to protect the kids.  The problem? The "kid" he assaulted was 17. Surely 18s can feel safe and comfortable with him.
my bro keyboard smashed his game username which we share an account of when we were small and ive been using it ever since
Eat your phone my guy
I’ll tell you what I’d do man. 2 chicks at the same time.
Red Dead Redemption 2, I want to be a cowboy
Spalin cowectly
I wasn’t trying to pass the sub off as some “learning experience”.  Also, I didn’t claim there were experts in every post. I just mentioned two examples.   It was simply an observation that I made from my time there compared of others of the same nature. The community is better, IMO.   Truly, I wasn’t trying to paint it in some kind-of holy light, so my apologies for coming across that way.
"asshole male" is what I read.
That honestly sounds like something that would have been in Dragon Ball.
Flubber
I have a pup and face licks are a no, I've seen the remains of a ripped up poop diaper this dog ripped apart and ate the contents of, he's licked up vomit etc I love him but face licks are a hard no
And 100% metal ass
Great point....you are right, probably a combination of material for middle-upper class white women combined with a lack of self-awareness and a dab of elitism..
I actually know someone narcissistic like this, always using this exact excuse to justify being a complete piece of shit. Get help or stfu. Thanks for coming to my Ted rant
My dad a Tesla
I got this, babe
I bet the nymphos will bombard you with the "but if you don't like sex you're an incel" comments
Thank you so much this was actually very helpful 🙏
Ohyeah. I'm sure there in a relationship because it's cool. Not like they might actually ahve feelings for each other. /s
Heal? I don't know about that. I just grew up and moved on. Life got busy really fast for me to even give a shit about my childhood.
Under the Dome.  They took what was a great book about human nature and survival and turned it into an after school special....
Can I just use all three on Elon Musk?
I miss 5 seconds ago
Extended Large Hadron Collider
Buy my degree, so I wouldn't have to study online anymore.
McFly 😊
None because I’d be on fire.
Fine.
Buying my friends computers that are actually good and a java version of minecraft so we can all play minecraft together. Plus that way we can do fun modded stuff since the majority either don't have minecraft at all or its pocket edition and we can't. Also a minecraft server to fuck around on in the first place.
I forget
I want people to prove they can handle a gun. And that isn't an invitation for a trip to the shooting range. Prove to a competent authority that you know how to safely load/unload a weapon, that you're of sound mind to only ever use it when absolutely necessary, that you'll keep it out of reach of a child/minor/person not of sound mind, who doesn't know how to handle a gun.  If you think the above is violating your constitutional rights/is too much to ask, then maybe you shouldn't be entrusted with the ability to own something that can gravely endanger the lives of many people.   There's no arguments against responsible gun ownership.
You don’t know how diabetes works.
Give this man a bloodbag
"I'm not talented. I just spend more time thinking about art than other people. I actually put in the work to study art, haphazardly calling this my 'talent' is like saying I didn't work to achieve this." - Maru mori, blue period
Pepé le Pew and Bart's cigarette smoking aunts come to mind
Whatever, whenever, with whoever.
Satoshi coin 🪙
At least every other day..
Exactly the way I would do things in the same situation, and how I plan to do things as I continue in my current career and whatever comes after.
Help them to find their intrinsic motivation, pay them what they are worth, support them. You can’t make your bank account grow if you don’t invest in it. Same goes for workers.
SHHHHHH....*they'll hear you* >rumbling in the distance >the sound of thousands of indians coming to answer this question while simultaneously talking on the phone with relatives back home   *what have you DONE*
More money lol
An impressive record. I hope to be as powerful as you.
Yeah I do that but then I feel bad and never do it again
A few members of Congress.
im a straight white male and id definitely punch him in the throat because thats a weird thing to say
NFTs
He's not. Anyone who watched his last 2 standups would already know that.
Have you seen iiluminaughtii videos on her?   [The Many Mistakes of Ms. Tyra Banks | Corporate Casket](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4ubShBTVNg)
Yeah Same my current wife sometimes gets mad at me if my dick is not super hard for round 3 on Sunday lol
Pulp Fiction
Bryter Layter - Nick Drake.  I am a metalhead at heart. The more extreme the better. But Bryter Layter by Nick Drake is perfect. It's very chill. Melancholy pop. But there's not a single micro second of that album that isn't perfection.
Hell yeah! Smiling is nice too.
Master Roshi from Dragon Ball Z
Nope, i think people think this because Money For Nothing was one of the first videos to appear on MTV (the very first in the UK) and they were massive in the US  at the time. Technically they are Scottish though since both the Knopfler brothers were born in Scotland but moved to England when they were very young.
Doesn't sound worse than newer shows. There are so many that exploit the poor.
Hence why this show is fucking awful, also seeing Olive in hysterics for comedy is ridiculously fucked up.
Fucking love a good hot dog
Damn. That's pretty nice if you leave out the morning blowjob.
Having an extreme urge to do SOMETHING, but literally nothing is sufficient to motivate you to do anything so you settle for a "meh" level of activity.   &#x200B;  ie: You BADLY feel the need to go for a hike, but even the changing leaves and perfect weather and people trying to get you go is enough, so instead you watch 8 hours of a show you aren't even interested in just because there is a marathon of it on TV.  &#x200B;  For most (including me) Depression isn't "You are sad" its "You are emotionless and unable to find or do anything that makes you happy, also much more likely to become angry/frustrated then cheerful happy". Also, attempting to not act depressed is insanely exhausting, like the mental equivalent of running a marathon.
Start jerking of to assert dominance
As an average height male (5'9"), I spent a lot of my 30's and 40's at under a hundred pounds.  I'm up to a healthy weight, but it's an effort, still.  Food is just something I need to take care of, like paying a bill.
Riverdale or Teen Wolf
Every year when dollar drink days ends.
A house
How appropriate. You fight like a cow.
His skin colour
ET for Atari. Absolute trash.
Reminds me of watching a Jaboody stream where he was saying some network had tried to recruit him and their only card was 'we've got Annoying Orange on board!' and he was like okay seeya... Knowing full well these execs had no idea about internet entertainment.
I start a YouTube channel and lifestream a Q&A session
Anyone who delivers food
Venom
A lot of people are saying stuff like Kim Possible, Raven from Teen Titans, and now Gwen from Ben 10, and they're getting upvoted. Some of the people upvoting are probably the same people who get really upset about lewd depictions of anime lolis.
The new “Charmed”. I couldn’t even get through the first episode.
Kurogane from Tsubasa Chronicles. I'd fuck him in a heartbeat.
I'm not sure why that would be relevant at all.
If I'm not home when it happens, call the police and file a report.  If I'm home and someone tries, I'll beat them with my walking stick that I keep by me Incase I need it.  I worked damn hard for what I have and don't have time for this nonsense.
https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/9sc91k/own_a_musket_for_home_defense/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
I'd probably change the fact i have no food to me having food. Then get around to fixing everyone else's problems since it'd be hard to focus when i'm so hungry.
Thank. You.
I read some of that confession stuff. I was looking for a shred of humanity. A tiny speck of decency. A hint of regret.   Suffice to say i came up short.
A plaid model s because incan do it on my phone. Then I'd probably go to the store and pay for some groceries for struggling families because I know that struggle.
I never use incognito mode it's useless, if ppl se my history so what
Its the women Incel subreddit. So it's just full of misandists who blame men and other non toxic women for all their problems.
A small cabin or place to build a house.
You know that feeling when you poop and you’re like “I didn’t get it all.” It’s like that but in your penis.
Check out r/art it’s become just half or fully nude women. They began banning anyone who mentions it too.
Shit I can’t remember the username but there’s a group on Tik Tok that helps people get their teeth fixed.   With that being said, my teeth crumbled after I got pregnant with my first. No insurance and low income I opted to use a tax return and just get dentures. At 22. I had fucked up fugly teeth to begin with. Best decision I ever made. No pain, I can smile confidently and saves a ton of money.
Pregnant chicks. Pregnant matures are even hotter.
I followed the money. All the well paying jobs in my field were in this area.
Who's the boss's theme is pretty underrated.
In the area where I went to college the ice cream truck guy also sold drugs.
Damn, I didn't see that coming.
cook a beautiful dinner for a family. then sit beside them having a happy family dinner, so that I can feel what it feels like to be surrounded by family who love each other. Sharing meals is often where people let down their guard, and it would feel nice to see people care about each other while enjoying something someone cooked for them in a warm, kind environment. Then I would leave, unjudged, content for having spent time around feelings of people who truly love each other.
yeah, like I saw some student at Uni got fallen to their death because of overcrowded halls, and to this day Imma keep that in my mind.
My old job the front desk secretary thought she was the owner and tried to boss people around except for a few who told her to fuck off
Going to a social party.
Butcheek , recently my brother had one on his thumb (the palm side). I guess thats worse.
I would be fine with that with regards to guns.  You can own as many as you want but you have to keep them on “YOUR” property.
Or Peppa LePew, the French piglet.
Don't remember the name of it, that reality show with Paris Hilton and Nicole Ritchie.
A few politicians.
Imagine looking at an abstract painting made up of greens, browns and greys, with tiny streaks of other colours, mainly purple and blue. Whenever you see a shade you identify with part of Britain, the painting changes into a fleeting vision of what you recognise: the lush greens of southern English grass in summer; the green, purple & brown of northern moorland, the dull green of suburban privet hedges, the grey of stolid Portland stone buildings, or the gentler greyish-brown of some rural buildings, the brown of slate roofs.
PLs upload toi your device at will...<figure class="op-interactive"><iframe id="reddit-embed" src="https://www.redditmedia.com/r/AskReddit/comments/q4xf1s/what\_is\_your\_favorite\_kind\_of\_cheese/hg4inyf/?depth=1\&amp;showmore=false\&amp;embed=true\&amp;showtitle=true\&amp;showmedia=false" sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups" style="border: none;" height="238" width="640" scrolling="no"></iframe></figure>
"Unlimited" money?  Ignoring the ramifications of such an impossibility, I would get everyone anything they wanted because why would I care?  But first, I'd buy the entire world and become the Earth's first emperor.
I thought about it
I mean, I'm straight fucked at that point. I guess I'd go for small-joint manipulation? Just try to [channel my inner Pete Dunne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA0pWBZGGKQ)
A one way ticket to the country of my choice.....and start a new life.
r/conservative and r/conservative
What the fuck are these captions? Why are people like this?
A girl I dated in high school told me if I didn't want to walk to school then I should just buy a car
That's my story. I used to keep a water bottle of vodka in my cooler so I could stop the shakes if we worked late. I'm in construction. I've been in recovery for over 3 years. I went to a local nurse practitioner to detox and started going to AA meetings as soon as I could. I wish you luck and Google" AA near me". There will be many people who will help you if you're ready. If you drink like I did, you have a deadly disease that tells you that you don't have it. I was a sick person trying to get well. Not a bad person trying to be good.  I wish you the best.
Mayo
Isla’s final moments in Plastic Memories. I was full on sobbing.
Every company so I can make them start giving workers a proper wage and rights, be more eco friendly, and pay their frigging taxes.
Ah.. sorry didn't mean to offend you.
Ted Lasso .. I really tried lol 😂
Can’t seem to kick the nicotine
Wait. That was an actual show?  Then again they tried to make a show based on the cavemen from those American commercials, for life insurance? Long distance? I can’t even remember. The show lasted 2 episodes I think.
i want hugs give me hugs ppl
Oh my fuck, condolences. That's such a rough journey.  I'm glad you worked/are working through it.
Saw this a little too late :/
God I hate it when people say that. My English teacher actually used the phrase once.
Buy a sun dress - they look really comfortable on a hot day.
I have a few, but I would have to say Rowan Atkinson. It takes a special kind of actor to say absolutely nothing, but still keep us entertained.  I guess you could say the same for Charlie Chaplin.
When one day they say I love you and then a week later they tell you they don’t and haven’t in a while
You see it too? lol  \-the person who hasn't watched Squid Game yet
Manchego
Just explain that it was a personal matter that you can't really talk about right now. I'm not sure how casual that response is but it is a completely reasonable one.
My belief is that Spirits can seem good but be malicious. You might want to break ties with it… I also never recommend Ouija boards. They can give a foothold/open you up to really bad things without you knowing… basically your using it is giving them permission to hang around you.  I wouldn’t passively accept that you have bad karma coming to you.
Pineapple
Breast-teds.
It would definitely cut down my meat choices but my dog and I hunt so it wouldn't bother me much. We already do it lol
Not a movie but School Days gave me Nightmares (Didn't have many when I was watching Higurashi)
One of these things is not like the others
Aside from reality, which is all equally horrible, The Office. Why people like that cringe-fest is beyond me.
Oof, hope you’re feeling better
Any job that does work so other people can get tips like cooks
He isn’t. Calm down.
Douchebag
It needs to be free'er
Happiness
Bruh
Supermarkets would probably start stocking chickens and you would press a button while shopping to kill it. Or for a big animal like a cow in an app when it gets 500 clicks that would signal it getting an electric shock to death and people would split the meat.
Wow just most. Wow cops doing illegal acts. Wow
Should be banned its freaking sick
Pretty much every girl in league of legends
Beta male
>“Whatever okay holy shit”  The ancient, sacred oath of allegiance.
I keep all my hair on the body shaved. Briefly dated guy who wanted all natural. I tried by it is itchy. Glad I can shave now.
“So anyways…then I started blastin’”
don't
Thanks!
I really do think that the first few seasons were pretty solid. But I only watched it off and on after that.
Psychological torture while you cut their body parts off without anesthesia while they are alive
I mean it is probably the best excuse out of all excuses I have seen in the comments here. The reality is that your mental state is altered under the influence, and someone who can be the nicest moral saint while sober can become an ahole while drunk. People just say alcohol reveals your true self, but inhibiting your emotions is a key part of being a human.
Beat me to it
My Mother The Car
Someone in my family was on that show. I was so little at the time that I didn’t actually see the episode until I searched for it on YouTube years later and the comments were so mean.
It could've been man vs. dinosaur but instead it tried to be Lost.
Oh it’s private now!
"How can I end this conversation asap without being rude?"
95% of anime MCs.
My mother a divorce from her abusive husband who literally abandoned her and my kid sister, right as every single bill was overdue to the point of all the utilities being cut off.  He never paid a dime of child support, stole everything he could pawn from the house while my mom was working two jobs trying to dig herself out of the mess he left, and didn’t show when sister was nearly hospitalized for anorexia from the stress of it all.    They haven’t seen each other in over a decade now but every year he still claims my kid sister as a dependent on his taxes and any other shady tactics to benefit himself at the expense of his wife and child.
it’s not for everyone   I rather like it, especially masturbation
The Earth.  Then Mars,  Then Jupiter,  Then Pluto,  Then the sun.
Can confirm you are not hot
my mom,dad and my sister cause they are abusive
 A religious book with 100% accuracy.  I know this would probably just start a new religion but I just have too know what is right and what is wrong. I'm an agnostic (well a Christian leaning one, but still) so if god literally called me on the phone it would shatter my beliefs. I don't care if I start a war I just have to know.
Buy every lego set I always wanted as a kid
That place really should be banned alo
I have a terrible cold. My entire face hurts. Everything is making me cry!
Bro you’re dying? Just live lmao
My friend confessed to me that when he was twelve, he dug up a grave and exhumed three bodies. Him and a few other reprobates then proceeded to slap the corpses around and eventually got around to playing football with their skulls. He's since died and was buried locally.   One night, not too long ago when the moon was bright, I got it into my head to go dig him up. It took a long time, they'd planted him deep like they knew something. The coffin lid had already caved in when I finally reached it, and what I saw inside I will take to my grave.
So many Oreos
I raise you The Pat Sajak Show.
I would make everyone in the world debt free, only once though. You fuckers won’t fool me twice on this one you financially irresponsible bastards.
Right now, I agree. But 5% on average over a long time frame is very reasonable. There you have another benefit of being rich. You can afford to have bad years (you do have to be smart though).
M9a3 from my LGS
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Geese, and their tiny, yet alarming teeth!
Insecure child
I don’t think he’s good looking at all.
My cousins mad at my auntie
I LOVE peanut butter with honey, especially when the honey makes the bread a little crunchy
But hey, most people have not experienced a true drug high, MDMA now that’s the stuff, add a bunch of caffeine 🥰.     🙉🙈🙊
Those things are good things.
Challenge them to a game of boggle. They might not suspect I’m really good at boggle.
There’s a show in the US called Dr Pimple Popper.  If I had a pimple, the worst place for me to be would be on that show
CarlH, can trust a soul here, now.
Pretty based
Nothing
Work It
Don't dress over it  *Stress
And be careful during eating for good health I just keep looking my nose out pretty quickly right so the uk valve will xx your zoom
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3 in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-):  * **Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion are not appropriate.**     If there's a topic you'd like explained, consider /r/explainlikeimfive, or for a simple question with a simple answer consider /r/answers.  Be sure to read the rules to be sure your question fits in a subreddit before posting.     If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/q5ckhf/what_is_your_most_fashionable_comfortable/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm saving for a home, I put away about half in savings after rent is paid. So in about 3, 4 years I'll be able to  afford a mortgage. It's one of my top priorities as when ever i talk  to people thier biggest regret is not saving for a home earlier
Give up all your worldly possessions and begin to walk the path of enlightenment. Life is much more interesting when every moment is precious.
This was the before-times. Before Man grew proud. CRT monitors, Sony MP3 players, and dial up modems. All with Glee.
That sounds exhausting :/  Personally I’m not emetophobic but I just don’t get nauseated very easily, even if I’m ill or have a stomachache or anything. I can recall one time years ago when I think I had a flu and I very nearly threw up in a store but that’s about it. I never drink much because I don’t enjoy it (just makes me feel sleepy and dizzy) so that isn’t a risk factor for me either.
R/usernamecheckout
I'm a weeb i have too many choices
The shining.
Ever seen Planet of the apes?
Not okay.
I just recoeved my crowns and partials  Amazin If ur close.to dallas I have a dentist who will do whole mouth 4 to 5 k WAY CHEAPER THEN ANYWHRE  I RECEIVED 4 CROWNS AND MUCH MORE I PAID 4K
Yea I'm pretty ardent it started off not bad, as far as network sitcoms go. Didn't last though.
Shoelaces.
I only like this show because someone I know got a line on it!  A girl from one of the high schools I attended got on it for a quinceanera, and a buddy of mine got invited.  I remember watching the show and he had a quick line about how good the girls looked.  But yeah, it definitely wasn't quality tv.
<<**~•/-`!¡:(*KNIFE*):¡!’-\•|**>>
Fallout series
Being antisocial
A home for every human on Earth.
Nala. Feel the full might of the organized armies of the animal kingdom. They can even do aerial attacks.
All of it
The X Factor. What a load of wank  Spoiler alert - Whoever has the most emotional back story wins
I would buy a respectable house as I live in a council house. Have a housekeeper and chef that i would also give a house and car to. That way I know they will be good to us and happy.
No, they want to have sex with that better version not him.
[Reddit disused as outlook](http://pcottle.github.io/MSOutlookit//)
Screaming uncontrolably.
Sounding like the FEDS.... this guy.... the one in my pants tho....
VALVE INDEX
A 2 by 4
> since the Hannah Montana/That’s So Raven/Suite Life of Zack and Cody generation grew up.  Some would accuse me of being nostalgic but in my opinion the 2000s was the golden era for Disney Channel, Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network. I’m glad I got to enjoy the various classics each network had to offer (including ones started in the 1990s) as a child instead of what followed.
The above comment is stolen ( pledgiarised)  so , he doesn't hv his own openion to begin with 😆
Garbage collectors
They try to forget the past horrors, angry sounding language. Nice cars/motorbikes. Clean, orderly and precise with everything they set out to achieve.
This is also Home Improvement & other 90s sitcoms.
And you wanna sleep with her
cocain and sex with the hottest 18 year olds i can find
My heart was never broken
I just don't enjoy it. Maybe you will.
Yeah he was. Old marine, had some cool stories. He was a cool dude.
One time I fell asleep with the TV on and woke up to some wannabe Obama in the White House sitcom. It was so awful that I thought it had to be an SNL or MadTV sketch. But it just kept….going.   In case you feel like torturing yourself - [The First Family](https://youtu.be/BzBNfp4eVTI)
the show which jake paul used to be in before he got fired
Agree with you on that one, it's more of a "yeah you can own a gun" but the only thing they actually know is that you have permission to do so, whether you end up owning one or not would be only relevant if you commited an actual crime, other than that yeah i think the government would have no business knowing that
Even the revamp of inspector gadget is terrible. Everything is so stimulating and has no great concept.   The only thing my kids watch from Disney is Little Einstein’s which is a fantastic show but they stopped producing it because “baby Einstein” sued them for name right. Just change the name to “little explorers” and move on Disney! Why stop producing such a great show?  PBS has a similar show but again it is actually very stimulating but visually and audio vise so I have to limit how much my kids watch it 😞  I created a playlist of the songs covered in little Einstein’s for my kids and now they listen to classical music thanks to that show. Love it so much ♥️
Saved by the Bell was awful. I did watch it at one point because I was around the age of the actors, but as I got a bit older realized how terrible the acting was, how bad the writing was, the obviously low budgets, and so on.  Nobody older than about 12 should like it unless it's unironically.
I just couldn't keep watching it after awhile.   Another show that I had to drop because of how crazy/nonsensical the storyline got was Hemlock Grove.
I've never heard this in my life, and never, ever want to
As someone that's been working in Africa on and off since 2017. I would like this so much.   But adding to this, I would remove entire governments that are already functioning in those African countries. They are down right disgusting.   An example that I always tell people. We have contracted workers from the local area and when the contract was first set up the president of the country tried getting us to pay him so he could pay the locals on the contract. Instead of us paying the employees outright. That's a huge red flag and obviously the employees wouldn't get paid the proper wages if any at all.
“Let’s meet…”  And there explain what’s up.
Morgan Freeman
There's no reason to have an issue with them. I find people who claim to extremely pretentious.
No one has asked me this question, and if someone were to ask it must be a friend making a joke out of myself, and not to be answered logically. I would probably say three and a half ans join the joke.  An emperor asked his wise minister one fine morning, what should we do to someone who kicked me in my chest.  The minister replied, kiss them and gift a pair of anklets, realising that none other than the emperor's newborn grandchildren could do that.
On average,  I've got approximately 32 years left before dying so..... not enough time to list reasons.
My secret spot was in my pants, i liked the it tingled on my skin and it was also safe from anyone trying to eat my pineapples.
So it is about tradeoffs about what actually happens?  So sporting, hunting, self defense? The overwhelming majority of gun use is these.  About 12 billion rounds are fired every year in the US. There are fewer than 15,000 gun homicides a year.
There was also a sub for "Men going their own way" and one for "red pill" men. I think most of them are gone.
Watch the last 5 minutes of The Notebook, just to see if my girl was overreacting everytime she saw it.
I’d play I’m gay on loop
Out moon. Because I can see it.
A monkey
Facts. Breaking into someone's home is asking for death
money...
The 1/2 Hour News Hour
Mom would tell me to “grow up” like a broken record…from about age 7 til…well she’s still saying it and I’m 40.
Actors or Athletes
Optimistic nihilism my man. It solves everything
Body hair is natural
Samuel Hayden
The Halo franchise, any but I'm hoping for Halo CE. It's my childhood game.
"You're just too sensitive. Everyone else knows I'm just playing around."
Sweet 16 or whatever it was, used to be on MTV?  Teenagers with rich parents giving them their 16th birthdays or whatever.  "We got you this sportscar sweetie!"  "Ugh, it's blue.  I wanted black.  You're ruining my life!"  Jesus christ, murdering people like that should be legal.
That those are just a bunch of numbers that shouldn't have any dictation over who someone chooses to have a romantic relationship with.
I'm reasonably sure most guys would not figure it out in time, let alone multiples, lol
r/guro is one that ive experienced. Its for people with a fetish for anime girls being brutally murdered, injured, beaten, or raped.
Looks like it's mostly dicks with googly eyes.
top surgery for my boyfriend c:
My tuition and my whole schools tuition
milk
Fiona Gallagher
Does deleting myself count?
Friends is by far the worst sitcom ever
I just wrote a post in this subreddit saying how awful it is and that's she's murder victim etc and they don't want to know... It's beyond bizarre and disgusting. It's actually really bothered me, they're bitching about a dead woman who was murdered they can't see the harm..
Oh gosh I can deeply relate to that! Those girly fruity drinks are far worse to me than something like a Mule or an Italian Garden. It's like the high amounts of sugar actually amplify the alcohol taste instead of masking it.
TikTok, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Reddit (all at once for a trillion dollars) - and then shut them all down permanently.
Sounds like you need to hit the streets and play some Jeopardy.
I'm sorry but that sounds fucking amazing.
True, getting cut and needing a bandage is preventable.
Same response
Herbert from family guy
My list:   #5) Solid Snake  #4) kratos  #3) Geralt of Rivia  #2) Chris Redfield  #1) Waluigi
Friends of mine (a married couple) received a large legal settlement from an accident. They actually took a lesser amount to settle out of court so there was NO public record of the judgement. To this day, only me (a close friend of theirs) and the wife's mom (who is financially comfortable in her own right) know the actual dollar amount of the settlement.  The did not DARE tell anyone else because there would be a LINE of people with their hands out for a payout. When they asked (and they asked, a LOT), their stock response was "not nearly enough to compensate us for our life-long injuries." Eventually the questioning stopped but the reality is this couple could quit their jobs tomorrow and be fine financially for the rest of their days.
So to recap the fish people who live in water  chinese warriors  french peasants  mardi gras tourists  maybe some knights  maybe some more knights  maybe some more knights  and a Goddess of ice?   Wow tough choice.
Saying no
Love Connection, that show just made me cringe and my grandmother watched it all the time. Also Studs or anything like that. So much garbage TV in the 90s.
Attack on titan
Wow, yep, first post when I clicked was accusing her of having histrionic personality disorder, as if they even knew her, or are mental health professionals. That subreddit is messed up, and I imagine mostly full of misogynists.
My wife starting watching  Chicago Med while on maternity leave. I just caught bits and pieces but once episode they did open heart surgery on a Panda without any sort of veterinarian or Panda expert present. And had the animal in a normal hospital bed in a recovery room at the end.   I thought oh this must be like season 6 or 7 and they just totally don't give a fuck anymore. I think it was actually season 2. Idk, I love my wife and she's a very intelligent nurse herself, but her TV watching habits are disturbing.
Emotional stability
26 but good guess
This is actually the worst show not 1 likeable character and the plot isnt even interesting
Intergalactic time traveling sexy scientist from the 24th century.
Anything with ugly women
None
Im very picky about what I watch so it would be something I watched because I was there and had little choice.  The worst would be Eastenders. Yes the multi-award winning long running UK soap. Why is it the worst? Well, sure it does have well written, well acted stories that are cutting edge social commentary, but thats only like 5% of it. The rest is monumental garbage.  There are episodes which i swear would fit on a single sheet of paper, there is so little dialogue and little action. It is mostly boring and miserable and I can see more interesting things looking out my windows, in a fairly safe, boring cul-de-sac.  Its on way too often and clearly the writers just cant find anything to fill the time with.
Overpopulation, pollution, rural areas
For real. When i was young the thought of living in a million dollar house was an insane lifestyle of the rich and famous kind of thing. But this is a high cost of living area too.
It’s a tie between Wendy Williams and Keeping Up with the Kardashians.  Edit: Fuck! How did I forget Million Dollar Listing? Three way tie.
Remember when Dany loses a dragon because she "just kind of forgot about Euron's forces" and managed to get ambushed by a fleet on the ocean they could have easily seen by scouting a little?
I might be wrong, but I'm pretty sure that was Afghanistan
I hated spicy food when I was really young, then my friends and family would dare me to drink bottles of hot sauce and stupid things like that and now I have a really high spice tolerance lmao
We have them.
The best doctor
That one clip of (I think) Niel going “We have a badass over here.”
Designated Survivor.  Corny-ass, lowest common denominator writing and terrible acting.
Actually, when talking about what is *possible*, a singular experience does dictate it.
Why there is a universe instead of nothing? Have you ever thought of it?
Bathtubs/ showers
Muda Muda Muda Muda
A house for every homeless person in America Second thing I guess a house for every renter in America.
A brand new couch. I'm 50 and have never had a new couch, only ones someone has given me. Just once I'd like to not sit in someone else's butt print.
I still highly recommend it imo
Actors/actresses. Mostly mental cases
I’m 25 and I’m already planning on this, honestly
Knocker? I barely know her
So you mean 2 blind men having sex isn't considered as gay..
Wow. I’m a Mom as well and tired but it doesn’t give anyone a right to use it as some sort of ploy to get away with stuff. Like mice become Moms about 12 times a year. You’re not special 🤣
Greeley County, Kansas.  All of the land in the County.  I don't currently live in it, but I'd like to own an entire goddamned county and its the least populated county (1200 people) in the state.  At a size of 780 SQ.MI. and an average land cost of 2000 $/acre, it'd cost about $1 billion to buy.  Haven't decided if I'd just buy it all and then let everyone just pay me rent.  Or buy it all and kick them all out.  Close down all the local roads, no gas stations off the highways, knock everything down, and build me a hobbit home.  I'd probably flip a coin tbh.  And I could find out all the fun things you could do governmentally if you're the only resident of a County.  Can I rename a county?  What laws/rules can I set?  Can I change the timezone, so that Greeley County is 'legally' in the same time zone as New Zealand?
I dont know if this has already been posted, but r/guru is some depraved shit. If you dont want to go there and find out what it is, its basically just hentai gore porn
I heard someone say “sweater monsters” once, and now I can’t get it out of my head.
Unan1mous
Make a testing lab and getting a whole shitton of sientist to make a rat army that can follow orders. My army would be in the billions to spread disease and infest places i am fighting. The american army would get scared and try to kill me. I pay them 1 mill to keep Quite. If that doesnt work 100m. If thst doesnt work then i will take over america, and come out as leader after killing anyone who opposes me. A resistance started, and i cant infest the base because its got metal as outer walls. No matter, ill just hire a real soldier army full of past mercenarys and marines and high ranked army men. I break their base open like a peanut. I find their leader and my army kills his guards. I thought i finally had america, but just then members of the Allies come in from behind. We fight as hard as we can but its of no use, they outnumber us 100 to 1. So i make the call to release a prototype rat breed, it can carry diseases and be fine because the immune system is practically holding it in place due to   many yeats of breeding and editing to make this rat. They come here and a disease that gets contagious 1 hour after getting it, courtsy of us. We hold our ground for 2. This disease targets the brain and makes you paralized in a few hours. We hold up with the leader of the rebelion takes out a hidden weapon and aims for the head of me. He gets tackled by my guards and he gets a hit in. I feel a warm liquid fall down the lower back of my chest to my leg. I got shot in a nonvital place but i cant manage to fight like this. Luckly i thought to bring a medic just in  case. I get it cauterized, disinfected, and bandaged. They set up explosives outside the metal sealed shut door. Its thick enough to take a blast but another would break the door wide open. We have minutes to get ready to fight when they blast the door open. I tell my men to get behind some cover, the chairs and desk are the best we can find, this is bad. They blast the door open and come in. We wait a moment, leader at gunpoint, and then we start firing. Its a lost cause, but worth a shot. As my men go down i pop up with the leader as a hostage. I start walking out of the base as soon as i let the leader go i get in my hidden heli and get myself out of their. I go into hiding after escaping. I make a fake name and get plastic surgery. I get new papers and drivers license. I live out the rest of my life in peace. Or do i...
Apathy. It's hard to work on fixing depression when you just don't care anymore.
If you're looking for an objective answer, you're asking the wrong question.
übermächtig, überflüssig  Übermenschen, überdrüssig  wer hoch steigt, der wird tief fallen  Deutschland, Deutschland über allen
It's fine if they're playing in the shallow end.
Johnny Bravo. Next question please.
A gastric sleeve. I suffered a sexual assault yrs ago and put on weight to make myself ‘disappear’ into the background. Had loads of therapy and felt better. Took up jogging & started losing weight. Within a month, I’d contracted a virus which has left me disabled with a chronic pain condition and my mobility is shocking. The GP put me on pain meds which caused me to gain 3 stone in 3 months and has now left me diabetic 😭😭 feels like I can’t catch a break sometimes. I know a gastric sleeve wouldn’t cure me but it could at least make my mobility better
Sunshine - Atmosphere
Im just fucking lazy mate, leave alone
Hitler, Taco Bell. Boutta make Hiroshima look like a picnic  (Btw I’m not implying Hitler caused Hiroshima)
You murder several robots with lemons and beat up an old man with lemons.
Also, if they cheat with you they will cheat on you.
It's the only company I continually buy consoles from. A PlayStation or xbox is replaced by a good rig but nintendo innovate on hardware and deliver consistently good first party games; zelda, pokemon, mario(and spin offs, kart etc')   All the way back to my childhood I've loved them.
Damn, I forgot that one. “Wasted premise” seems about right. Though if I recall they didn’t get too many episodes to really get anything going.
These comments are just making me even more terrified of having children
Emily in Paris
A car. My little two door car from college is on it's way out, but my husband works from home now because of covid so we haven't replaced it. He has a pickup truck, and I hate how big and fuel inefficient it is. I just want a safe little electric car with four doors so I don't have to climb over seats to strap the baby in.
QAnon told me to do it.
Holy fucking shit.
Music teacher in the first years of highschool in The Netherlands. Kids don't take the subject seriously but it ís mandatory. Music teachers have a damn hard time.
Load the cannon atop my stairs with grapeshot and shred those rapscallions. Then charge the survivors with my triangular bayonet.  Just as the forefathers intended.
Unwatchable
Nothing I don't know them
A bass guitar
Hold her.
Manifest … bad acting, ridiculous plots and unlikeable characters, it is truly a sight to behold
Megan Fox. What’s so attractive exactly?
Can confirm
Bunch of hookers and cocaine
Space: 1999
Sweetie I'm a transgender woman and that literally happened to me. I can confirm I would not fuck one of my friends.
Greed and power, but also a sense of concern about what would come next if America’s power diminished.  I have a lot of positive experiences of the US even while having the usual non-American feelings about its dominant behaviour over the last 50 years.  When I look at China as a European, I have a strong sense of “Better the devil you know” :-)  Further back, there’s some gratitude about WW2 as well so you know, it’s complicated ;-)
I pick up/clean here and there daily, bathrooms are once a week, roomba every other night (pets) and there’s still always the frantic “oh fuck company is coming scrub everything with a toothbrush!” clean. Our house is surprisingly well put together considering the number of children that live in it.
A lot of that is coming from Russian accounts trying to inflame/create wedge issues.
Sugar..... anything with sugar...
This is a big one for me. My eldest sister always tells me to stop shopping at goodwill because used clothes suck or to not keep “junk” around and to by better equipment instead.
Tali.
Raven, Teen Titans
Oceans Eleven.
Who else but Quagmire?
No u
90 Day Fiancé is so unbelievably cringey
no thats the cute stuff!!! do you mean without the a?
One of those gorgeous flats near me.
Being less than $70
nastiest is combat footage for sure
Add volunteer work. Describe any relevant academic projects you’ve worked on, don’t just list classes you’ve taken
A pack of gum
Any residence where someone had a not so peaceful death.
American horror stories.
after giving this minimal thought-i remember almost crying when " bunk'd" would come on tv and my kids watched it and i had secondary trauma
Probably better as a loosely connected anthology series. One obstacle might be the charm of the format which'd be lost in that medium, although some of that could be replicated by other means (narration, framing device etc).  Consider World War Z and for that translated to a movie.
TSLA. Don't buy it for short term, it's too volatile, but over the next 5-10 years, there won't be much else with the same sort of growth potential.
Normally yes, but their teeth fixing was more like a 'shave down the gums and teeth, then slap on some Davinci veneers which apparently have to be changed every 10 years or so' on perfectly healthy teeth. Btw Their dental expert (or the one from bridalplasty) lost her licence
Was the wife's suggestion.
I'm glad I could help :)
A nice house in a neighborhood with good schools. Nothing too fancy. Just the kind of house we dream about now but we know we will never be able to afford.
You can order iced coffee and ask for it with milk and classic syrup (sugar syrup) and ask for extra pumps of syrup to make it sweeter. I like to ask for vanilla sweet cream added, it’s a mix that reminds me of a creamer, it’s pretty sweet. If you like milk you could get an iced latte like vanilla, caramel, or mocha that would be sweet as well with coffee flavor. So you would say the size (tall, grande, venti) then say iced and then your drink order. So like grande iced coffee with extra vanilla sweet cream. Or venti iced caramel latte. Or a tall iced coffee with 2% milk and 2 pumps extra of classic syrup. You can also just let the barista know you want an iced coffee that tastes sweet (with or without milk), and they’ll be able to make an order for you.
What's illegal about it?  Genuine question, gore centered websites have existed since the dawn of the net.
Oooof sorry to hear that
Breasts
Dr. Ken
Pay off all my and my partner's loans.   If I can continue from there, we'd both get top surgery and a house. And then I'm putting together my dream studio and joining all the print exchanges.
The percentage of Reddit users that are incels is too damn high.
Shigaraki's origin
Ya'll sleeping on danny phantoms sister
With an orange.
Maybe pay them an amount worth doing a good job for.
I know people would say the Chimera scene in FMA but it’s gotta be Maes Hughes dying. As a dad with a daughter, that funeral scene killed me.
Nukes
This stop tv show writers
Youtubers prodding their camera around everywhere or being loud and obnoxious in public.
r/insanepeoplefacebook  If you haven't checked it out but gather from the name of the subreddit that its's full of ignorance, misinformation, anti-vaxx, anti-COVID, pro-trump bullshit, then.. then you'd be correct.
Aragorn from Jackson's LOTR
I can tell you it sucks. Everyone has a thousand problems with you that they expect you to figure out while simultaneously not realizing they arent following their own rules. My current roommate used to yell at me for coughing when shes trying to sleep. That same person constantly will be on phone calls practically screaming right outside my door. Or I'll get shit on for leaving dishes for like 10 seconds and will be reminded to clean them AS im cooking. She hasnt done dishes in days regardless of the fact that shes working from home and i do dishwashing as my fucking day job. I love people but im not gonna lie and say my favorite days arent the ones where she is gone for the night
Titties
It’s 100% necessary
When someone has decided to kill themselves and made a plan they sometimes appear happier and more at peace and it can look like they’re getting better
I don't really like it when people say "thank you for your service" to me.
Spend one minute making  bumble account to see what it's like to get 10,000 swipes in 4 minutes.
A house.
only a symptom bro
[Oasis - Cigarettes and Alcohol](https://youtu.be/SaeLKhRnkhQ)
I think I just phrased it that way since the person I responded to said ex-wife. But I see what you’re saying.. unnecessary clarification.
Necessary. What happens if, after marriage, you find you're nor compatible sexually?
Sewage plant engineer.
I just want to feel alive again.  I guess I'm trying to chase that feeling.
Dog memory from Elfin Lied.
Thank you so much, you’re very kind (:
First thing, I'd go put gas in my car. It's not that I can't already afford to put gas in my car, I just need to go do it. I'd probably also grab a Gatorade and an ice cream cone while already at the QT.
Uraraka from mha (she is underaged but so am I )
Same here. I just stand up after the bath and the water comes out and I move on with my life, I didn’t know that was unusual.
Minecraft.
Part of me, my beard, is mothering to birds. Love is strong, don't call it weak. I'll hit you and my beard birds might peck you. You have it coming Sheinfield.  (It's ok babies, Sheinfield don't like you or your hairy me home, but Sheinfield just doesn't know what the deal is because Sheinfield lacks strong manly  compassion)
Wow. Everything you just wrote is false. First of: Tell me where in the Bible does it say that gay people are sinners? Second: Doesn‘t your religion teach that you should love your neighbor? Third: We do not - and I repeat - we do not want to destroy families. All we want is to be able to live the ways we feel comfortable. You are the kind of person who would hurt, injure or even kill people just because of their sexual preferences. What have LGBT people done to you? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. The way we live is not up to you. Tell me how me liking both men and women effects you in any way. How does me not feeling comfortable with the gender roles I was assigned at birth have anything to do with you. All we want is equal rights. Equal. we do not want to take away your rights. We just want the same. Us getting more rights does not mean you get less. It‘s not a cake. Also:  indoctrinate children? Seriously? Is it not indoctrinating forcing your kids to go to church every Sunday and obey rules written in a book some thousand years ago? We only tell children that it is ok to live however you want. You on the other hand tell them they have to listen to some old man in the sky or else they will burn and suffer for eternity. That is really fucked up. Damn I am glad I left church. If you think what you just wrote is right and just because of your religion you did not understand what Jesus Christ taught. He spoke of love. So do we.
Shurima's Sun Disc, on my back, with the waterfall and all, shoulder to shoulder wide and down the entire spine. Still want to do it, just need the money.
Bullfighting
r/antinatalism
Firearms. I just legally can’t otherwise I’d shoot, hunt and carry everyday.
Yeah when you can see the breaking coming, that's gtfo time. That and in my case anything teeth related (that scene in American history x urgh)
The man with no name?
I'll never understand why someone would want to see something like that.
People that build skyscrapers
[ah yes the ol’ Reddit butter-churner-a-roo ](https://www.reddit.com/r/holdmyfeedingtube/comments/q51751/hmft_after_i_hope_someone_called_an_ambulance/hg3jcrt/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
Whenever Rhett and Link talk about boobs on GMM, they always call them "boobaloobaloobies" and forwhatever reason it just stuck for me
That’s a lot of gas or a first class ticket to Beijing. It’s not like he can book airfare, probably has no passport, would have to check blades in for border inspection and would stick out like a sore thumb.
Can Reddit please let go of this hate-boner for BBT?  That's fine not to like it. It's not that great. But it's a perfectly average traditional three-camera sitcom. Even above average for the era in which it broadcast. There are literally hundreds of sitcoms that have been made that are much worse.
Jessica Rabbit
There's a story\* about a director on that show walking out in the middle of a live broadcast when a producer yelled something like, "shoot the legs" at him when a disabled woman was trying to walk.   \* From a book called, "How the Golden Age of Television Turned my Hair to Silver."
Tsk, tsk ... idle hands!
Is It on steroids?
Anything Kardashian. I delete channels from my social media that talk about them. I remove them from my eyes everywhere.
Yeah! Or some off brand. Same concept though.
childe from genshin impact. so hot.
If you really want to piss people off, list The Office as the worst TV show on your Tinder profile. Wait for the upset comments from girls who created their profile solely based on The Office quotes.
Thank you! What age would you have liked to get your own room?
That’s up there.
Desire
Ramona flowers, the blue haired version.
R/hermaincainaward
There was a huge brawl during an Olympic water polo game (match?) between the USSR and I think Hungary. Those Olympics happened shortly after Stalin (or Kruschev or however you spell it) sent in the tanks and there was just a bit of animosity.
Pepe le pu
I had this happen many times but the last time i saw two different kinds of entities. Two "hat men" and in between them was a grim reaper looking guy. I tried to focus on his face, it was hard, it was shifting around with a lot of weird colors, then i finally focused on it.  It was the face of an eagle or an owl. With a stare that sucked the life force out of me.   Ps-Watch "the nightmare"
Probably already said but the first person that popped into mind was Jonny Bravo
The war in Libya and the death of Michael Jackson.
Debt from my parents and my friends. Then we can all go to Six Flags without worries :(
Flexibleappliance456
Homes for my family, better education for myself, and a better functioning/safer vehicle.
On your dick after a one night stand
Toyota Jan. JK. I’m a AT&T Lilly man. Mm hmm.
Hormones, ADHD Hypersexuality, Trauma-induced hypersexuality, sexual addiction, certain mental conditions, physical hypersensitivity... there are honestly a lot of things that can lead to consistent arousal some of which are not an issue in the slightest and others that are the sort of things a person should seek medical treatment for.
TheBBLikingDino
McGuffeys
Dave Chappelle makes fun of everyone. Always has
Please elaborate. How are hospitals killing people?
Bahungas
I come from a conservative background- I grew up Catholic- I don’t need any more of that in my life.
The teen shows nick has been making recently how can anyone stand more than 3 minutes of them
Ghost Of Tsushima.
Fat people with funny accents and no free healthcare
Probably blocked in your country?
Remmy from Ratatoulie
Yeah it's endorphins
the problem is capitalism brother
sex
I think your ire should be at israel
ineffable husbands
Start with busy and then add ness
God damnit Eobard!
Isn't Raven's thing that she's a *teen*? You know, because *Teen* Titans?
Dany Phantom
Games. I like them with more quality than quantity
Send bobs
2
Is this a rare thing? I see it mentioned so so less, i thought there was something literally wrong with my nervous system or whatever, until i actually went and they did some tests.
Kitchen remodel.
How many of those do you do? Because I do some of those (gym, instrument, try to be social, sometimes cooking better meals, and other hobbies like hiking) and between that and work/household chores I don’t often feel like I’ve got very much time.   Of course there’s still time to jerk off and masturbation is healthy but if you’re feeling like you may have a porn addiction then it’s time to start jerking off without porn imo. An addiction to anything isn’t healthy.  I’m not expecting ou to answer but how easy is it for you to get hard without porn or some other stimulus? If it’s difficult then you should probably try to focus on doing the deed without porn.
Heh.  Writing with a French keyboard.
Holy cow. This is me right now! 🥺
I was going to say, there was one mom I saw on that show who had lost her front teeth in some accident and had no money to afford new ones. You could tell it devastated her self esteem. The show obviously gave her some new teeth and a pretty simple makeover and she came out stunning. She was smiling from ear to ear and just radiated. The shows premise often was pretty shallow but once in awhile they did really change a person's life around
The accent/language. Surprised I didn't see this at all scrolling through the thread.
Clap your turd cutter!
k then
Thank you! Tbbt is what got me interested in physics.
That is called mental illness
if that's the case, my advice would be to find something else to have fun with, and go back to drawing/painting when you feel ready to challenge yourself and to fall inlove with it too. forcing yourself would probably end up badly, but do what you wanna do!!
I tell you what I’d do man. Two chicks at the same time man.
r/findareddit
Chips and popcorn.
Out of curiously, what virtue are they signaling with this law?
Kids are Kinder there
Creative assumption. Don’t know why you feel the need to be a dick.
This is a good one. Completely and utterly destroy money in politics while using money in politics.
Yes, but I don't tell them it's coming and I choose what to put in it based on their tastes and perceived needs - milk powder, instant noodles, paracetamol, vitamins and chocolates because I'm not a monster lol
Norks
"Finally, a true pack leader who will accept me as one of their own!"
I never went to that one, I’ll check it out.
Bleep My Dad Says
When I worked in a restaurant false nails, long nails and nail polish was a hard no for all of the staff because of how unhygienic they can be and with nail polish it can flake off into food.
"Fine. I'll do it myself."
Worst day would have to be June 28th, 1914. Led to two global wars, both of which are the deadliest wars in history. Led to the advent of nuclear weapons and the Cold War as well
Take nudes
r/EnlightenedCentrism
His redemption arc was sad
What??
Yashahime is somehow a million times worse than Boruto
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Smii7y and Sam gladiator
Pepe le Pew
Impossible to say
Tutorial ⭕💢
Johnny Bravo
Honestly, all reality shows similar to Survivor.   While the challenges can be interesting, people watch (at least in part) to enjoy watching real people experience real pain & trauma. Do some deserve it? Sure. Did they know what they were getting into? Again, sure.   But this isn't watching actors pretend to be emotionally or physically hurt. It's real people suffering on camera, and I cannot believe so many humans enjoy watching that.
« Conversation »  I like women with a lot of conversation.
With me it was a self worth issue at the root of it. If it's like that for you, just know that you matter and it's okay to love yourself, flaws or not.
As soon as i hear those words slip through his mouth, I would immediately walk away without a word to kill his ego.
That blows
English used runic alphabet for a while so my bet is on words
Words. Oral words precedes written letters
Since it's unlimited, i would try to make all money worthless by flooding the market... And pizza
I didn't finish the series, but vaguely remember something about them meeting some Hawaiian royalists...who helped them out because they were monarchs too?  &#x200B;  Like Fuck me that's not how anything works.
Quit my job go get my CDL and enter trade school.
Thats true. It's definitely a stimulant.
Pay off America’s national debt.  Gotta watch it rise to another trillion in real time.
Unlimited money? Well I wanna end world hunger first. N then home to all the homeless, n finally buy a fucking island build myself a tajmahal.
Chavs
I’m surprised I haven’t seen Johnny Bravo yet. Definitely potential sex offender (or at least harasser).
Who Michael Jackson is... It’s happened
She-hulk, Wonder Woman(Gal Gadot), and/or Elsa
Pèpè LePew
Eggs. That way I can sell my children for money.
Smoking more weed
Yes! Or at least right next to it. Like you're walking over and picking it up without your body.
Super yachy
Think lottery.
Thanks for your words, I'm not alone
That’s because you have a complete misunderstanding at who’s fault it is for the lockdowns. The so-called “anti-vaxxers” are not the ones locking you down. They are just the scapegoat for the ruling class. It’s the political and corporate class who is locking you down and it’s for no benefit at all.  Biden has even said that things will not go back to normal until we get 96-97% of the country. This will never happen. This is after he postulated that vaccine mandates would never be enforced under his presidency and that 70% vaccination rate would be sufficient. We will never meet their objectives because it’s not about public health. It’s about control.
I guess I'm not the same as this whole thread but I'd absolutely buy a lamborghini aventador svj
Quite often,  we hear them before we see them  ;)
I think how if cis guys are alpha males then trans guys must be the full release males
A lawyer
Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft and Google.
Unlimited prostitutes
Cigs make me feel like shit. Weed makes me sick enough my boss sent me home worried I was about to vomit on the merchandise.  But weirdly, weed is all or nothing. I felt nothing on little exposure until it was enough to end my day.
A 24/7 personal trainer/nutritionist to push me to get in shape in meal prep real food. I'm obese 6'1" 220 lbs but not muscle. Not an " absolute unit" holy shit it would be amazing to have more energy and feeling healthier.  That's priority for me, become a muscle shirt douche with a BMW convertible, macho energy. Then buy a modest house and my Alexa and doorbell camera and fancy shit in the house.   And like 2 pounds of weed per visit to my friend.
Troy Rising series
Live in the ghetto, it's never boring there, and on the plus side you can always meet new and interesting people who may be able to get you some important connections down the road.   You could also try just going to abandoned places in or near your city/ town with friends/ classmates.
I may be out of my goth phase but my dick still works at Hot Topic.
Love Inc.
Good Luck Charlie was pretty good. Anything after Wizards of Waverley Place has been just awful
I got a baseball bat? 😂
A car and then maybe a house.
Thank you. She is my life.
If it helps, earlier in the year, both my younger brothers were exposed at different points (not our fault) before widespread vaccination was really a thing, and neither of them got it. I really hope your family can have a similar situation, and nothing bad will come from this
Read the article yourself. I dont think a person that admits to police they wanted to go on a random killing spree amassing 50 victims would have much to gain by lying.
It’s what blokes do.
Everything and nothing. Internet isn't place to diagnosis it. Visit a doctor
Conjuring
Ok lol
More money
Pineapple and ham, and bbq chicken.
We're all born naked, animals are naked, it's not a kink it's just how nature brought us to this world
Which joke was SBTB in on? There were a lot of jokes they were not in on.
Some Ice Cream probably.
I usually just stare at the baseboard...
Bagpipekiltstopia
Lol, you wake up in the morning and get to see that the penis you're born with has disappeared there's a hole between your legs, everything changes sir.
Not an alpha male
captain carter only cuddle tho
is   r/smegmalovers  on here yet?
Not that pretty, too many sharp lines and aggressive tones, 2/10 at best
Two words: Memory loss.
The Wild West lawlessness feeling.
No they are not! Stopped my late wife from using tanning beds after an unfortunate "turned dial to 11" incident.
Not as long as our civilization is a policed society.
I'm not gay per se, but goddamn Tom Hardy is hot.
pay a us medical bill
Fuck this website man
"She is old". My husband excusing my MIL'S behavior.
This happens to me too much 😞
It’s the Chinese.
r/Atheism
An entire hand.
I have dentures, because I was so depressed I didn't care my teeth were splitting apart.  What did it matter, because I had plans to kill myself at some point soon.  I'm doing better, but I still have "WTF was I thinking" moments about it.
Pepe le pu
My advisor told me to invest all my money in canned food and shotguns.
Slow realization through a series of inconsistencies and issues. I still want to make it work because we still enjoy doing stuff together, but the further along we go the less our values seem to line up.
If I'm at work then I give a smirk or a stick my tongue out. I don't say anything at work because I can get in trouble and my momma always thought me that if i have nothing good to say don't say it at all.  And when I'm off work I'll stick my middle finger out and ask them "how many fingers huh??""
Very this!
capitalism.exe
Unlimited budget including appliances and equipment, and those are the only parameters? Dream come true.
Has some good sauce on there, it's one of my fav sites
The Original George A. Romero Night Of The Living Dead
me too. rough sex would be heavenly with him.
Heart health. I had a heart attack at 34 caused by a SCAD (spontaneous coronary artery dissection). This condition is typically found in young healthy women, but when you think heart attack you only think of older men. Women’s heart attack symptoms can also be very different than men’s. I’m very lucky the er I ended up in was familiar with SCAD, but many women go undiagnosed and have multiple heart attacks.
No. That they masturbate fast as fuck?
A ticket to Utqiagvik, Alaska. Stop one on my now lifetime of nonstop travel
Oh oh I have a fun story for this. My boss was at a strip club and they were doing a charity auction where they would auction off hot guys for a date night and stuff 
The same way intellicrops are grown indoors and create a sustainable supply
Land
To be fair if you’re a Reddit user you’ve definitely seen worse
The sad part is that a lot of those people also work at least full time and have no insurance or self bought insurance that is crap. Universal Healthcare is super important and hurts so many people when it doesn’t exist.
Take off. When the tower says "you are cleared for takeoff", suddenly it's go time. You do the pilot's mantra ("don't fuck up") as you do the final check and push throttle. It's extra good if the tower says "no delay" meaning they have an inbound and they want you out of the way.
Pineapple
Done! Ty
A money clip
I'm gonna go gamble
And the only one that was probably not dramatic enough lol
TIL Jon and Kate plus 8 is an actual thing and not just a rap from Nicki Manaj
Do they have wooden shoes or wooden feet?
Oh I was referring to Bob Dillon the polka singer. Did you think I meant the immortal Bob *Dylan*?
What if humans weren't as much tribalistic and more in-tune with nature?
I feel like these kinds of shows are all background shows for like falling asleep to on a super low volume
Didn't cry but Akame ga kill when they all died
From a 2008 email I sent out that got back to me recently. .  So this year I went out on a mission. To give out roses to friends, family, and more importantly many random unsuspecting people on the street. In other words my extended family. All just because I just wanted to make some people smile from a free rose they wouldn't even see coming for them. My goal was to spread spontaneous happiness. I didn't have a Valentine.. so I figured I'd make everyone else mine. I got up around 11 am, went to the local flower shop bought 3 dozen roses ($156.00 very well spent), then I began my mission. I went to my Moms house first, of course, left her a rose on the kitchen table since she wasn't home, and then headed east. Long story short I proceeded to hand out roses to random people all day and night. Elderly women in walkers trudging through the whats left of the Chicago snow, two very precious small children walking with their Mother, young men and women walking down the street, a quirky but lovably hip coffee shop clerk, a handsome bartender, a homeless man begging for change in the middle of traffic and a used bookstore patron looking for that perfect novel etc, etc.. This one was the best though (thanks Dave and Mary for the idea!).... I went through the drive thru at McDonalds and btw I don't eat at McD's, they creep me out! Anyways I handed a rose to the drive thru attendant, told her Happy Valentines Day, and took my drink which I ordered. She blushed and said thanks. I was about to pull away, but I paused, thought to myself  for a moment and gave the attendant another rose and told her I wanted to pay for the persons food who was in the car behind me. I paid for their meal and I instructed her to give them the second rose that I had just handed her. She asked me what my name was and I said it didn't matter and drove off smiling. I completed my Valentines mission around 11:30 pm. So on Feburary 14, 2008 I took about a 12 hour shift volunteering my time for the benefit of mankind. For my lonely hearts out there, here I was... to the rescue! I loved it! I love it! The face of an unsuspecting person to receive a symbol of love for absolutely no reason and on top of that from someone whom they didn't even know! ..Oh! that look on someones face is priceless. Such a happy, joyful one! At first its a kind of shock, then embarrassment, then appreciation and then by the time they're wanting to thank me, I've already ran off plotting to commit another senseless act of kindness in the streets of Chicago. Knowing that they'll probably never see me again is an awesome feeling of selfless generosity and is simply quite amusing. If only I could do this everyday? If my soul could smile, this is would be the best way to describe how these acts made me feel inside. But right now even while I'm writing this I feel like I'm about to cry and I'm breaking up inside knowing that man shot all those people in DuPage on the same day. For what!? Things are so sad, so depressing out there sometimes. I feel "the city's gonna break your heart" has deep meaning in Honky Cat by Elton John. But we insist on only breaking our own hearts here because we think we're alone. Fear and consumption, fear and consumption. Afraid to love, afraid to show affection for one another. In a way I'm not surprised why this shit happens. So many lost children. We don't even acknowledge each other when we walk down the street! I understand why I feel sad and alone sometimes. Hopeless people out there alone, wandering in the streets. Why can't we just doing something nice for one another without expecting anything in return? People always think you have some hidden agenda, or want a favor, or your trying to work them over when its just you wanting to do something nice for them. It doesn't have to be this way, but this isn't the point to me writing this. Its very easy to be apathetic nowadays. Yes it is hard and yes it takes a little bit of effort and time to go out of your way and do something nice for someone besides yourself. But if more people did things like this we all would probably be in a much better place. Seriously! I doubt many of you are aware but its Random Acts of Kindness week. Go look it up if you don't believe me. So go out and do something good for someone. Maybe we can start some sort of a karmic chain reaction. Its really great what one individual can do for others because we all treat our loved ones this way. We know how to love the ones who show us love. What about everybody else out there? Common people show some love and let it spread. Imagine what a group of dedicated people could do for each other? All you've got to do is try. I love yall. I hope you're all well these days. Thanks for your time.
Angry Angry Geese
The float of GME. 😂
Miruko
Kardashians and Jersey Shore. Hands down.
I don't own a gun. I punch my prey.
Therapy
Relax bruh, you can’t just go all wild in the beginning, pace yourself.
The United States Senate.
Totties
Expand the earth by 2 and eliminate Jeff Bezos and every president from the 70s til now.
Gromit Mugs
I had a male cousin say I had to listen to him because he was an "alpha male and I'm just a lowly little girl".  I asked him how about I punch him in the larynx and we can see who's alpha.  If you feel the need to say you're an "alpha male", you're really an insecure little moron.
To each is own I guess, but eh
spelling buisiness
The force awakens was good. The rise of skywalker just felt rushed.
The War at Home
 Pepe LePew. Next.
Full thrust during takeoff. It puts a huge smile to my face
My MIL does this anytime she does something horrible to someone. She’s referred to herself as a queen, so we call her the queen of Karen’s. She’s SO mean and refuses to access therapy or counseling and insists if she had better kids they should be her counselours (after they started putting down boundaries). She’s a nasty, mean piece of work.
Bad idk theres too many, maybe when guns were invented
Just curious did he get fired?
Duh.
Fear The Walking Dead seasons 4 and 5 probably have to be the worst piece of TV I have ever seen, which is a shame because I still really enjoy the main show. But I have never known a show to suck as bad this did
Trump
I should have been more specific. Prioritizing innovative gameplay over graphics.
Two. I can see easily without glasses.
First thought is Y the Last Man. But... i am sure there are worse.
yeah but like… it looks neat  also tbh i feel like it deserves its’ own name. I propose that they be called “dickups” because it sure do be looking like dick pushups. so. dickups
Jake the snake
A full tank of gas.
This comment is cursed af.
All the colleges and hospitals and give away free college and health care
Pay off my family's debt and move out.
Clog dancing potheads
…OMEGAVERSE?!-
Hellen of Troy that bitch caused a world war if it’s that good id love to know
Mr. Darcy or Snape.
Gonna say it, The Office. Couldn’t make it past season 4 I think, but it just felt like the novelty of the show wore off very quickly. Not a lot was different each season, Michael was still an ass, Dwight was whatever Dwight was etc.
You need to be honest as to why you ignored her for 4 days. If you want a relationship with someone you have to be willing to be vulnerable with them.  Even saying I just can't talk for the next few days because of something I'm going through.
I’ve had a similar dilemma with like, John Lennon, or James brown or Miles Davis, like their music undeniably changed the world as we know it, literally, but god damn they were all such terrible people.
New Zealand, Japan, hell I'll even take Canada into consideration
Free Willy
Lucky you! Are there any specific things from your surrounding that inspire you or is it something pretty usual?
Rub butter on your nipples
Anything that’s broken or abandoned
Yes. And don't eat corpses.
The death of the going merry
In a spacesuit
Techmoan and Technology Connections if you like science.
I really need to know this
And the person panicking that the magic money won't last forever and rushing to bribe people to buy a house in less than 24 hours isn't?
A 7 foot tall couple in clogs, toking in the tulip fields by the windmill factory while they eat Stroopwaffels
Big fucking insects
My little cousin snuck up on me once and scared me. Afterwards he said “What’s wrong Scotty? You scared that a black man’s gonna break in?”
Humans of reddit, what is the sexiest sex you've ever had NSFW?
I'm not sure what I expected but I got about 3 pages in before I knew what I was doing.  It's like /r/popping but worse
the first thing i would buy is a new sister. mine is broken.
WibblyTibbly’s
Guess you’re not luking hard enough
What color?
30 seconds! Thats not enough time to deal with my 15 year old self. I need a week to set myself straight. I guess ill go balls to the walls scream "youre gonna fucking die if you dont do your homework!!!!"
Back to the Future II
Like usually, i just try to avoid sitting still for longer periods.
Nobody's getting married at the end.
Grand theft auto (3, Vice city and SA)
Enderman
Sure they do, even if they don't admit it. The loser will often bring up unrelated crap out of frustration, and at that point, the other person has already won.
Fountain coke
Let’s make it a reality 😉
huh? it's an opinion. why would you need a source for that
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "Why do people _______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. You can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended, or find a new sub at r/findareddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
When you’re on thin ice at your job and ask for a raise.
Name checks out
Alien abduction
To be fair, in public I will call my close friends names if they say soft stuff. But its just friendly bashing. We both understand and I do care, and we know that.
Questions on r/alcohol or r/drunk like "This bottle of vodka has been sitting in a cabinet for months, is it still safe to drink?"  lmao.
Ramen sandwich
Acheron by Sherilyn Kenyon, it was 816 pages.
How often does Netflix milk your third nipple for content?
Jerking off
Does anyone else remember that small period of time when AskReddit was filled with those stupid fucking questions that I used to ask when I was 5 to my parents when I was bored?   "Reddit if you had to choose between your phone and having a billion dollars, which would you choose?"  And for some fucking reason these questions got upvoted to some obscene number it almost seemed like reddit was pushing these posts or something...
If your wife cheated on you, all ,is fair in love and war...anyway ,the woman I tried with,told me to go back to my wife...happily married for 22 years....she kissed a guy while drunk...still pissed off about it...
My friendly living room poltergeist.
You watched that in school?? Whatttt
He would be amazed for sure and will be left wondering about our engineering capabilities looking at something so humongous...
The My Little Pony theme song
The song Hey Moon by Molly Niilson
can't hold us by Macklemore
I'm sure there's plenty of pedo but r/teenagers do feel like actual teenagers. If they are all 30 they sure are good at being teenagers.
Would I risk ending up paying for child support?
It’s not very nice, I know, but honestly, she means more to me than anything. I would feel awful and probably make myself ill with guilt, but…🤷🏻‍♀️
"69 420 haha"  "How dare you correct my grammar? Downvote!"
And the opposite is amazing. When you wake up thinking it’s morning but you’ve only been asleep for an hour
Union Jack, swearing and getting bombed by Germany.
See no, that's still not self worth either. That's straight self entitlement. Like why tf do you need MORE PAID TIME OFF WORK? Do your fucking job at work and actually earn your fucking money. Don't be a deadbeat with a job he doesn't go to but still gets paid to not ever be there. That's just tacky.
A gay guy told me I was hot but I stunk like a straight guy.
He was always a cunt.
low blood sugar (in the type 1 diabetes community). literally the most common meme on this is someone waking up the next morning with peanut butter on their face, candy wrappers on their bed, a chocolate and ham sandwich half eaten on the dresser, and theyre wearing the wrong clothes somehow
I got used to the fox screams but they chuckle and squeal right in front of my window at night, that’s what really scares me. Half asleep at 2am and you hear a faint *grrrrrrrrhahahahaha* from right outside the window
No, that's wrong and a serious crime.
Freedom of religion in the US.
Girls if you look stare at a guy and he catches you staring and you smile and look away and he smiles too then you’ve basically became a couple
An actual scary horror movie
Mario party
Im kinda bad at it so yeah...
Hollywood
That must have been so painful, I hope everything’s ok!
She was upset cookies at a yogurt shop were labeled as "sugar free" and took to twitter to essentially cancel the yogurt shop.   Also, she thinks aliens is an offensive word to describe extra terrestrials
Tunnel vision is a bad thing
I mean I'm all for saving money, but the boxer game has changed in the last 10 years immensely. You need to try out some new material or cuts, the game has changed.
I used to tell people I was grounded so I couldn't hang out. I used to have my mom call and we'd have a code word so she knew when to text so I could show my friends I needed to get home "NOW".. I'm too old for that excuse now.
I could help with world hunger, I could help with global warming, or I could ship everyone in the world a Tamiya 1/35 scale Sdkfz. 251/1 just so I can get one for free
A crying infant looking for food
I came for relationship advice 2 years ago. Stayed for the 3am gulp of water.
Simpsons Road Rage
Ummmm just answered the question. Nobody mentioned race..
Whatever i can come up with to get on amazon in the next 48 hours
i’d like. put toothpaste or something harmless. not poison tho
Yeah me too
Normal behavior being viewed as "leftism" or "socialism" by the cult on the right.
Don’t bother, people around here don’t like people looking into things for themselves.
Wow that is addicting
Emojis they could also mean 30 though
The "left on read position"
Which craft
I look down at my partners boobies and think lol bouncy boobies
YESSS !!! I was about to sleep with this guy a few years ago and as we were starting, he asked if I liked it soft or hard. Not as part of dirty talking bus as a genuine question. I was sold!
Sex-related-questions, bitches!
"Your eyes are so pretty I would gouge them out with a spoon and keep them under my pillow"
Just start with hi or some other smalltalk or great party eee? Want some gum? And keep talking till u get to kissing
Gud soup.
Fleabag
No. I don't understand how it should be possible to enhance ones attractiveness to stick some bling on the belly button.
Disagreeing with you on this one just to show there are people who don't mind. My partner has cried multiple times and I don't mind comforting him at all. Might be because we both have ADHD (so heightened emotions are common) but I appreciate him sharing those moments with me.
American Pie because of Black Widow movie
Lovely Day by Bill Withers
I think that's good that you did it to make your family more comfortable.
In the mirror
That's it.  Just x men hahaha
Tacos from those little street stands
Okay this video made me smile! Only thing I have to say is I’ve never in my life had a salad there
They start cutting on things like tissues in the kitchen or a coffee and perks like free workout coupons and such.
I have a BMW S1000RR and nothing is better than driving around in a higher gear so you only hear a soft hum and playing some soft rock on some semi busy roads.
4-5 times now. I have a tendency of arriving late. But while I’m at the job I do 3x the work so I justify myself and don’t mind it as much. Some of my previous bosses have acknowledged this and allowed me to come in 10-15mins later without it being a huge deal, others just followed the metrics.
The irony
Alex the Kidd
listening to rain
You'd think so, but some 45 year olds can have the attitude/vocab of a 16 year old
if i die, then i know that i’ll be with the Lord
Lost my smell over the years, don't mind it, not even a tinsy bit.
The color ig
I'm having one!!!
The nipple is off-putting
He said he didn’t know shit. 😂😂😂
But they found the Lindbergh Baby's body.
Breeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaad.
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher
Gone out clubbing
I don't remember.
Probably because they spent all their money making their one car as loud as possible.
I’m hot
For context im 19:  Consuming alcohol, having a driver's license, having had a relationship, sex
Right. Because when a girl says no, she always owes the guy an explanation. /s  Don't be dense.
Word salad?
Metallica
"when opportunity meets preparation you have success"
Fishnets. Never understood the fascination behind them. Total turn off to me.  To each their own.
Where do you want my pre baby?
Any minor thing that any normal person can deal with in a relationship - 'You should break up with them and go no contact with the entire family.'
Hormones
World Of Warcraft
Chronic pain sufferer reporting in. The pain usually hits me hardest when I change position - like laying down every night.   Delta 8 edibles are a godsend. It’s legal (or at least a very fuzzy gray area in the US) according to the 2018 Farm bill. It’s sold in retail stores (and that will be my alibi if it ever becomes an issue). It doesn’t hit you as quickly as pot which I was never a fan of (too much of a straight edge and control freak). It sneaks up on you gradually - like over an hour.   Even if I’m not getting a full 8 hours, I seem to be sleeping deeper and more restful than without the help.
Try some herbs. If you are in America, the newly legal kind will do you just fine. I have migraines & also battle off & on with insomnia. I tried the herbs I speak of & within an hour, I was in dreamland for a solid 10 hrs. There are different forms of CBD that will instantly make you sleepy while nourishing your body at the same damn time!
It’s just something I’ve noticed primarily men (young and old) do my entire life.
I enjoy mostly in depth single-player games. That's why I targeted rockstar.
Oh that makes more sense
Loneliness
Win if you can lose if you must, but always cheat
Going for a walk
Wear condoms
If I might inquire, What sort of acts of copulation are you performing???
As long as you have some indication of when to pause you're all good. Your semi-elipses worked fine. Spell-check doesn't tell you when to end a sentence, it just tells you when something's spelled incorrectly. Or if you forgot a capital after a period or something lol
some white lies are OK, but if you’re doing it to hide something then it’s not ok
The Harry Potter ones.  And some Nora Robert's stuff.
Bolito scene from the counselor
That's the standard of evidence required to put him in prison. Just because there's not enough evidence to prosecute him doesn't mean we don't all know what he did. Just like OJ Simpson.
Get two birds stoned at once
Told the doctor to stop treatment and medicine for my dad except for comfort.
The bible.   I'm not completly sure IT was the longest but IT definitly feels like IT.
Dr Sexy approves of this.
I think that show might actually be perfection.
Eating clean ass is so much better than eating pussy
Pokémon Crystal
Hahaha I wish🤑
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
well played.
We don't have any real sense of community or collectivism.
engagement ring. my fiancé loves it but good god is that tiny piece of metal and stone not worth that much
Yes, being more sexcellent would be sexy
Drink a lot of water. Then drink some more.
Waffles
Good point. Let's say you do choose someone. What's the best way to be the best you can be?  Or like, to make the most out of that relationship.
Everything is more intense
Username checks out
A phone call from your parent.
Demi Lovato. I USED to be a big fan of her up until she became political and look at her now.
I learned that a lot of advice I had heard about how men are and how to treat/talk to men was a lot of gendered bullshit. My husband is completely different from a lot of what I had come to expect from men. I even have two male friends that love female-coded entertainment - ie romcoms and real housewives type shows - and female authors. I'm not into that stuff personally, but over time started to find it really cool that they were just immune to social pressure around liking things "for women".  My husband didn't know that people with vaginas have to shit all the time when they're on their period. Something about tummy contractions.
$1000 Amazon gift card
I abuse that comma splice like it owes me money, because it does, and I like using it.
Oh boy do I have a story for this one. This may come across as a pittle modest but, I think my prank was the best in my high school. Here's how it went: It was my senior year, (senior prank) and as far as I knew, no one else had had a plan for their senior prank. But I, I had been planning. Since freshman year I had thought up a devious idea. I wanted to do a prank that was completely harmless, but would both be really funny for me and also the teachers. (It would also not get me in any troucle as far as I knew, and it didn't so that was good.) I decided I wanted to set up an alias for myself, the name was; *The Prego Pirate* . My plan? I would stock up on jars of Prego Marinara sauce. Then, while the teacher was away or their door was open, I would slip a jar onto their desk. Super simple but it would mess with their psyche, like, "Where did this jar come from? Why Prego Marinara sauce? Why does this keep happening? Who is doing this?" I would also need to get the help and undying support of my entire class. Then I needed to plan out the teachers that I would strike. Specifically I had selected one teacher in particular who I would focus my strikes on, she was my English teacher and for the sake of the story she shall be called Ms. Smith. I also selected a few other teachers and would eventually do random places down the line. But Ms. Smith was vital to the plan. She was an older woman but I knew she would both enjoy it and take up the challenge that would ensue. This teacher also only had me for one semester, she knew me well, but not well enough to have her suspect me. Finally, after years of planning, it was time for the execution. It was the second semester, I wanted to do my prank towards the end so it felt like I couldn't get into as much trouble, I was kind of worried about that cause I was a good boy and didn't want that on my record although personally now that would have been really funny to explain. But anyways, i had my supply of Prego ready to go, I had my teachers selected, and I had plenty of people in on it. Then came the first week of my plan. For the first week I wanted to focus my strikes on Ms. Smith that way I could peak her intrigue and get her suspicious of people, which she suspected most of my really close friends, so, sorry to them lol. But the first day I had planned for one of my friends to distract her while I would slip a jar onto her desk. But what I didn't expect was that friend got a ton of people I think it was like 12 people to just swarm her. It was perfect, I quickly slipped past and into her room and swung out. It was genuinely like a pefectly executed heist. I've never heen more proud. Second day wasn't so easy, and the rest wouldn't be either as now her gaurd was up. She was on the lookout. I was still able to get friends to successfully distract her but she was now suspicious of them and actually started accusing them. But the plan still went down. The third day was when things started to get a little more difficult. She started to close her door so I couldn't just slip in, now I had to rely on a different approach. Thankfully their was another way. Since this was during covid, the teachers were allowed to take their classes out to go on "mask breaks." This was my window, it was only 15 minutes, but it was all I would need. And thanks to teachers not being able to fully close their doors, again due to covid I could still easily get in. Now I just needed a friend in her class to tell me when she went on mask break so I could quickly say, "I have to use the bathroom," and slip out with a jar comically in my pocket. It was quite goofy, but it worked. This would be my approach for the rest of the week. Finally on the last day of the week I decided I would introduce my alias, The Prego Pirate. I had typed out a beautifully crafted letter that would both intrigue her and enact a challenge. The challenge was to correctly identify me by the end of the semester before school ended. The reward for identifying me would be a box of spaghetti noodles hand delivered by me, but I was not worried about this because her suspicions were most definitely not on me. She was accusing her class and my friends and it was great. She had absolutely no idea. From this point things continued to go on at a decent pace. I started "prego-ing" other teachers using the same methods and really nothing to interesting happened. It was closing in on the final week of school and I wanted to spice things up and get ready for my last push. I decided to type her another letter, this one would have two ways to identify me. The one was quite a brilliant code that I had made that fully contained my name. The other was a riddle that when solved would give the name of the final teacher I would Prego. At this point I had prego'd about a dozen other teachers and places and I even got a friend to print out a bunch of wanted posters that he hung around the school. Tensions were high. I also decided as per many of my friends request that I wluld reveal myself to her on the last day if she didn't identify me so I came up with a pretty shabby but funny plan for that but that was to come. Finally it came to my last prego jar in which I did the slowest, I wanted to take my time so that she could potentially catch me in the act. But alas, she did not. The Prego Pirate walked free. I decided for my big reveal that I would "solve the code" from that letter and have my friends convince her that I was an, "Expert Code Solver." Which was really dumb but it worked. Many people knew about this prank so it was easy to convince her that I knew about the letter. I also decided that I would give her a box of spaghetti upon my reveal just as a final huzzah. Also, a ton of my friends wanted to see the reveal so it was quite funny on the last day a ton of seniors just swarming into this poor english teacher's room trying to convince her about my "code solving skills." Finally I "cracked the code" in front of her with perhaps my greates quote, "I'm not sure, but I- I think the Prego Pirate (at this point I had a friend reach into my bag and grab the spaghetti to give to her) but I think the Prego Pirate is *ME*." The noodles were placed onto her desk as if it was a mic drop amd the room quite literally burst into laughter. She was baffled, she had genuinely no suspicion of me. It was actually really funny because she had come up to me and asked me about the Prego Pirate, but she wasn't accusing me, she was just asking if I knew anything about it. And honestly thank covid for masks, becasue if she saw the massive smile that I had it would have been over. She also loved that so many people were in on it, I'm pretty sure eventually the entire school knew it was me which was pretty crazy since yeah I told a lot of people but not the entire school. At the end I had told her to donate the jars and noodles to a local food bank as they take that stuff. And overall I think it went super well and genuinely was pretty funny to see play out according to my plans. And again it was absolutely harmless which was what I truly wanted. It wasn't a stupid "devious lick" or any stupidity like that. Just one man, a bunch of Prego( I think it ended up being like 30 or so jars) and a bunch of awesome friends to aid me in this crazy endeavor. Would I do it again in college? Absolutely.
Move on
how many times I can cum to it before it starts to lose effectiveness
In real life
Fair answer
I'm pretty sure that the guy who wrote that missed the point of Economics. Economics isn't like meteorology, it's like climatology. You aren't trying to predict the stock market, the stock market is a measure of *investor expectations*. Economists are trying to develop the basic information that is later used by people in Finance to predict the stock market.  You can get mad about climatologists not predicting snow all you want, but you're complaining at the wrong person.
What's cnc?
“Supposably” lol
Little Mix
Jesus christ that is one productive day
Maybe they just want to give it a second thought?
Nice!
too intrusively close-up, cameras on the aisles would be better.
A can of soda. You know you’re not thirsty for fizzing carbonated sludge at 3:00am. It doesn’t even taste good and your just drinking it because you’re bored.
The blood of my enemies.
Yeah a lot of the responses in this thread are like "what did teenagers do in 2004?"  13 year olds, they're always making Geocities sites about their favorite slash pairings, amirite?  I mean, I guess I'm glad that I'm not hip to what 13 year olds are doing in 2021, but none of this sounds accurate.
>The very first touchscreen smartphones were launched in early 2007..  Touchscreen smart devices such as Communicators and PDAs existed as far back as 1998.
Looks like we haven't read the same stuff. Everything I've seen on this subject points me to believe that amber was the abuser. There's lots of stuff she's made up thats been disproven if that's what you're on about
Yup I know. It does look fun
Yeah I mean it's tough to go through bad periods like this. I've had some pretty weird ones myself. It always helps me to focus on something outside myself, and when I can't, not overprocessing but just sitting with my breathing. See if you can go volunteer at an animal shelter or a garden something like that. The act of taking care of other things can help you want to take care of yourself.
If blocking these ads on all those devices is something you still desire, check out Piholes, its basically a private DNS on a raspberry pi, and blacklists all the ad serving domains. You do have to keep the list of advertising domains updated though, however you can find lists of these which get updated
Pillsbury Doughboy seems like a pretty safe bet.
Having user names that reference early 90s Canadian comedy troupes.
I had to walk 12 miles home because nobody gives a shit
That self care and self love is worth the time you spend doing it :)
The anus is rich in nerve endings and some people enjoy them being stimulated. The same reasons that make oral sex feel awesome apply for ass eating.  Tl;dr if my partner likes it and it's clean, they get their ass eaten.
It was my dad. For almost my whole life, I’ve held a grudge as he was physically and sexually abusive to me. A couple of years ago, my counselor helped me to see that this grudge was keeping me chained to him. Every time I was reminded of him, all the anger would well up in me again. He said that I was letting my dad live rent-free in my head. Wow! After some very hard work, I let the grudge go. This does not mean it excused what he did to me, and I kept the boundary that he would never be in my life for my protection. It was one of the most healing things I’ve ever done. Now I’m free!
> Stating you were born during the Ford presidency.   Does anybody talk about presidents when they were born? More like "I remember when Clinton...".
Martha, that was above average. Well done.
With essential hygiene products and household cleaners being expected to rise in price even more due to inflation, do you have any at-home recipes that you use for shampoo, conditioner, or hand-soap that are comparable to a store-bought quality, not containing any compounds that are “forever chemicals/compounds” that get absorbed into the body via the skin? (PFAS, whatever is going on with forever-compounds in makeup, lotions, hygiene products like shampoo or conditioner.)   Any dish soap recipes? Other household cleaner recipes?  We either are going to be eating the dog shit laid from our corporate overlords chihuahua’s and be shoveling out money for bars of soap to shower with in the next two-three years probably (AM GUESSING based on current conversations) and I don’t wanna spend $7 for a single bar of soap in the potentially very near future
I got a toe separator for painting my nails a few weeks ago and absolutely lost my shit because it had enough separation thingies for six toes. I've never had the problem of not having enough toes before. Anyway, I  guess the extra digit people are numerous enough to get their own toe separators. 🤷‍♀️
Thanks!
immortal
You just need some weed, it’ll always be positive reflection
Sup, Neil?
I don’t know how to read.
Just blend in, don't get noticed, nobody fucking cares about you.
It's about 4:30 AM. A retaining wall block thrown through your living room window. About a month ago.
True, true & every other woman I know has had times when it’s been on for 6+ weeks. I dunno about everyone else but my teenage years were the worst for it & heaviness etc.
You look like a guy I used to f--- in prison.
A gun
When all of reality sluffs off the mind and existence becomes the single point between two souls. The absolute single-mindedness just before a perfectly timed shared climax.
Sexiest sexers of sexit, what is the sexiest sex thing sexy sexers did when sexing what wasn't the sexiest sex you have ever sexed with the sexiest sexer of sexit.
I once biked onto an active movie set that wasn't properly blocked off, interrupting filming and making Edward Norton angry. I'd want to get hit by the Batmobile in a similar situation, where it was not my fault because the set wasn't properly blocked off. The payout settlement would be huge. Plus, hit by Batmobile is a good story.
Healthcare?
I still remember the compliment my friend (girl) did about 8 years ago.
Damn that's an edit.
Oh it constantly is. Imagine knowing large parts of your family doesn't give a shit about you. While they act like they do in front of other people. Like them full on joining up together regularly to make your life and the lives of others and themselves worse like clockwork. For no logical reason what so ever. Then watching as their actions slowly kill any and every last person around them. Choking the life out of them so that they don't appreciate the little time we have left on earth. Without them being antivaxxers.
Imagine dragons
99% of reddit
Introverts aren’t sociophobes, buddy
wall street bets type capitalist or a tankie
Tax cuts for Ba-billionaires!
posting repetitive content like it's the first time anyone's seen it, probably because for them it is. especially bad in fandom subreddits
Thing is that if the money isn’t tied to a crime and nobody claims it, you still can claim it as lost property in some places.  Depends on the laws.
Christian Bale said he was channeling Tom Cruise in American Psycho and that makes total sense
Lmao
Hitting a moose.  Twice in my life
I said ADVERSE reaction.
If only one millionth of a trillionth of an immortal lifespan is prosperous, that will still be much more of 257 years - and by the, way 257?
Everything is more intense
Bad idea!
Got things to do at night, all my vehicles are loud asf
Eminem's 3 A.M. in the morning song....🤷‍♂️
Sex is important to my guy and he's happy when I give him orgasms.  It's a way he connects emotionally and physically with me and he's a pushover with all the things I ask him to do to maintain our relationship.  I like sex but he really loves it so it's a nice little gift, like a backrub, but I just have to clean up after.  It's fun because he'll stop anything at the drop of a hat, me saying, "Hey, wanna cum?"
If there is 2 men and no women >:)
But discrimination against white people just can't be compared to discrimination against other races. If someone says something bad about white people as a whole, it's just mean, and it's not going to have a strong impact. But if someone does the same against marginalized races, it reinforces existing and widely held prejudiced beliefs about that group. There needs to be a distinction made.  With genders, I would say men are also oppressed, since there are beliefs and systems that disproportionately affect them, and sexism causes men to have worse emotional health on average and so on. But white people don't face anything like this because of their race.
$AMZN
“Taxation is theft”
Shakira, Elton John because of the tax haven stuff. Used to love them both
This is a stupid one. The answer is in the question.
My day doesn't normally leave me sweaty and dirty tbh. I've tried the night showerer lifestyle and I ended up showering the morning after too.
Hi, current me (because I’m 15.)
Wtf no
Someones always trying to fuck you over regardless of race
PC Master Race 
The 13 year olds on reddit.
Just guys
We watched Sixth Sense in school and when they revealed that he was dead the whole time, the entire class was SHOCKED, including me. It was so quiet in there you could hear crickets outside the classroom lol
Stuff that I enjoy watching
I don't like being around other people at all, whether male or female or some combination thereof. People could throw themselves at me with love and all I'd care about was identifying the nearest exit.
"Right said Fred, time to get your hair on."
I used to say that just to pass of my brother, and then it became something I would say from time to time. Ugh
I shot John F. Kennedy
Thinking about your person.
Seeing my grandma in a bed at the nursing home staring at me and realizing she didn’t know who I was
it's natural to like talking about things you know a lot about
My go-to is the "someone is calling me I gotta take this." bit. I play a ringtone on my phone and gesture to it to make it more believable. Then I leave and never comeback.
Thank you Bruce Springsteen
The song 3am by Halsey
Your alarm going off
Being in emergency room of hospital and leaving in the middle of the night when you've lost all sense of time
That women do actually poop.
ig i’m an alien
Was it in her purse? Seems like she's always losing things in there.
Summoning Bloody Mary in the bathroom mirror.
Solar panels
Hehe this makes me feel good about myself
Little big planet on the ps3
That’s called murder.
Everyone is getting a $1000 gift card until Jeff runs out of money
I work nights- redbull at 3 when you’re off at 4 anyway and then can’t sleep till 11 it’s were it’s at 
Wamen is just government conspiracy to decrease inter male bonding
A bowl of cereal
Shit talking something in a 200 line comment without using a single curse word
I come from no prominent old money and my grandparents still act like I'm supposed to be a war hero or a Cobbler. There is no in between.
1 box
Pretended that I am a women on askreddit
The key is finding two hot girls who want to play with each other and don't mind you dipping in. If they are both focused on you solely and expect you to focus on them it's stressful and unenjoyable.
It doesn't happen right in front of my salad.
A thirteen year old screaming that he's 13 is a good start
says more about you than them
Ice water.
Ha, recently got rickrolled and boy wasn't this a good one.  (https://youtube.com/shorts/ycRjXHhscPw?feature=share).
Gunpowder, coffee, and a smoldering fire pit in that order or all together
Not today Human Resource department!
Capitalist utopia is unachievable because been capitalism wealth is always further concentrated. So it would inevitably be progress for the few, and the rest would live day to day in corporate compounds like Amazon wants to build... Sounds like the worst parts of communism for the 90%.  Communist utopia would have everyone provided for and able to pursue working in any field because the education would be freely available
Get kind of pissy when plans to buy pizza were cancelled and we had to have leftovers instead.
Sure, so there might be better options, but at the very least actual people will have something to eat.
Elder scrolls Morrowind, I dumped an ungodly amount of time.
Go job hunting I dont want the responsibility.
Chugging ice cold tap water from the kitchen sink in your underwear.
I never made an online friend after my last online friend was only trying to be friendly to get access to my Xbox. I have trust issues now.
it's very kind but im fine , im starting a therapy
Lordran
Nebula Fighter.
actually sleeping
To create fear towards any rival gangs
Recovered from crushing financial and career blows.  Setbacks can sharpen the mind or destroy you. If you're young enough a series of smart decisions can not only get you back on track but help you exceed your expectations of life.   Reiss' book *Who Am I?* will help chart your course.
Oop, there's another one. Hi!
Father or father figures who play pranks on us are the best imo as long as they don't affect us in any way mentally or physically.
Kitchen nightmares
How some close hurt me the most
Blue cheese. I just can’t. It practically makes me sick.
Poplar isn’t too much more expensive. Then you can add some green to that yellow!
No mom, I'm ***not*** on drugs! I'm just sitting in my room!
Owl John - Red Hand
Realizing you just finished the bag is one of the worst feelings at 3:00 a.m.
holy f— frick it f- flipping stinks
The Bible
A lot of the times from 3-5 AM my doorbell will ring a couple times.
Where can we get fitted??
Being in emergency room of hospital and leaving in the middle of the night when you've lost all sense of time
No bro, you don't understand, **I** am on the ***RIGHT*** side of history you bigot. The fact that you don't accept *insert weird shit that doesn't make sense here* without question is just PROOF that you are a hateful, backwards, and disgusting bigot, bro.  You must be a nazi or something bro.
Die with no regrets•
Until one night…
17 dogs
Good cameraman, and the guy doesn't moan or talk
I left the country, I said Ill be back in 3 months. The I said a year, then 3 years and its been 8 years and I never went back lol.
Step 1 : Buy GPU's in bulk, save cost, distribute it to the people.  Step 2 : Wear Cape.  Step 3 : Watch the fall of civilization as everyone burns so much electricity that blackouts cripple the world and Amazon becomes the only source of delivering necessities to the people in need.  Step 4 : Use this to get Bezos go ahead to back the one in charge of Amazon.  Step 5 : Call yourself GPU-Man.  Step 6 : Using your overwhelming influence convince the world that GPU's are the new global currency, and everyday items will be traded with it as the standard. As only a set amount of GPU's can be made, this makes complete sense.  Step 7 : Write a book with a quote something along the lines of:   >"Power to the people ... oops."  Step 8 : Divide humanity into 3 tribes, the tribes of N-vidiana, Intellious and AMDara. Bring them together to fight in the "Power Hunger Games". Winner gets the all powerful golden sample.  Step 9 : Rule this Dystopian Landscape you've named "Amazonia".
Playing the Guitar. I used to play for hours every day. Unfortunately I think Rock/Metal is a dying genre now. There’s nothing that catches my attention any more and I’m bored of playing the same old classic rock songs.
I have no idea what your talking about. 
health is definitely a blessing, will be praying for you
Years ago saw a gif of this and was like wow that was hot, and then I started seeing it more and more, and now it just looks like they're panting like a dog. First time I saw it the girl was just really hot. Can't stand it now.
Creampie endings
These are the sort of nuanced thoughts an adult would make.  This one isn't 13 guys! get him!
Can't we all just be sexcellent to each other?
Again, I lived in Norway and have many friends still there. That style of social democracy is (I feel) more fair and just than what we have in the US. As the cost is spread out across the general population and economy and not borne by the individual.   My friends working there in comparable jobs pay about 2x what I do in taxes, but don’t have expenses like I did with healthcare, education and childcare. They also have a quality of life that is much better than the average American. However, to call healthcare free (especially when you figure VAT into the mix), isn’t true. Furthermore, it doesn’t prepare us to answer the rhetoric by the other side.
I don’t like scented things that aren’t the source of a scent
Her sister.
Big dong
US state/federal park police are some of the chillest authority figures you'll ever meet. But if you 1) disrespect the park or 2) blow them off as "not real" cops, they're going to be pissed. Both of those attitudes show you're not going to follow the rules of the park that keep you and others safe (e.g. your stoned ass will try making friends with a bear)... and if the ranger has to arrest you, the nearest holding facility may be over an hour away, which is a waste of everyone's time when visitors could just follow the rules and be chill.
Women of reddit, what is the sexiest sexy sex sexual sexy sex thing you have done?  Women of reddit(18F) , what is the most sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexies(47F)t sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexu(28F)al sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual (56M)sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexie(45m)st sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual sexual sexy sex sex sexual sexy sexual sexiest sexier sex sexual  Thing you have ever done to an antisocial 36 year old man living with his parents and spends 16 hours a day browsing reddit?  Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger!
Nothing I didn't already know but damned if it didn't lay it all bare.
In lieu of dressing, a good fruit can really make a great salad. Only use EVOO or IF you use dressing, make your own so it is not filled with sugar.
My name
Switzerland.   Guns, national healthcare, mandatory military service, average salary around $125k… sees like a decent place.   Also haven’t been in a major war in nearly 200 years. That’s pretty nice. Their actual last battle against a foreign nation was some 500 years ago, so..
But do you stay in the right lane? I don’t mind people who drive the speed limit as long as they don’t disrupt the flow of traffic. It isn’t their job to enforce laws and road rage is a scary motherfucker
Was the only girl in my class to have pads, my female bully begged for one. I didn't gave it to her
There’s a guy in my town who will start racing around middle of the night. I don’t hear it unless I’m outside, so it’s not ridiculously loud, but I’ve never seen him either. My guess, he thinks it’s thrilling, and there’s less traffic and/or cops at night
Dx ball
LOL now thats just funny to imagine
Didn't he try and start a cult too?
that was me when i was 13 years old, even now
Can you explain what short sleeper syndrome is? I too have been diagnosed by 2 different shrinks with ADHD, so I'm confident I have it, but amphetamines really fuck with my sleep, so matter what time I've taken them they're no bueno. Sad because for the few hours they work, it's like," Fuck, is this what normal is suppose to feel like?" Which was an amazing feeling. No anxiety. Confident, need to do a task, boom, very easy to start it. Not being medicated is hard. Always have this kinda internal anxiety, tightness.
Army of Darkness  So many great one liners.
Old school dance music and LSU/Lafayette/LA Tech games during college football season. No rooting for 'bama allowed!!
One of my professors says the same thing has happened to them after getting Covid.
Baler? I hardly know her!
Yes. Your birthday celebrates the end of the numbered year.
Jeff Bezo's bussy
Technically accomplishes his goal does it not?
Megaman 2
Go back to sleep.
You gotta frog squat and pick up an invisible coin.
Aw. Anger management dog
Only if you let it.
Oh yeah? Well I bet I'm more disappointing than you in bed!
The small of nature.
Pokemon Silver.
It's not a parade per se but when American zoomers write money like 26$ instead of $26. I realize this doesn't actually impact my life at all and i have no idea why it bothers me so much.
Cross eyed with their tongue out. Fucking stop
Pacificly, I could care less   Also I know it's a vernacular thing, but aks really grinds me
Immortality
?
India
That they existed
The hair.  For the love of God, the HAIR!
I will just say… CNC
Nothing because it was made up by a homosexual racist
This isnt even a question dude
Billie Eilish
I don't really trust this. But sell your phone. If you don't take any advice from all these comments you're only choice is sell your phone. I don't trust it because you're in a city. I lived basically in the middle of nowhere and my exs dad was abusing her. We found a home for abused women in 40 min. Doing that in a city should be much easier
What did he do?
Skateboarding.  A combination of just growing out of it to find different interests, and it falling out of vogue.
It definitely is not true. Every woman I've ever been with wanted to be manhandled in the sheets.
I had symptoms that basically mimicked food poisoning for about 48 hours..Not pleasant.
I’m also Princess
/thread
Cereal
Someone should write a rap song about that.
Yeah the 257 years Part sounds better imo
You mean you can actually "discuss" politics without insulting each other and yelling? I don't believe it.
Fight club  🤷🏼‍♀️  I want to watch it but I just keep putting it off.
The sun still being out
I enjoy the sex related questions....it is so much fun to mess with the pervs
ur
It was. And absolutely refreshing/exhilarating. I'd rate it a perfect 5 out of 7.
Oprah. Moralistic asshole.
Lmao literally sounds like an episode of Oz, that’s wild!
That you should avoid men who badger you to take the condom off.
Sunlight
sweeping generalizations and overly emotional reactions to logical problems... oh wait thats all yall
Where would I have my money if I were an itunes account?
Clean pads.
Dishwasher
*Long Way Round* style trip with my buddy and some newer adventure bikes. Or with Ewan... he seems pretty damn cool.
Animal Crossing, it wouldn't be too bad
No, I just hate feet
Correct, you start at 0, and work your way to 1 year old.  You are beyond your age year after your birthday.
 The words,  lit, hella, fleek etc etc....
Dermatologist doing a body check told me I was clean. It seemed weird because I didn't know if she meant clean like having no issues, or clean like literally clean. I had to wonder if most people are just fucking dirty?   Was it a compliment or medical finding? I'll never know...
Well that got kinky quick
A crying baby
50’s
so you're saying that _many_ civilizations just accidentally invented token currency or money, unnaturally?
The official amongus costume
So I had sex with two guys who avoided swearing and no joke one of them whispered in my ear “I want to fudge you.”  Never been so erect in my life.
Seeing the clock and realizing you have a few more hours of sleep before getting up for work.
Because I want to be
We're still considered first world? Wow.
Lord of the Rings BFME 2 or Chicken Invaders 2.
My little ferret/my little kit, since ferrets are my favorite animal.
feet fetish
My dad
The best part of waking up, is getting snuggles from your pup. My pup comes to the side of the bed in the morning and gives me a hug and a snuggle and  nudges me to get up. I hug her back or throw the covers over her head and look in the mirror to see her tail wagging away. Apparently she has an important puppy meeting outside
Depression.   Alternatively, my ADHD meds that I took at 9am.
stretch
Wait…. what?
Sleep
change usually for work
I kinda liked the Fat Albert/Little Bill shit when I was young, but never liked anything where I could see his face. Dude always looked like a creeper to me.
Monster!
Most recently Kyrie Irving. What a delusional fool.
They're just people.
when they say "men" and "girls" in the same sentence when talking about fully grown women. a girl is a child. would this sound right to you? "boys of reddit, what are everyday things that women do that turn you off?"
Mayo and Banana Sandwich. My only regret is that I didn't discover these earlier in life.
Top to bottom.  I love my beard, but it's a pain in the fuck ass.  You have to have shampoo and conditioner for your head and a different shampoo and conditioner for your beard.  So I take care of that and then as the conditioner sets I soap up everything and loofa and then rinse top to bottom, then I maybe use a stone on my feet for a bit.  Then I just hold my junk and stand there for a few minutes in the nice warm water.
Those filthy soap makers.
God damn it Jesse you're ruining the plan
Heaven sounds like slavery to kiss ass forever.  I already have to do that at work.  The Summerland is just a big field, so are a lot of others. Valhalla is a big party, so I'll take that.
Bong and a pancake
My friend asked me this, and I want your thoughts about it
Wow literally just posted about holding a grudge for almost a decade haha
The fear of death.
A copy of my latest bestseller 'how to become a billionaire overnight' only $999
A Kraby Patty
The Lord of the Rings (including the appendices).
Those comics and toys were the coolest thing in the world to my 12ish brain. Alpha Team, too.
i love humidity.  i am anorexic. i have 2 dogs.
"I effed your mum and now u call me daddy beeeeeetch ok gtg foods ready will u b here tmrw?"
A rain storm
Time and wisdom tells me life chooses for you...
I’ve had my belly pierced for 10 years, so it feels so foreign to see my bare stomach like getting braces off your teeth. My partners never liked it, but I kept it anyways. Thanks for your input ~
Lobster was considered poor food way back in the day. Now it's crazy expensive.
Fair, but I’m talking like bottled shit
I mean, if we can do games like that why would you just go 1:1? Go 4:1 or bigger, everyone can make their own kingdoms, explore still uncharted territories, it allows way more possibilities.
Call of duty, where the best online friends are made.
To be fair, snowflake is a useful term when describing right-wing reactionaries like Tucker Carlson.
Ghost Recon Wildlands
That leftover chicken melt from 2 days ago that I scarfed down at 11am.
I wanna dominate my bf but he would never let me
Waffle House
Driving on the Autobahn with 300kmh and being at your destination in 2h when it is 500km away 😅
That's a mood and one that is totally understandable.
Half a gpu
It was originally a Judo/Karate training room. Later turned into detention office with school supplies stored in the little L shape.
I mean, I'm not complaining.
With nuts in his mouth. Just like he said he would.
Christine  I love old cars.
Stop Masturbation
The OpenXcom version of Xcom: UFO Defense (1994) is an A-tier must-play game if you like strategic turn-based combat.
the 13 flair on r/teenagers
They comment 'cum' or 'ur mom' on every post.
Ah you mean: people who haven't developed their brains beyond solely reacting to their base animalistic senses.  Aka: dumb.
Check check check
I meant for my comment to be on the main thread, not as a reply to your comment. Sorry!
Boots. I like my feets.
Friends
Watching my AMC stock shares moon!!! Buy and hold AMC!!! Thank me later
Some people are creepy like that. They demand an outrageous amount of attention. Entitled twat.
Pee doesn't come out of the vagina, my dude
Well, It's my dream where I'm a skilled medieval Halberd fighter in full plate armor...
Online....
It's absolutely a cult, that uses various methods of control to basically brainwash It's members to stay, or if that fails they threaten the member and their family.
Taco bell, or jack in the box tacos.
r/3amjokes
Which is exactly the point. People criticize him for the profit distribution (among others) yet continue to contribute to that profit.   I’m not saying people aren’t allowed to enjoy Amazon products. They make a lot of great things and are in a lot of different fields.   All I’m saying is people can’t sit there going “man I hate that PoS and how he’s profiting of all these bad deeds. Let’s give the company that allows him to succeed and rewards him for his nefariousness more money” and simultaneously expect anything to change.
I understand muffler mods, but the intercom speaker playing music from under the hood? What's up with that shit? Bad enough some shitty mumble rap is coming trough it , but the sound quality is terrible.
school revision methods
Midnight Cowboy. I felt like it presented the sixties counterculture in a way that was inaccessible to anybody who hadn't lived through that era.
Cold Water  Or Getting the shit scared out of you by some pretty loud Raccoons
A bad batch style echo arm that has a USB port on the end that I can use to communicate with computers.
SpongeBob. You know why
Coward!
I make Pee Coffee Bear Grylls style.
Republicans.
Really?
Are we counting manga? If so Promised Neverland season 2.  World War Z if not.
HEY I didn’t say they were equal. Zac Efron is hotter then Dave Franco, but I also like Dave. I would like to issue a complaint about your discriminatory words against me and Dave
Waffle House
A glass of water
I see what you're saying, I just haven't really encountered that I guess. I only ever see misophonia brought up, when it is about not being able to stand any eating noises, even just general chips crunching, not smacking with an open mouth.
A big cup of water.
Rather than spending my entire life thinking of the fact that I'll die one day I try to do good things for people while I'm alive and focus on that.
You have beautiful veins
Agreed
To borrow money. It hurts (most decent people’s) pride at the very least as well as it hurts even the person being asked in the scenario. There is a reason 5hey say don’t lend what you aren’t willing to lose. It’s hard to say no to people, especially close friends and family, but can cause many issues when it comes to getting paid back.
Depression
I now have a third nipple but I can get free Netflix with my chip.
Industrial, British pop/alternative, post-punk, rap/hip hop, that kind of resurgence of folk music that we called “coffee house music,” women rockers like Babes in Toyland and L7, the whole Lilith Fair type of music, and on and on.  And every concert I went to in the 90s had at least one Beatles cover, beginning with the time I saw Enuf Znuf and they played Back in the USSR.
Im not even close to a car enthusiast, but The Midnight is THE band for night-driving. The aesthetic is perfect.
I hate it when teachers do that. It was a mistake they didn’t mean to leave it on. Also, how is it your fault if someone else isn’t texting you?
I have never been pregnant, but spironolactone is an anti-androgen; it suppresses the action of testosterone in the body and lowers the amount, so there's not really a corresponding agent related to pregnancy. However, I do know from the pickle references I've seen in pop culture that it's usually to represent food cravings that seem strange; pregnant women do get cravings for things their body needs, and they're going through a lot of physiological change. If salt is the thing they need, pickles are probably going to sound pretty good.
Came here to mention him. What an absolute POS. And I am so sad because I was looking forward to watching Rebecca (huge Lily James fan) and now I refuse.  Oh yeah, like people are going to forget about his cannibal fetish by next year. Lol
Sup
I guess I meant more of a “you aren’t supposed to do paradox inducing things” as opposed to self-correcting, but I like your plans
Also in non model cars
>3.9 gpa you are just a  too long
Krabby Patty
That one.  The female choice is Farrah Fawcett.
Nothing huge, Just an allergic reaction. Broke out all over their body, Benadryl cleared it up
Like a virgin
“I ate your sandwich.” *dies*
“Good for you”
Michael Jordan - “Republicans buy shoes too”
No one.  Excepting the usual sore arm for a day or so, nobody in my social circles has had any unfortunate effects from the COVID vaccine.
Oh gollygee I'm gonna arriiiiiiiive
Fair enough
A dog seizure.
yes
Fair. I don’t understand the reality they live in either
Greed would not exist.
Not peas or sweetcorn!
Pull the couch and coffetable out of the way and find my mouthguard.
It would overtake the Bible in sales
Jon Jones. He doesn't hit different, but the target changes
Sleep
Justine Go Genesis by Sleigh Bells.
Daddy kink. So gross, do not want to be called daddy. Not even sure why it’s sexual, I’m not your father, and If I was…. This is all wrong
Except in the Alex Jones example those frogs were actually turning gay…
/r/3amjokes
I would have found it pretty intriguing.  But I tend to be intrigued by the people who stand out a bit more than those who conform to more mainstream fashions.
A freaking couch. I only have an armchair.
Project IGI.
My both parents had a fever.
Shhhhh
You, apparently...
their hair style and humour
🤣🤣🤣😜😈😎
Super mario world
Matchbox 20
“I love your hairs. It comes off so easily”   I was getting a Brazilian wax
"Imma let you finish, buuut youre gonna have to do it yourself" *nuts*
Vodka
According to some of the people on this site, exist
One of the most awkward moment of my life was when my friend was telling me about a guy who was too rough on the clit. Suddenly she's like, "This is how you should do it" and started rubbing more arming with two fingers **real** gentle.    I hate to let the scarring experience go to waste but since I can't reach through the screen and rub your arm just start super soft and adjust according to feedback. When she did it, her fingers were barely touching. But of course, every woman will have her own preference.
They are going to release all our internet browser history..
Wrong pronunciation: expresso
Yes! After her couple condescending comments to my girl Dakota Johnson
Amber Heard  I cant watch a movie with her anymore
this is a kamikaze answer
Abusive husbands
It’s gotten better now that I’ve married a Jew. Now I have a reason to say “I don’t go to church anymore.” But technically, our family ‘believes’ in God. So we still check that box. We even got a former priest to officiate our wedding just to help make them more comfortable with it.
True
Well.... Guess I'll have to snatch your motherfucker birthday.
Probably both hahahaha
Eastern Europeans really love their bread
Super Mario 64
I'd say those people need to move over to ARAD, but the ones that _did_ move over to ARAD are kind of making that subreddit start to suck.
Really like your user name.
Therapy
A whole bag of dicks
People that say ‘don’t worry about what other people think, be yourself’ but make judgments about people based on behavior they don’t understand. If you don’t understand something, ask about it. Learn about it. Talk about it to gain an understanding. I wish more value was placed on learning/understanding people’s intentions vs what you see on the surface. And don’t say things unless you really mean them.
Good weed and good coffee. Wake and bake on the weekends.
An iPhone. Logistically apple is a great company for consumer comfort, however, the specs of an iPhone and the build quality is horrible. Also building costs definitely don’t cost as much as people are willing to pay.
I read this as redditors without homies
I think also guys whose only achievement was being popular in school and getting laid might care about virginity as well, as a way to feel superior to others.  I remember a bunch of guys harassing me on a bus a few years back and bragging about how they've all done *it*. A incredibly awkward and pathetic situation all around. Now I don't often feel too good about myself, but the realization that a group of people can be so excited with themselves they need to put down a stranger because they scored a embarassing *first time* with a local girl behind a barn and they consider it a big enough achievement that everyone else must be a virgin - that realization was a feeling of pure bliss for me.  It's worth reminding yourself that whether you've experienced sex, traveled abroad, finished college, got a career, started a family etc. is completely inconsequential to how you feel about yourself, unless you yourself put it up as the golden standard for a good life and judge yourself and others based on it.
Sleeping
I genuinely thought this was a shit post at first because of the way it's worded
So how's your experience with your kitten because for me this is my first kitten and I didn't know what kittens do I just pet just like my dog who was little pupper back then.
Do you mean temporary ringing?  Or permanent tinnitus?
Mocking other countries' military defeats while being oblivious of those occurred to the US.
Because it requires very little effort to do the bare minimum?
Temporary.
what’s your preferred outcome?
Dildos
“I think you will be a good father later” i was told by THREE different girls. Next time a girl tells me that, i swear i will ask her to be the mother.
>slow render sex  Gotta keep it hot for hours to properly render.
WHY DID I HAVE TO GO THROUGH LIKE 15 COMMENTS TO FIND THIS.  It should be at the top. I refuse to accept people not knowing this reference.
House
It’s slang for “that looks epic” and it’s also a temperature. So you really can’t get rid of a temperature word.
A camera, laptop, and a photo printer. Make the memories last :)
how do we know this
light
Yeah this was a real let down. She's a great actress and I really liked her.
Ohhh we got one
I don't know how much bisexual women get hit with this but I remember is a bisexual man other men expecting I wanted to f*** everything.  I once got invited to be the entertainment for a party because it was assumed that I would just want to have casual sex with anyone I met.  When I refused the invitation I got hit with the line " well bisexual means I can just pay for it right"
4,000+ hours on Skyrim
Weak troll is weak. Later dumbass.
need the backstory on this
You are forced to use worn out tools or equipment. You are no longer payed overtime. Days off are not possible for now. You have to work on more projects simultaneously because some people quit, a lot of people leave; high fluctuation. Your boss ask you to go to the doctor and get an health certificate (in Europe the insurance pays you for your sick days). Your boss ask you to go back to work even if you are on holiday or sick days. Most relevant point for me, the responsible person is not available anymore.
>the part of the brain that detects and identifies feet  Yup. Those are feet. Definitely feet.
Oscar Wilde Quote "Everything in life is about sex, except sex. Sex is about power"
Anyone in any position of power should have to take a modern world competency exam
Typing “LOL!” instead of “lol”
Presumably, a 13 year old.
No I actually hate coffee.
How is "this is a lie" a truth, if thats a truth then that is a lie therefore not a truth......... Wait what?
Wall-e on psp
"I think we should do {X}"  "But if we do that, then {possible or likely negative outcome of doing X}"  "I don't know why you're so upset by this, I just want {unrealistically good outcome of doing X} because I'm not a total sociopathic moron who wants {wildly exaggerated possible negative outcomes of not doing X} like YOU!!! {generic, non situational insulting name}.  "Calm down, I want {positive outcomes attributed to doing X} as well, but I don't think this is the way to go about achieving our shared goals. No need to be hostile."  "You are the one being hostile! You get all worked up and ATTACK me for trying to help people and not be a bootlicker like you, {obvious personal attack that violates the sub or sites rules that will not be removed if you bother reporting it}"  "I was being hostile? I didn't call you any names or question your motives, all I did was disagree with you. And I was polite about it."  "{non sequester insult that also claims you said things you didn't say and then argues why the thing you didn't say is wrong}"
People never agree on anything, people refers to the entire population and there's always going to be different opinions about stuff. The media dictates what opinion is "right" and "wrong". There's nothing that the media won't talk about, because they'll talk about everything in order to dictate said right and wrong.
Who's steve jobs
You ever have a nice chug of water in the middle of the night and find god??
Berries and cream
Freebirds in Isla Vista
Oh for sure. Every ounce of my being would tell me not to but in the event that shit’s tied to some massive crime chain? I’d be glad I noped the fuck outta there
rick and morty
Norway?
We all just want to be accepted for who we are and our cultural background, our gender, our sexuality, and the things we like.  But, for whatever reason, it's always so combative when people discuss different backgrounds.  It bothers me how much hate is out there just because someone loves another person of a varied gender.
Twisted metal
Who’s trying to defend anything? If you don’t like it, you don’t like it, idc one way or another lol
Oy, you little shit.
Dude, it's still super picky. There are so many vegetables out there and you've crossed them all off your menu.
Love warming up my coffee atop some napalm.
Hitachis and CumBlaster 3000s to survive any future lockdowns 🙏
Gotten pregnant/squeezed out kids.
Not unless your Canadian or you live somewhere further North. XD
Drake used to be a Canadian pride and joy but now he’s just a creepy groomer
Nachos with jalapeno slices.
A loved one. Then go for a poo.
Almonds smell the worst for me
Neither. 70 years maximum is enough for me on this planet
He showed her!
Turn Your Love Around by George Benson  Probably what was playing in the background of the nightmare I was having when I woke up...
Premier Manager
Jamaica. The sections of the island for tourism are lovely but the rest of the country is basically 3rd world.
Weed
Any film where the plot is "New White teacher in tough inner city school breaks down racial barriers" its so overdone and yet they keep making the same movie over and over again.
$1000 gift card. Do you
The sims 2
I'll take 257 years. Ultimately, i think death is what gives life it's value.
How devious!
How does everyone understand when someone doesn't use commas? I thought it was a mixed race person who was racist
Techno
Not to mention those weird, culty getaways for fans of his
Duck Hunt
The G spot does exist and it’s worth figuring out where it is and how to stimulate it
I’d be happy with Jeff Bezos paying an appropriate global corporate tax rate and funding global infrastructure.
Well if you think about it, peter griffin had a fistfight with trump, and homer had a fistfight with peter. I think he's strong enough to rule.
I would have added to the Bible "take care of the Earth as you do your body" and get rid of the nonsense about humans being "Gods perfect image" since humans are mad flawed and destructive
There's even a bot that tracks down comment-stealing bots and lists their offenses as replies to each of their stolen comments.
They didn’t give a shit.
This.
Resign.
When you go from super tired to loopy ass crazy energy
Most definitely later so that the owner of the foreskin (your son) is old enough to make the decision himself about HIS body. Don’t take that choice away from him, circumcision is not reversible.
Feet. Gagging. Humiliation. Facials. "Daddy."
I'd be sad because a bunch of my loved ones would be gone. I would not be happy about anything because Thanos's plan was stupid.
> Neighbours didn't apologise.  For having a drunk guest?
What’s interesting is that a handful of celebrities are famous because of what family they were born into, not any particularly discerning talent.
Reddit despises law enforcement but suddenly the Capitol Police are heroes becuase they fought Orange Man Fans. Its nothing new. We yell like chimps at men in colored helmets who throw balls around year after year for cryin out loud.
Gaslight them. No wait, fire. No both. Am I joking, you'll never know...
a pocket pussy then i’d sit back and watch that dude lose his virginity (died a virgin)
Showers
you fall asleep groping each other and then slowly start waking up a while later getting the other person hot... its my favorite time to have sex
Yep, its generally with games or movies and stuff that all the big companies realised that if they make "established franchise part x" they can be pretty sure enough people will play it or watch it and make a profit, whereas if they would try something new it might be a failure or at least not have the garuantee of succes. But thats why a lot of small studio and indie games are gaining populairity
We don’t dial 911
Doom
Sonic the Hedgehog
fuuuck 13 year olds were born in 2008 :')
The part afterwards where you cuddle
I'm at work instead of on a sailboat in the Caribbean.
“Mom why does ancestry dna say I have three half siblings and a father who’s not dad?
$1000 Amazon gift card
Same, thank goodness for indie games.
Bred
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A call from your ex
I’m so sorry to hear that, there are no words I can say that will make this better but I want you to know that if you ever need to talk just to get things off your mind, I’m here.
Where are you in the world? I don't think it's legal in The US.
Idk about "cheap" but getting a pilot's license and flying as a hobby used to be pretty feasible. My grandpa was able to afford it until the 80s or so. Now it's absurdly expensive and doesn't show any signs of getting better.
Only time and wisdom will become the key to open the door to your answer.
Not paying taxes is pretty cool though
I just keep waking up... Like oh not yet then
Listening to the rain
I don't think so.
I never understood the hate that 'Teen Titans Go!' recieves.   I was a kid when OG Teen Titans came out and it was one of the best shows of my childhood so I understand why people were so disappointed when it was discontinued. But TTG! was a completely different and far more cartoonish show. It may share it's voice actors with 'Teen Titans' but 'Teen Titans: Go!' is it's own entirely unrelated show.  I watch it as an adult for the same reason I watch Spongebob; it's ridiculous and hilarious and I love the characters.  Edit: added some missing spaces between words.
We are now selling O-ring-less rice cooker. It costs twice as much, but you'll never have to replace any O-rings. ^(you'll have to replace the wiring, which burns up a week after the warranty ends. Offer cannot be combined with other promotions. A postal fee of $100 will be added to any orders shipped outside of Latvia.)
\- Shampoo   \- Rinse   \- Conditioner   \- Body wash/soap - in this vague order: hands, arms, pits, crotch/crack, feet, legs, tummy chest, shoulders/back    \- Face scrub (as needed)   \- Rinse
TL
Sex
its not fucking today!
fallout 4
Dress up as krampas
Pistachio
I deal with it by enjoying today, at least the part where I'm not at work
Isaacs insects by Isaac Dunbar
I know this is pretty sad but I actually [saved](https://youtu.be/iik25wqIuFo) the best time, it was one of wonder and well earned some respect big up [u/penutbutterjellyfine8](https://youtu.be/iik25wqIuFo)
So a friend of mine's a psychologist. One day she got a call from the divorce lawyer renting the office next door. He asked her to come over and talk to his client whose wife was apparently going crazy.  She comes on over to see none other than Mickey Mouse in the office. The lawyer says "My friend here is a therapist. Before going straight to divorce, I really think you ought to get Minnie some help if she's going crazy."  Mickey turns to him and says, "I didn't say she was going crazy, I said she was fucking Goofy"  It's an old joke, but your comment made me think of it.
I'm not liking the lemons very much
Boo boo kitty fuck
Desperation, insecurity, and a severe lack of self respect.
Shitty dog owners that let their mutts piss on everything without cleaning it up
my driving record is trash, so i'm pretty much limited to jobs that have a consistent location vs things that have you traveling from job site to job site.  Anything in my area that has a company vehicle, requires you to travel on the job, etc. won't even consider you without a clean driving record
Well fuck... then my solution changes.   If you see him again, rightly give him a punch to the face and walk off lmaoo. Revenge and it'll make you feel better.
Right wing? I’ve watched some of his recent YouTube videos and I’d say he’s more on the left..
Henry Westons Vintage Cider.
A Metformin prescription.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "Why do people _______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. You can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended, or find a new sub at r/findareddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Agreed, NYC in my experience was a total dump and depressed the hell out of me. It’s not the worst place I’ve been by any means but for the COL it doesn’t seem worth it to me. People were shitty too. I don’t get the allure at all but millions live there so there’s something to it.
Why did I have to die on a Friday?
Drugs
I have a WhatsApp group with 3 close friends and when I ask them how they are or anything else I mostly only get a response of one of them... I HATE THAT
Bill Cosby. The worst part was the deception. #ripnorm
Pac-Man
Lol this is how old people who try to act like teens type.
Really depends on the animal, there's an example above of Ants. Goooood fucking luck killing ALL THE ANTS.
"Today I celebrate my birthday for the 13th time!"
Every silly sex question on /AskReddit.
Metal Gear Solid
These sound awfully specific lol
What's a woman, woman doesn't exist
Good point... So the only solution is trial and error? Get hurt until you find someone right?
It is your birthday.
Probably a killer coffee machine. Once upon a time I managed a coffee shop and I fell in love with espresso and all the different types of drinks I could make. The really nice machines are always so expensive so I'm sure I'll never own one but man it would be nice.  Or maybe a $1,000 amazon gift card. That way everything could get a few things and they would be able to decide what they need and/or want. I sure know $1,000 would be incredible right now.
Frank Ocean’s Nights beat switch
Animal!
My work van got creamed in front of the house. Then a sheriff driving home rang the doorbell to tell us. When you see that your instinct is someone is dead, seriously injured or in jail. It's a bad walk to the door
English
John Cena is one of the most charitable and wholesome celebrity I’ve known. What is it about him and China?
Pong
The dark.
they use reddit while sleeping
Well then I hope she gets polio
Recognize death is what gives life it's value
to take it a step further they will write things with emphasis and lists that go on and on with the items separated by and and what about quotes you may ask well no they don't use those either it just keeps going I'm just here like damn where does one sentence end and the other begin where am I supposed to pause when I read it is it really that difficult no it isn't then why it's just a stream of consciousness like someone made a machine to type out someone's steam of thought but didn't bother to program it to actually break it up into sentences so it just keeps going and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming ^and ^^they ^^^don't ^^^^stop ^^^^^coming ^^^^^^holy ^^^^^^^fuck
Same.  I can't drink wine without cheese available and I can't eat cheese without wine.  After two glasses I start to feel gross and wine hangovers are awful.
You really expect female self-reflection?
My plans and aspirations for how I’m going to attack the day when I wake up (only to ignore every single last one of them in a tired and groggy state).
I always read this in these comments threads and just don’t get it. I never drink water at night. Are y’all just not drinking water during the day so you’re actually dehydrated?
first one from the devils tango felt like a lightning bolt just stuck me and i felt so alive
Seems more regressive to me.   A lot of these progessive things seem backwards thinking.
Late-night whack off
One that had good insurance.
well, good luck on not trying to get cut
Super Mario Bros.
Sex, coffee and bacon.
*Don't kink-shame me*
For real.  Since I was a young kid I would wake up in the middle of the night and rummage around looking for something to eat, and I finally settled on cereal.  I had a bowl of cereal every night around 1-2am for like 20-25 years.  Eventually I just stopped waking up in the middle of the night and I kinda missed it.
Ah yes, simple. But who the hell am I, how am I like?
White Castle
I'm a guy who can't stand having long nails. I just grew up with them short and now I can't stand when they are long.   I see other dudes with long nails and my mouth litterally whispers "cut your fucking nails" but I add no voice to it because the type of dude who doesn't cut their shit are also the type to swing over nothing. Like, win or lose, I'm not sitting in the back of a cop car today just to say what your dad should have fucking said. So I guess I won't tell you and you can go spend your life being fucking gross.
Set small goals, accomplish them. = + Pride in yourself
Aye why did you remove it this was a good question
A day off with my awesome kid.  He's the bees knees.
what's wrong with pubic dreads?
Yeah…
Juice WRLD
Freddos
That men are just as insecure as women and had I been bolder about approaching and flirting with men when I was younger I may have had more luck with them because they were probably just as shy as I was about putting themselves out there.
Me and a couple of friends we're sleeping over at one of my friends Nathans house because it was his birthday the next day. We were all watching the movie Deadpool. Towards the end of the movie everyone but me and one other dude were asleep. He said he was hungry so we went to the kitchen to grab a snack. When we got to the kitchen we heard a noise coming from up stairs so we go look. As we walk up the stairs we see Nathans sisters door slightly open. As we push it open we see his sister and her friend standing half naked making a tik tok. They hear us and look right as we run off. We quickly went down stairs and pretend we were asleep. We assumed that they didn't see our faces. The next day we tried to talk to them as little as possible hopeing that they don't notice us. Later that day about 8:00 Nathan and his parents went out to see his grandma. So they put his older sister in charge. She didn't really care about what we did as long as nothing broke around 11:00 Nathan and his parents got home and we all went to bed. Then I get woken up by someone shaking me. I rub my eyes and see his sister. She tells me to come with her. We go up to her room and her friend is there holding what looked like a condom. His sister pushes me on the bed and takes my pants off her friend give me the condom and I put it on then we did it. They told me to go back down stairs quietly and go to bed. The next day I go home and she adds me on Instagram. So I ask her if she new it was me and my friend who saw her and her friend half naked she said she only seen me. I no longer talk the those friends.
A used dildo
3:00 am videos or phasmophobia
I think I could be into anyone if I constantly got updated about the ins and outs of their lives.
Four Loko
It's something I always wanted to do when I was a kid, and I didn't have any interest at the time in pursuing college. So one day I was out and about and I happened to notice that I was right beside a recruiting station, so I walked in.
The thing is, actual grown ups end up responding.
Resign. I have no business leading a country.
I’m a virginal 44 year old man who hasn’t had a kiss yet.
This is us, why do I want to watch TV to be sad?
Posts on r/tifu: "I was trying to SEXY SEX my SEX, but accidentally SEXED my SEX. SEX?!"
Pokémon Sapphire
As a guy, TIL. My penis is a piss rifle
Mustard  Onions  Coffee  Naps
Best answer.
Omg I was a researcher and I specialised in genetics which my supervisor did not but he liked to think he understood it and oh man.... like the examples would bore you but basically I'd try to explain why X could not be done or wouldn't work and they'd offer to send me on a course to learn how.  No man... like.... ....... plz......
Or just keep what we have...
In February in Maine so it was negative 13 degrees outside. Back of a Ford Fiesta. He killed the engine so no one would hear us parked. So it was freezing. He wore fingerless leather gloves the entire time. I didn't realize but I had a latex allergy and my vagina swelled up and it killed any lubrication I would have been able to create. I wasn't into it. I wanted to be but I wasn't.  It was lackluster, not special, and the guy was like 7 years older than I was. I just pray my daughter's have much more romantic experiences than I did with guys they actually give a shit about.
good god, that one is so true
No other cars on the streat
Can I get the free thing you gave the other guy the other day?
I always left a note out saying “ please take one ( or two ;) ) “ and kids tended to take no more than two, I think they felt like they were still getting away with something by taking two!
I can hear that.
Not affiliated
Let them get real jobs. They don't want to work is the issue. So lazy, they've never had to fend for themselves. Give them minimum wage and watch the world become a better place
Yeah that's my recollection as well.  Sometimes a guy would come by and take you to a building or something but mostly stuck in holes.  I could get out easy enough, its the not falling right back in part that eluded me.
Pee then make coffee.
Blue
Jesus no kidding.  There is no way in hell I've ever seen an infosec applicant come out of college with anything resembling specialist skills.  Ideally college develops foundational skills so you can functionally on the job train. For some fields it also develops necessary safety or particularly difficult skills to develop outside a controlled environment.  This is why college is so broad, the goal is develop any foundational skills you might need, and some elective foundational skills that are likely to assist you in a competitive work environment (like foreign language).
Congrats on the kitten! I’ve had cats since the fish- the fish just happened to be the first pets I ever remember having. I have a cat right now who I’ve had since he was a kitten.
Big fax especially if it’s cold
Haven't watched it all but i have seen people post a part of it on social media sites. And as far as i can tell. He's about that money. Like my dude has lost whatever made him special to begin with. And he's just gone. Wouldn't be surprised if he and kanye went on tour together now.
I can't believe no one is answering masturbating
Boy, I hate these people
I just think you're a flower.
With my gf….asking for smexy times. Moves need to me made first
The toilet!! The lid isn't there for decoration, it's meant to be closed when you flush so you don't send aerosolized poop/pee particles all over your bathroom.
I don't listen to either of these bands but I feel like Exodus or Testament are the next in line. Really it's a hard call because there weren't really a lot of big thrash bands in the grand scheme of things.  Though these days I guess there would be an argument for Lamb of God if you want to talk modern bands.
Find a hobby
Lambo so I can sue the shit out of the guy
It sounds like your child missed out on a great parental role model, and is learning from the mom.  I’m sorry you went through this.  I wish you happiness and peace.
NONONONONONO
Bricks.
So what’s your point?
I also think Margot Robbie should get to kick his face in a couple times. She deserves it after the ungodly shit he did during suicide squad. Other cast members are invited as well
:o
Nah. Landshark.
My husband does this all the time. I'm like, dude you just had lunch with them last week.
Diarrhea
Hope someone does this for you soon!
I sure hope so, I’ve been planning to have one fitted into my super top secret private cave
$1000 amazon gift card
I don't buy into the online game playing services.  All I have is solo play and it's slim pickings
Depends on whether you have rational definitions of racism and sexism.  If so, no. I do believe a lot of folks who identify as xonservative also happen to be racist and/or sexist, however, the same is true for people who identify as liberal or progressive if you use objective and unbiased definitions of racism and sexism.    It modern society, especially American society, these terms are manipulated to be used as political tools, not as objective or productive social critiques. They are fairly effective tools because American society tends to have a subjective and reactionary reactionary retributive approach to social justice, rather than an objective roactive restorative approach. Mainly because the former is much easier to impose than the latter, and requires a lot less self criticism.
Mine was Tempest (stand up arcade version).
Flipside for me. Lately if I wake up a few hours before my alarm, I find myself not being able to fall back asleep. 😕
Drinking water.
"You have a beautiful mouth"
A smoke detector going off
See me crying openly in the living room about a family member who passed away then quickly going into another room to “give me space” instead of comforting me like I did anytime he’d complain about anything.   We didn’t last long after that.
Britain?   Edit: I mean England.
I wanna get 360 quick scoped by a Russian sniper.
Car? Id chose a tank. Short pain.
Maybe Western Europe and North America specifically then. Effectively nobody really gives a toss about religion in Eastern Europe.
The older you get, the more you welcome it. Think of it as a friend you will meet
Did you see the thing where everyone throws their bag at the kid? One dude even throws himself
You can try on r/nostupidquestions or r/askwomen for a more serious discussion, here is more for quick answer questions with a lot of joke answers.
Open my eyes
Did this really happen?? There are a lot of things in between cursing and fish balloon pipers lol
Awe such kind words thank you my dear! ☺️
Illumi
 waking up at 4.. respect
aw so sweet
How many guys out there got compliments on their eyelashes.... I do.
An aircraft carrier
I don't like THEM either
Remote controlled toy car
John Cena and Arnold Schwarzenegger
So you have baby shower BEFORE the baby is even born?
Hey, that's also a support group    Those few friends will understand or try to understand
That's cool. Being respectful of another's religion is always a class act, even if the religion is something most people find ridiculous.
bipolar. no, you are not bipolar for being sad sometimes when it’s situation appropriate or getting tired. pls stop misusing it and putting stigma on an already stigmatized disorder
Yall are getting tea kettles for no real reason
I think the idea is to communicate that before it gets to the point where you end things
Just outside in general
krabby patty
You go, I stay.
He would join r/smashbros
Why is this downvoted?
You mean like a ghost and still on earth? First thing I would do would be checking if others can perceive me. If not, I would probably look around at places I've never been at, especially places I've never been allowed to enter.
Women aren’t items.
Yea id say they’re attractive I didn’t really answer your question but yea guys like them made me think my b
How?
Google it, idk.
A 🌮
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Cali weed
Monsters, the lot of you…
Ackerman.
I'm a night showerer and feel fine in the morning. How can you get in a nice comfortable bed at night and be comfy sleeping when you're covered in sweat and dirt from the day?
Any of them who's left wing
I just finished the citizens police academy for my town.  One of the big things they stressed is to call.  The officer might be annoyed in the moment, but that's ok.  Most officers would much rather come out for nothing than not get the call and have to do a homicide investigation.    You also never know what else is happening around you-there may have been other complaints, and there might be something going on and your call might be the clue that gets someone off the streets.  Odds are after they leave your place, they are knocking on someone else's door, and knowing where they have been can help them track where they might be going.  And if they do have nefarious intent and leave before the police get there, trust me they are watching to see who calls and who doesn't, and will avoid the area next time if they know you aren't afraid to do something.
Howls Moving Castle  Or the LOTR trilogy
Men don’t care about boob size as much as I thought they did
Careful, buddy. Telling the truth can be dangerous business.
I worked night shift at a casino.      Around 3am, the vibe changes.  Where I live, you can't serve alcohol between 2am and 11am. So by 3am, everyone has finished their drinks.  Some people are still coming in after 2, having finished drinking at a bar and are looking to continue their fun into the night.  By 3, those people are starting to leave.    The only ones left are the ones who have a problem. Some are regulars who are there all night every night.   Others came early in the night for fun, and won big early on, but didn't know when to quit. Their friends have already left, and it's just them, alone, trying to win back their money so they don't have to explain to their wife that they just gambled away their savings, but they're only digging themselves into a deeper hole.      I know the odds haven't changed, but after 3am it really seems that people don't win as much.  It seems that this is when the house starts clawing back its winnings.       TL:DR; If you're still gambling at 3am, stop. Go home.
$999.99 gift cards for everyone!
that sounds... like a plan?
Yeah but the fight against world hunger must be sustainable and involve local farmers, not succeed through shipping crates
If you like it great, I'm happy for you. But personally I just can't say I do, even with crop tops I really prefer a normal belly button without anything on it.
don’t do it in my car or house but other than that i don’t care
The markets. I was a producer at CNBC and made a lot of good connections.   Social connections, as well.
Most of it is just droplets splashing from impact. No matter how well you aim.
Thanks buddy
When he stopped talking to me & it was all one word answers :(
This is the right answer, but it would pain me to do it.
They have nothing they don't already own, so it would add nothing to their collection
Eh, I don't think the president really has the power to change anything. I'd make more money than I do now, so I could roll with that for four years while pretending to be important and reading teleprompters.
that god damn bottle of water cracking next to my bed
Hot wheels.
My puppy’s breath while yawning, right after waking up in the morning. He’s super clean and has no bad breath.
Out of curiosity, what do you mean by washing the mouth? Is that different from brushing your teeth?
A baseball bat
I have absolutely no idea why but getting a burger, fries and a soft drink (maybe also an ice cream) hits really different. Especially if you chill and eat it by the beach.
Bro what r u talkin abt? 13 yr olds w way smarter then that I legit have like a 3.9 gpa ur just a boomer like have u ever interacted wit a smart teen? I spear sm of us r a lot more inteligent then u think…
Wales, unless the English turn up then they speak Welsh
Also r can be used instead of r and yr instead of year.
I used to make donuts for work from 2-8AM and can relate to this all too well. Some of my best ideas have come from 3 AM thoughts, but it also makes dealing with depression increasingly harder, as that was always one of my lowest hours.
ONE!
Lmao. I do hope so. :3
That most people are dumb as hell and that i don't care about being social as much as i thought i did, and i want to write a graphic novel.
Are you tired if replacing O-rings for your fancy slow cooker? Try this DIY life-hack on TikTok!  Start with a pair of old socks, then cut them into strips. Wrap them around your fancy slow cooker pot and voila! A perfect seal. (Eats chili) Yummmmm
The Notebook  It just didn't hit me and felt bland.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Unity
Is this a Fleabag reference???
Shit, I feel called out. I use it to vent sometimes. I'd say instead of a therapist I use it as a replacement for journaling or screaming into the void. When I was journaling it wasn't helping as much since I would reread it and get more stressed. It helps because I occasionally get feedback and I get things off of my chest that keep me awake at night. Therapists are expensive, too.
Testament
Everyone pays…that would filter out BS
letting my dog out to pee and looking up at the starry sky, feeling the cool air and hearing nothing. If i'm up this late, i have a nothing going on the following day, so i feel less restricted by time like i usually do.
And you know what? I agree with you. I was going to type in my last comment, I like to believe that the all loving and all forgiving God I believe in would absolutely forgive even the most horrible of us who seek it.  Thanks for the convo.
You don’t. Good luck!
I really don't care about how she acts in bed she's perfect to me
Krabby Patty
One time, when someone said they wanted a coke, I brought them a Pepsi. You should have seen their face!  Edit: I’m really tired and didn’t realize that the OP was asking women. I’m not a woman. I apologize.
Saturn D
That "last turn" in any Civ game
I hate the owners .  People put their large dogs in tiny apartments. Or put them in small fenced backyard. And force them to live in shitty conditions.  They invest zero training in them. I am  Anti- pets because humans are selfish shitty egocentric bastards. Stop animal abuse, don’t give them to humans.
That girls don’t pee out of their butts.
He may be an ass, but that doesn't mean he didn't write a good book on evolution for the average person. It's a condensed textbook for us who want to learn more about evolutionary biology, but don't want to take course after course in college about it.  ETA-he for sure made a lot of ppl mad with his atheist works, but if you put that aside and focus on the facts of the book, they are laid out well.
Immense*
Some sort of birth control
I love doing this to listen to the rain and the wind, but some how every time I open the window a bit, a wolf spider or grass spider makes its way into my bedroom even though it is sealed and has a screen.
It’s gotten worse since the repeal of BOFA.
Oh my gosh that’s good
Composing classical pieces. It's pretty challenging ever since I kinda haven't gotten back into music theory
Eureka! Eureka!
my height advantage (shoulder rides) and cuddles
too much use of capitalization and punctuation - imposter!
President of what? The book club? A small Eastern European country? A multinational car manufacturing company?
Grilled cheese Bath salts
Easy. A computer.
A fart. During the day it's a toot, but at 3 am it is a reality tearing event
A snow day
tbh i didn’t know what that was and had to google it 😬
Cold glass of water
"Those words make no sense to me"  - Jeff
Our local one loves his wood-tipped black n milds.
\-So Duuuude!  I like totally muffed up the other day gleaming the cube while I was ghostriding my whip in the hood bro.   \-Dude, your think you got mad skilz, but your just a lame ass poseur   \-Harsh bud, bro.  I was totally killing it back in the day though; we used to get radical after 420 every Friday.   \--Epic legend bro. Totally awesome.  \--I know, right....so cool man....so cool.
Your fart
A cold cup of beer
Who tf says that lol?! That doesn’t even make sense unless you’re dr.Seuss
I dunno man, most dogs are deeply loved and are an essential part of their family. I don't think they would rise up against us.
Girls get horny too
I would go to the library of alexandria, check all documents and if I fnd something very, VERY interesting, I would write them down and tell it in the present, the best thing is that there are no paradoxes
I am a retired family and marriage counselor.  Watching her tape him in secret, pushing every button she could while he was drunk, playing like she was scared and afraid of him, made me cringe.  She is evil.
Right there with you bud. Do you want/need to talk about it?
A ice cold water while taking a crap...
(x) doubt
Diarrhea pills
$69
I'm so depressed 😞
She turned me into a newt!
Themselves
He mind will be == blown! do mention some applications otherwise it will be just a ... SHOCK... you see what i did there... lol
Boys will be boys I hate what the saying is used for. Oh your son verbally assaulted or sexually harassed somebody? It’s fine boys will be boys.  Just no
I was pissed at them for taking a risk during the pandemic to come and be with me and not for doing that prank on me, well tbh there was literally no moment there for me to be pissed yk. XD
Imo one only uses these prefered pronouns if they actually respect the person in question. Considering that this threat is about people you have no respect for i think it's reasonable or at least understandable that one would disrespect her chosen identity.  Also using they/them when talking about a person that is known kind of makes it sound like they are multiple people to me, which can be very confusing.   Also i dont mean to sound like i don't approve of different pronouns, it's just this particular choice i really dont like.
Gas is one of those things that, adjusted for inflation, doesn’t go up in price much at all:  https://www.usinflationcalculator.com/gasoline-prices-adjusted-for-inflation/
my programming skills would go through the roof
There's no normal, man.  There's just what works for you.  And yes, I'm not saying boo hoo poor men, but everyone has their challenges.  As a man, agree.
Who does confidence work on?
Shout "IT'S FUCKING RAW!!!"
Phoning fictional characters and making terrible 45 minute YouTube videos about it
I want to offer a virtual hug :( I thought Reddit wasn’t this transphobic for some reason.
Big Bang Theory has seven primetime Emmys.
Because it's a groovy word
$3.99 for the basic Healthy Choice Steamers? Get the fuck outa here...
I concur
A lot of people can't comprehend that. Just because someone is good actor or singer or whatever doesn't make him a better person.  They are humans, their shit stinks, they can beat their wives, they can join crazy religion, they can die of overdosing on shit narcotics.  They can also be neuroscientist.  https://youtu.be/ttZmGU3_n2I
Oh how pretty she is? And how free puppy I wish I had that kind of luck...
They have a vagina eww
"*I'm too young to use reddit*"  \-Someone
toxic positivity and romanticizing mental illnesses
I'd say that, despite my wife and I trying to be good people most of the time, our country is morally and ethically bankrupt. I'm sure you can guess the country.
It has happened after 17 weeks of isolation: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2130424/
Get out of bed and put on some lounge shorts and a t-shirt.
It's 2031.   I'm sitting down getting fucked by a hooker who told me she's the best she ever had.
necessarily
Children? I just finna let you believe that. *BREAD*
Multitasking, i usually watch something while playing games
Idk why he doesnt get it?
Dickbutt
Constantly. I may be insane.
I'm not from an English-speaking country and I find this comment section absolutely hilarious
Sir, this is a *city* bus, with designated bus stops
would you criticise the government, because if  u do in the ccps eyes youre a threat to the national security
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Similar sound as fuck but without the f
Gladiator
Communication.
I love to bake, and it takes serious self control to not eat half a pan of brownies any time I make them. I live alone, so I bring them into work to get rid of them, but that still doesn't keep me from eating a bunch before I bring them in.
im so sorry
Let me think...
Without them you feel the emptyness
Leave the elementary school without zipping up.
omg, that is *amazing.*
Really?
“Ain’t no hill for a stepper” when asked to do something that might be somewhat difficult or inconvenient.
Ben Hurr
Reddit irl
This is still the most popular and prevalent conspiracy theory alive today. Q is just a recycled version of the satanic panic that is part of a larger phenomenon that took shape in the 14th century.
Being nice to my dog.
Poffertjes
oh, im gonna get them legs...
I need to get up and walk my dogs…
Well thank you, fellow Dick, Pussy, or Asshole!
You took 1 quote and tried to paint him as right wing. He was left wing, and 1 quote doesn't change that. You're trying to change history, it isn't working. Have a shit day.
Cereal then the milk is the only correct answer.
You could also argue there are two similar double standards:  If some people are so worried about the life of a fetus (not yet human by most peoples’ accounts), why aren’t the majority of these people also vegan? Why don’t they care about actually fully conscious, emoting beings and their innocent slaughter? I must admit, I’m not vegan myself but have complete respect for them. There’s definitely a double standard here  And also that many of those who are suddenly opposed to these vaccines don’t actually care about their health. They’ll happily take anonymous recreational drugs on the weekend, smoke or vape (carcinogenic studies coming out now), cook with Teflon, handle BPAs, have formaldehyde in their furniture and carpets, and so on. If you’re going to be super cautious about your health, at least commit to it lol. There’s a lot of dodgy stuff out there
Peas
YOUUUU SHALLL NOT PAAASSSSS!
You’re very kind to explain that to me, thank you! Now I can say I finally understand it! 😄
Monster hunter stories 2 and how to find the monsters im missing lol
I don’t put milk in cereal at all.
We literally invented cyberbullying. It seems way more tame nowadays on that front than it was before. There was a huge push from about 2004-2009 about it because it was becoming so common for kids to be cyberbullied so badly that they killed themselves. There were tons of made for TV movies and episodes of shows about it. Kids didn’t seek online fame in the way they do now, and all that energy was put into ruining the lives of someone you didn’t like.
As a 20 year old male I am guilty of this but I love saying stuff that way lol idc
The parties. I feel so awful for it but for context im autistic with sensitivity to sound and they never warn anybody about it. At least once a month a bunch of people go into the house and then its just extremely loud music/laughter until 2am, they even did it during the pandemic when it was illegal.
You are a scary zombie
Wise words from a wise man/women
Blood is thicker than water. The complete sentence is "the blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb". So it literally means the opposite of what people use it for; the relationships you choose are stronger than those you were given.
How much back problems you got now?
When someone flashes you their tits or ass or junk.
Well, what would be your first executive order?
Patrick Stewart is an amazing actor, but an even better person. Honestly, to me, he's king among men. I just light up every time I see him on screen. Considering his age, I worry we won't have him for much longer, and that depresses me.
Wtf
i dont really care about what happens to my body after i die..   i guess regular old burial
Children
I hate when old people ask “can you whack this off for me”   For $20 anything is possible tho
That’s not the question.
Mama by MCR.
But being ace isn't about sex it's about attraction... well a lack of lol
I'm preparing myself to deny my daughter $100 stretchy pants in a few years. She's too young to care about clothes right now and most of her stuff comes from old navy. That will change. I'm happy to spend money for good clothes, footwear etc but I will be DAMNED if I'm paying $100 or more for 59 cents if cheap fabric. I REFUSE!!! 6:37 am here in Boston and I'm getting angry thinking to myself about future clothes arguments, ha!
This site has a dark and seedy underbelly. If you are a teenager, be very careful, this site was once infamous for basically being a haven for paedophiles. It's still full of creeps.   It's like the old internet.
WHY IM SO SORRY
Security of the butterflies?  Security is when you feel like nothing else can get to you as easily, it’s all there before you but you aren’t as terrified, you know someone you love is always there waiting for you, protecting you, watching over you.  Butterflies in the stomach are more like the fleeting feeling of excitement, you feel all giddy like you’re drunk on love, you feel fearless then too but in the sense that you’re too oblivious to read through the lines and pick up on important things.
I can recall watching a documentary on it, although I haven’t for the life of me been able to find it again, where they were interviewing people in the streets and people were going ‘Oh yes I killed nine people,’ ‘I killed six people.’ Absolutely crazy, but you think they can’t possibly imprison all the people who took part, there were just too many.
Mostly because this is *so* fucking misfortune and bad, and went so horribly wrong all of a sudden, that your psyche needs a way out before collapsing.  And if you can't blame your parent, you blame the other party.  She probably even logically knows, to some degree, her partner was not at fault in this. But sometimes the mind cannot handle "this was a stupid accident" and the corresponding emotions.
I want to go home to play warthunder, want to play my new F104S with radar guided missiles
Plenty of gay dudes are hot for short guys, if that makes you feel any better.
When I was sick, but still go to work because I have stuff to finish. (I live with free health care)
Going back to sleep
M&Ms
Growing up, we went to a lot of flea markets. My family always talked about how good they were at "jewing people down" to get a better price. When I explained it to my mom, it took her a few years to get used to saying she haggled with someone instead. She had no idea what the connotation of the phrase was. It was just something she had grown up with.
Mother calls Jewish men "Jew Boys"  Kills me. Young people are "yuppies" I still don't quite understand the term. And the worst is Down Syndrome people are Mongeloids.
Bro sprite hit diff at 3am
To make it short: An algorithm cannot be "red pilled" because it does not think, it is like a digital version of a machine that folds metal sheets into a box. You put something in and it spits out the processed endproduct according to its programm.  Therefore you can only insert something about Israel by changing the programming of the algorithm.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They have 1 good song and its clocks.
yeah, I totally agree with you. When one develops some kind of sophistication, suddenly 50% of the film industry is trashy, within a variation camp from "slightly trash" to "total trash"
Stop being such a racist.
Step 3: Die.
Soup dumplings
My next door neighbour smokes weed. Our balconies are side by side and during summer since I don't have an AC I keep my balcony door open. So as he smokes the smell comes into my room. And every time it happens I think to myself.  Mother fucker wtf is this nasty ass shit you smoking. Go get a better dealer, this is clearly shit weed
Yup. I once asked a customer to put their shopping cart away where it belongs. They screamed and shouted at me and called my management. All management said was, “the customer is always right.”
Me
Good one, son.
keanu reeves
USSR Collapse it's going to be the same as the Roman empire
Art as a money laundering scheme.
I could just about manage six rices but it seems like a waste of energy boiling water just to cook six grains.
You put the milk in first?!?!  SAVAGE!!!
You're 24 stop tripping
Running with a heavy pack for a long time. I’m in the military, war isn’t going to happen anytime soon so that’s why I think it’s useless
Go deep breathing outside in nature
in my head yes out loud not as much
The Max Headroom signal hijacking occurred on the night of November 22, 1987, when the television broadcasts of two stations in Chicago, Illinois, United States, were hijacked in an act of broadcast piracy by a video of an unidentified person wearing a Max Headroom mask and costume, accompanied by distorted audio and with a corrugated metal panel swiveling in the background to mimic Max Headroom's geometric background effect. https://youtu.be/jjeUuakHsLw
He's a keeper if he makes sure the icecream machine works
I went to a sushi buffet and had to wait like 30min after finishing eating before I could manage to walk out. I can eat sushi until I get sick.
It would just give scientists more things to prod at.
Sleep in, coffee, big walk. Making risotto, red wine, bed
Never heard that one…Awesome!
HOTDOGS
Entenman's chocolate donuts
All the time. Yeah me too.
Cheers!
Milk then cereal?       Are you an alien?
Belgium
College. We had a group project for finals, but my group isn't really working well together so we relayed the issue to our professor and asked her if we could do something else. She then gave us the option to choose between not giving up on the group project or just take an exam. We decided on the latter. Professor raged verbally then started posting degrading stuff online with our names for her students to see. Since then, she particularly detested me during class and none of us understood why despite everyone's awareness of the entire situation. I've never even talked her down.  Fast forward, the rest of the class had their finals done while we the examinees have an hour (less because she was intentionally late for 15-20 minutes) to answer a test with 300 items worth 300 points. Half of it was essay worth 1 point each. No time extensions. The hardest part was that it was an advanced Japanese language class, so yeah, you are expected to handwrite in a different and complicated language from your native one. I managed to finish more than half.  Anyway, still passed the class because I already had perfect scores with the rest of the grading. All these happened because we couldn't do what she wanted yet girl couldn't fail me lol.
Yes this is the best thing anyone has ever said to me i think i love you i will 100% try to take your piss
Lamp
Cup holders galore too
HA!
mcnuggets
It’s clinic. Clearing people for surgery, informing results, and telling people they will never get better and they will die if they don’t stop smoking.  Super simple stuff. No reason to have a sit down meal with people waiting.
And Ive been trying to break my addiction to YouTube Family guy cutaway compilations and doing so well! Damn you Reddit!
Pussies. My record is three in a row but I know six wouldn't be a problem.
Seat them assholes right next to the toilets
2 girls 1 cup theme
"Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now"  Ok I honestly still don't understand this, and think it is also used out of context by other people who don't get it.
Just laying down
Ask the teacher for a tissue
Pedos and non-pedos
All the time. I mean I like say my thoughts outloud without thinking about it.
>White people loved crack too.  Who made up the overwhelmingly disproportionate amount of crack arrests? Couple that with the multi-generation crushing mandatory minimums (especially compared to powdered cocaine). You're accidentally proving his point...
idk why the name n---iglet made me laugh
Tits. Big round juicy tits.
Poland 4.6 PLN/1 EUR
Because I spend time fixing these problems in my day job, and I need a break sometimes
Should I have a cone then go to bed, or go straight to bed.
Normal people
Doing things YOU enjoy
Losing teeth
FOOL!  DR DOOM TOOTS AS HE DARN PLEASES!
Basically just that. I've had to just flat out tell people "I can't do anything about that" so many times.
I only eat the bowl.
Never understood this, unless you die at the same time you're dying alone.
Stick it up someone's pee-hole.
Noice
Milk (for cereal only)  Mayonnaise   A vegetable   Feta or cheddar   Lime pickle  I don't keep eggs in the fridge and I only buy butter for when I'm baking.
In the UK (at least the part I'm from) rain during a sunny day is called "a monkey's tea party"
Wishing this Sequoia tree sized poop would work it's way out
Viking funeral. Cheaper, looks cool, and I don’t waste land.
This makes me think "crop dusting" AKA farting, and I wouldn't want it near any good.
Ask the bus driver if it’s your stop coming up
American Psycho.
There is more than one for me depending on what I need comforting for.  But all are comedy as laughter is the most comforting thing of all.   Some of the current top ones…  All purpose, Kimmy Schmidt. Really uplifting and very funny.   Confirmation Bias on my cynicism about human nature and to see horrible people failing: Always Sunny in Philadelphia  Belly Laughs at pure silliness: Count Arthur Strong
When my wife heard my grandma call them that she (wife ) just about choked! Lol! I honestly didn’t know the proper term for an embarrassing length of time. I just never called them by the name that Grandma called them.
Grains of rice
Better haha.  But a very important question: whos the strawberries and whos the mashed potatos?
simpsons
Baaby shark doo doodoo doo doodoo baby shark doo doodoo doo doodoo baby shark doo doodoo doo doodoo BABY SHARK
Auckland,  NZ reporting in..
Rice
It is true, black out drunk or not. Ask your doctor.  And while on the topic of magnitude, a joint isn't one size.
Authenticity
Riding our bike with my siblings and our cousins in the moonlight.
Since you chose to misrepresent my point from the outset I thought it was fair game. "Good people on both sides" Right?  >You must also be one of those people that  LOL. Completely undermined your own point.  You have absolutely no way out of the quagmire you find yourself in. You're just an NPC trying to fit your square peg narrative into every round hole. Google the definition of nuance and then get back to me.
And waffles.
Thank you so much. I'm doing alright, I've got a very supportive long-distance partner of six-plus years who I can vent to. They help me keep my head on the right way around.
HAHA LOOK AT MY MEGA ENORMUS BANANA WILLY
Water leaks - Elektricty related stuff - same goes for heating etc. If you don't want to hire a professional find a friend that does it professionally, and pay him.   Get rid of back pain posture issues - "massages" of amateurs can make it worse.
"Gonna give you a knuckle sandwich"
Yea it was the shiny torchic, got it on opening day. Both X and Y completed (minus the pokedex)
The flag of Mexico because the food is damn good.
My sister would always excuse bad behavior by her son as "boys will be boys" while punishing her daughter for the same behaviors. It used to piss me off.
I "forget" the milk every single time.
Death by ear cleaning - worst way to go.
Rain - Lucy Park  Butterflies - Kacey Musgraves  The 1 - Taylor Swift  Good, bad & ugly - Runaway June  Star Maps - Aly & AJ  &#x200B;  Nice chilled music
people
n western society, u could talk to the press or maybe sued the relevant parties(idk im not familiar with law) u cant in china, the justice system is good as shit
A hair band with 🍒 on it
I literally quoted Kaczynski   That is the exact opposite of “changing history”  I don’t think you recognize what you are talking about   have a good day
This is a major reddit moment
"Saucy as a black" Oh Grandma. You and your casual racism.
Keanu Reeves
chicken or goose
Your 2nd wife was the stripper? Fuck thats amazing.
A hair strand, a single leaf, a plastic bag, a tissue, I’m thinking about this too much
Having lived among your people, I confirm this to be true.
I bet OP is saying the illegal immigrant is doing illegal stuff when in fact they are probably just minding their own business and OP is just an asshole 🤣
Driving requires reflexes and reaction times. Voting requires no such abilities. Instead if trying to stop old people from voting, your efforts would be better spent getting young people to actually vote.
Jaffa cakes
My mom told me that anime was called Jap-animation (hehe, kind of a pun) and I’m so embarrassed little kid me ran around telling all my friends that’s what it’s called
Booty
Pretty sure we called them lies back then
Baby dont hurt me NO MORE
I can throw a cookie really far
All the time. Pretty much a loner and that’s all I can do
Going into work at the quickstop
Ass
But want if my religion doesn't allow me to use spears? Should I bring more flies and AKs or is there alternative choice.  Also do I need to put my crocs in sport mode or just as is?
Bacteria.
If that’s how you feel, I support that.
Immediately what I said in my mind and you beat me to the comment. Take your upvote and go proudly sir.
Irish ancestry?
What on earth is a speed shop
Why did my landlord move the mailbox from the side of the house to the front? My biggest complaint has been that every new tenant that moves in downstairs gets them confused for like a week and now he's just made it even easier to confuse things...
Had a girl I'd been friends with for a few months tell me 'Violet, you have such a beautiful name.' My name is not Violet... Not even close. There are really no similarities at all, and she knew my name... But from that point in insisted on calling me Violet. The friendship didn't last much longer.
Sadly, in those game, there is no brothers nor friends.
Yeah people really crack the shits if you use emojis/emoticons. Except 🗿 for some reason... i dunno, I'm old haha.
I reckon a shadow priest or lock would be the worst class to be killed by, all their abilities are focused on, like causing agony and pain.  At least warrior/hunter abilities are effectively hit person hard with weapon/shoot in face.  A dk would probably also suck....
You looked. Didn’t you.
Alvin got the best head, but he was least aroused due to low libido at the time.
Pizza box
Bags of crisps
My dad used to call the VCR remote the ‘zoomer’ because he used it to fast forward through the ads of the show that he recorded.
Why, what does it mean?
That one kid who turned into a vampire in Salem's Lot.  Also, my one aunt with the mustache.
Maybe ask this question at r/DataScience? They could probably give a more qualified answer.   I don't have verified source for the following: Some time ago I read about something like "Instagram could predict that your relationship will break soon and shows you content that consolidates your opinion and view about your life that you already have" by evaluating User Behaviour at the Platform. And if that's true it would be easy to predict which products suit your expectations the most.  And what's verified (I guess) is that social media Platforms don't evaluate your behaviour seperated but in combination with using behaviour of your friends on the platforms. Example one of your friends on insta liked a picture or recently buyed something, the Data is collected. Their Profile is sorted into some kind of Data grid. And if your data matches this grid enough you are more likely to receive similar ads.  I found this source: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/323686262_Predicting_Users'_Personality_Based_on_Their_'Liked'_Images_on_Instagram
Bhutan
Board games
*complete the mission*
As often as I can
i peed my pants a lot because my teacher didn’t want us to go to the bathroom during class
Planet of the Rapes
South suburbs of Chicago
Every time I order food and watch a movie I'm dating myself?
Jfc that’s terrible. :(  I have my first-ever jury duty at the end of the month and I’m so nervous that I’ll get stuck hearing horrible things. I know the odds are generally good I’ll be dismissed, but still. Since I’m a 30s woman I can only hope I wouldn’t be chosen for a case like that.
But maths is worse.
Olives
Pretty recent song but Cure For Me by Aurora.   I can't stop listening to it.
I guess all those years in medical school didn't do their job
In my head? All day long. Out loud? Only when I'm trying to concentrate on a hard or stressful task usually.
I always thought I would make a good car salesman, but I don't think they should even exist. You could make cars cheaper of you just ordered one from a kiosk like at McDonald's.
Sjw’s who are complete and utter assholes to anyone who expresses slightly different opinions than them.
6/6 with rice
[Animal agriculture](https://www.dominionmovement.com/watch)
iirc in the UK a Chesterfield is a trunk/large suitcase...words are weird.
I did not say that. You wanted a example of a republican doing charitable work so I gave it to you
When the phone greens i pink up the phone and i say "yellow"
*6 inches of Dick's
Do you dip them in anything?
I do cereal, milk, then bowl.
Ugly and pretty
electronics.. a ps5 costs 900$
When you put the needs of each other over the needs of yourself
Babies. provided I have enough BBQ sauce.
Glad im not the only one, idk what the hell is in those things but its worth it anyway
No time to Drie
Honesty
Cooler than the other side of the pullow
Feet. They're just leg hands. What is so sexy about that?!
Packs of Quavers
How I’m boutta try to hit the notes in take on me and then embarrass myself for hours trying to get it down.
> The VA doesn't give a shit about you.  Republicans don't give a shit about you.  FTFY.  They're all "support our troops" sending soldiers into war, but when they come back blown apart they suddenly don't want to pay for their medical bills.
Nothing. I don't think of myself like that.
im wondering if someone was flirting with me or being friendly, it happened 18 hours ago but i still dont know
Coffee - defecafecation.
Beer, cereals and tit's milk.
Uh? Crab Rangoons?
I mean there is stuff you can learn at you tube like changing a tire etc, and there is other stuff that involves electronics that might kill you so you better pay someone to do for you.
You were at least taught about stranger danger. During my childhood adults were seemingly afraid to bring up pedos and mostly talked about strangers that will inevitably offer you drugs - which never happened. And then I found out about pedophiles and how it's bad while dating one as a teen. From my peers, not adults. Riveting.
Olives
No this means you don't understand jokes. Blocked
I am the law.  By successfully enforcing that, things are gonna be much easier for me to handle.
I have had the most soul wrenching compliments ever! Guys say I have very feminine fingers (I keep every nail short except the thumbs and indexes if there ever arises a need to open some container with a  tight lid) and noticeably curvy waist (this one actually hurts since I got it from a girl!). As if that was not enough, I'm also envied for my skin complexion by other girls and yep, I'm fairer than the fairest girl I know.
Sea otters
Pain.  Being a bad person.  My mother dying.
Problem is it seems to be very subjective when you compare laws between different countries
I have no fucking idea what it is. But I think about it like smoking cigarettes while gardening with my grandmother. See she caught me smoking once when I was a kid and instead of scolding me like I have been by every authority figure in my entire life she said "I used to like to smoke when I garden, want to come help me pick some weeds, there's an ashtray out there."   I don't smoke anymore, but there's an ashtray out in the garden.
Fluffy homemade dinner rolls made with yest. Coated in butter oh yes please.
As you whip out your dick, make the lightsaber sound.
I was doing 120m high jumps
A woman’s advances
Gaveling head lights on during rain
We dont know anything until at least half a generation of humans later whenever something new happens. You seem quite  paranoid and see shadows that harm you everywhere.  If you start questioning in that direction then life will become a lot harder to you. Vaccines, 5g, gmo, etc so many things that when introduced have not been tested enough to see if humans will get long term damage by it. If we don't try to improve our situation we might as well just go back to the middle ages.  Advancements are always bound to risks. Waiting to see what happens in like 20 years is usually jjst a waste of time.
When I was enjoying cleaning
Use their imagination
Don't think we have a regional term, pretty sure it's just sun showers  If it's lightly raining we do say it's "spitting" though
I can relate to this situation. Very toxic when you're never enough to them. You're enough either way. I'm here if you need me.
Honestly I think hospitals are also... fucking scary today.  You get sick and you could wake up tied down with a tube down your throat.  Two of my grandparents had that and said they'd rather be dead.  I don't know what the solution is to all the traumatizing procedures, but for sure we need to acknowledge that a lot of people are going to have PTSD after hospitalization.
once you add the milk you have to eat it quite quickly as it goes soggy.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
CHICKEN WINGSSSSS
rice. definately rice
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.
How is this still open? Lol
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Blazing Saddles it may be considered a bit spicy today but it is extremely funny.
Put milk in bowl, put bowl in microwave, heat it up, add cereal, wait a bit until it's soggy, eat.  You savage.
i dont, im from hong kong
Only Neo-Nazis use that lingual instrument , not sane normal citizens.
Time
No, that would still be quite a big leap from the evidence available.
That I have work in 2 hours and I havent slept a wink tonight
I would...  go faster than the posted speed limit. 🙃😜🤪😝🤪😜🙃
Dr. Strange
This is regular amongst my friends and I. Didn’t think it was old. Does this mean I’m old..?
love game by lady gaga but love is replaced by cum  \>lets play a cum game do you want cum or you want fame are you in the game of the cum game  &#x200B;  oh yeah and i saw an art post and was thinking "huh i should start using that part of their style in my art"
Really? :D  I am always told Finnish sounds aggressive and rough, or just gibberish
Are you Ned Flanders
White supremacy
Carrying a drinks cabinet home that is too big for my car.   Carrying on my own. It’s only a mile, but it’s a loooonnnng mile.
You can read between the lines of his answers to see what he's saying. At the time this interview was taken, he'd been in position around 6 months. Serving bureaucrats are very limited in what they can say without punishment of one kind or another. He can't just dive in and override existing processes for determining causation because he doesn't like the outcomes, and he can't explicitly blame specific parts of the organisation, and he has to follow the law as written and not criticise is as a bad or poor law. Good bureaucrats are skilled at finding a lawful way to get a good outcome without breaking the law, exposing themselves to criticism from politicians or directly overriding operational decisions, but unfortunately it takes time. That's the cost of the rule of law and having an independent and impartial civil service.
Going based on minecraft health potion. It probably tastes like watermelon, not the artificial shit but like actual watermelon.
I'd watch that.
Planet of the Rapes
Constantly
Oreos
Fancy pants are Sunday britches!
I was always wondering about this one. Did the Simpsons invent this or was it common in the days Mr. Burns was young? Or is there some obscure reference the Simpsons are making that I'm missing out on?
Us
Thank you for ruining my potatoes...
Caller ID boxes. I used to think we were so fancy since we had the little box with the screen that showed name and number before anyone else we knew had one
I've seen them live a few times. Good shit.
Die
George Jetson.
When it receives the Special Seal of Approval.
Masturbating
Keep trying to change history. Let me know how it works for you.
Justin Timberlake
Where did you grow up, out of interest?
Go to the airport and take a flight to another country
i learned english with that show when i was a kid and loved it but i tried rewatching it recently and stopped after the first episode. it did not age well
Load the kids into the car, drive out to my parents' place, give them all hugs and kisses, grab one of their whiskey bottles, walk out back to the lake, sit on the pier, and spend the last 10-15 minutes drinking and enjoying the view.
Once you pop, you just end up in rehab.
How it was accepted to make jokes at the expense of people with disabilities.
It means "yes" in Snoop Dog.
Please give me an example. This question seems to defy actual economic understanding.
We were in a Confrence that mentioned bulimia and she said I think I have ancestors ftom there.
This was literally what I was going to say regarding my MIL.
Dead ass, dayum!
M
Rice.
One of the above things was good.
He’s a rambler baby
THIS DICK!!    ………….and I’ll see my way out
bill murray
Trust me. That lil jade thing is amazing for anyone's neck.
Those who stop for school busses, and those who don’t deserve to live.
I think you've highlighted one of the strongest possible answers here to deny the premise. If you start with denying the premise, I don't know how either side could convince the other and you kinda end up in a frustrating stalemate tho :/ kinda kills the question without answering it.  It's a great defense of policy but there's no reasoning there. It's bridging the gap by refusing to look down and hoping for the best
Yea but it was always portrayed as something bad, eg Krusty only smoked when he thought cameras and kids weren't watching.
As a girl dating another girl, I'm attracted to the similar mindset and emotional IQ all women share. We all understand each other, know how to please one another mentally and physically, have unwritten codes, etc.  I don't see men having that, watching them struggle with emotions or social situations...watching them remain completely clueless to how women work, the struggle to understand female anatomy and orgasm gap, libido differences. The drive to be better than one another.
Beauty and the Breast.
I like this one, it’s like me and my brain are separate beings sharing the same space
I would have too!
Adidas popper pants, horrendous fashion
Tax the rich and corporates fairly. Get those wealthy bastards to pay their way.
I got thirsty a lot, blurred vision and 'out of it' feeling when I didn't eat.
No more elections
People, All people… Kindness , compassion and understanding and lots LOVE 😊💕💕💕💕💕💕💕🙏🙏🙏🙏
Entering a crowded room, maskless and unvaccinated, with unmasked people known to be positive for COVID-19 and remaining in there for an hour while the doors are locked behind you.  “Winners” can also win at life by owning them libs, with the actual winner of the game being the last one to die in agony while widowing their spouses and orphaning their children in the process over outright stupidity.
SHIT UPPPP 😡😡😡😡
Refering to weed as dope. I've only know dope as meth
Hi! Im from the government and Im here to help.
Glass of water
If there are purely evil ideas out there, this is one of them
I had my gallbladder removed, now the list is substantial.  Don't have it removed if you can avoid it.
A goat stuck in the rain.
Maybe Canada. Just maybe.
Coochie
All of the, We're over here like 'FFS America, fix your shit..."
Horny. So porn.
Yasss Silver paper
Not a TV show but a movie. "The king" on Netflix. For some reason I can just watch it over and over without losing interest and it comforts me for some reason.
I'll take a potato chip.... and EAT IT!
I support it when companies pull the "this is not available in your country" crap on direct access and streaming. To watch if I'd have to get a cable package from the human turds at the local cable company? Nah fuck you both imma pirate.  One day I'll get a VPN.
I lived in Ireland during the 2008 recession and got a not-so-wonderful flashback of this. I would go to house parties and people would be smoking inside.   I was living in a hostel so I didn't have a proper set of house products, ended up using Windex to get the smell of cigarettes out of my leather jacket... which worked and did not damage the leather, LPT.
im so sorry man have a hug     :hug:
Doctor whor
nintendo wii because it had a lot of unique games and i miss using the pointer for games
We have something similar for times a year when we go out to maintain the road. You talk to people you haven't had a reason to talk to, and some you just plain don't like.   We also started a kinda village get-together for midsummer a while ago. Helps you remember that people are people and not just weirdos who can't keep their damn dogs from barking up a storm every time you walk by and then have the gall to nag you for making the dogs bark by walking by, on the one damn road in the village.
I think the double standard the person is mentioning here is when an individual does not use the same language to describe both men and women. Like I saw a headline recently that had something like "plus-sized women and fat men etc etc". Of course men and women both get insulted on the basis of their weight, but the body-positivity thing has a sharp divide between genders amongst those who promote it.
Gyoza
Depends on how close you guys are and how cool he is with it. I’d consider my group of friends to be pretty diverse (vietnamese, philipine, indian, mexican) and we throw racial slurs at each other all the time. We Just dont do it in front of strangers
"Huh. Okay." \*goes back to phone\*
Signing up for education loan for University. All those documents and procedures I have to do, which was new to me, was so complicated and daunting because I never did this kinda thing before. It was then I knew a wasn't a kid anymore. In addition, the time I realized I was a actual adult was when I started paying taxes.
"Tired and emotional"
English Grammar
A bit of an exaggeration
6 vinegar chips.
Buttholes
So close my tiny friend! And how do they "decide" on these laws? Is it an all for one or nothing happens deal? I'll let you spell out why you are wrong. Go on. Explain why what I said was correct and you had no business disagreeing with it. Go on. I'll wait.  Of course I don't want to single France out! Europe has a TON of countries on the highest rapes per capita list. Hell of an accomplishment 'mate'. You're right. I think MORE immigrants would definitely solve the issue. Couldn't agree more.  Ooof, the swiss prick misses again! I wasn't saying the Russia or China comment to prove your irrelevance (which your right, it also proves that) but to show the relevance of modern day super powers keeping each other in check.  It has nothing to do with dick size, it has to do with the reality of living in the real world and living near to the 2 superpowers who are land hungry and would eat you up in a second given the absence of comparable military force. The real word is so scary, I know... It's ok though.
Spare the rod and spoil the child
No link?  Darn off to search….
grammar and spelling
Did it work?
It was flooded and drowned out by another thing that happened in 2001
I'm so happy that there are solutions out there for the people who needs them, but damn I was still not prepared for that link
Lucky, for me there was a relatively large circle of gamers, but the majority looked down on it
Saving for later
Prob has something to do with the speed at which they are eaten
There’s all sorts of ways of interpreting it. Some people think the soul exists even before conception. Jews believe that the unborn have no souls. But abortion itself is never mentioned and crime of causing a woman to miscarry is not considered murder
Lucky
Don't take advice from reddit
Being calm
What about as a non Jojo fan?
Now I'm just laughing. I hope you have a great day. 🙂
I… I… I want to fucking strangle them slowly until they ask for death. Stupid bitch
Not my chair, not my problem I always say
That's because your sex organs are on the outside of your body.    Edit - think you might benefit from a little more biological research on the female anatomy.
Their stink ain't that bad
A horse a piece
Can't say that I ever had any faith in humanity, and sure the fuck don't at this point in life.  Humans are a virus except that a virus isn't as bad as humans.  A virus only does what is genetically programmed to do.  It didn't have greed, it doesn't have lust, it doesn't change it's behavior on a whim... It only has one purpose and does it well.  And humans have a larger propensity for destruction than a virus.  We're basically just a neurotic, hairless ape with mental illnesses of varying degrees. The planet and the universe would be far better off of we didn't exist.  I used to think that maybe we'd get better but, over the last 50 years we've only gotten worse and more stupid.  Anti-science, anti-vax, flat-earthers, conspiracy theories out the ass, propagated by completely brainless fucks they use entirely too much oxygen.  Racists, sexists, homophobes, and all sorts of hate filled fuckwits that ANY use of oxygen is too much.  The lists of cons of the human race is FAR longer than any possible pros that one could come up with.  If there actually were aliens anywhere close to here, they'd destroy the planet and save themselves because, if we ever actually achieve space travel beyond this solar system, they're fucked
Might need an entire water afterwards to wash it down.
nice
I just stick my entire face in the bowl and eat like a horse.
Shed dead skin, thus resulting tiny particles of dust - highly visible in a sun beam
animations, for some reason i found the unrealism creepy
“11. When someone interprets as derogatory almost anything that is said about him (or about groups with whom he identifies) we conclude that he has inferiority feelings or low self-esteem. This tendency is pronounced among minority rights activists, whether or not they belong to the minority groups whose rights they defend. They are hypersensitive about the words used to designate minorities and about anything that is said concerning minorities. The terms “negro,” “oriental,” “handicapped” or “chick” for an African, an Asian, a disabled person or a woman originally had no derogatory connotation. “Broad” and “chick” were merely the feminine equivalents of “guy,” “dude” or “fellow.” The negative connotations have been attached to these terms by the activists themselves. Some animal rights activists have gone so far as to reject the word “pet” and insist on its replacement by “animal companion.” Leftish anthropologists go to great lengths to avoid saying anything about primitive peoples that could conceivably be interpreted as negative. They want to replace the world “primitive” by “nonliterate.” They seem almost paranoid about anything that might suggest that any primitive culture is inferior to our own. (We do not mean to imply that primitive cultures ARE inferior to ours. We merely point out the hypersensitivity of leftish anthropologists.)”  Those are the rantings of a conservative incel  Do keep up, yourself
That's a nice one!
Jaffa cakes
Americas gun violence only intensifies as various police departments claim (without citing any evidence) that unmanned robot shootings are not racially biased and that arial laser policing is "effectively reducing crime in urban areas".  BLM gains widespread support as police funding is claimed to have gone too far. In other news - Covid 21 is ravaging our communities, how to slow the spread when wearing a mask makes robots more likely to shoot you. John oliver has the scoop.
One flew over the cuckoo’s nest.
Oh dang. That's even more bs than I originally thought.
A lady walks up to me in the club and looks at me and tells me that I have eyelashes like a woman!
I'm a very kinky dominant man but hate the look of ball gags. Much to the disappointment of my subs.
Gandalf, because Dumbledore is dead.
2 out of 7 billion is still less than 0.0000001% chance (if I got my maths right, and I probably didn't) so unless we find another one it's still pretty special
Ngl I would film it too
The Boner Collector.
My mother can nap all she pleases even when it's inconvenient for others. I have a pain disorder and need rest, medically, but I get yelled at and bothered for even shutting my eyes.
Genocide.
The fact that they get to wear make up They can get away with not working without being called a Bum for it they don't have to get drafted to the army gets to take time off when they have a Baby Get doors open for them Can Yell at and sometimes physically assault people and get away with it Gets free Drinks just for looking Nice Can get Nice Jobs for giving Blowjobs
Alive.
Isnt there a black mirror episode on this very subject?
I'm ok with that.
Sir, if you can’t look at a woman, removed from her body, you’re a creepy fuck
Management: "Ask not what we can do for you. Ask what you can do"  Nurse: "you mean like quitting? Bye!"  Management: "Come back here! You guys are the real heros! Come back!"
Shrimp, because my face would always get ridiculously red while playing sports. It was a little ironic since I was the tallest kid on most of my teams.
Did the brain disease affect your ability to think critically?   Because you didn't just now.
You see that red dot? What do you think that is???
I work with a biracial girl who calls herself mulatto. She was raised by the white side of the family. I've tried to explain the origin of the word to her and she says she not biracial, she mulatto because that's what she knows.
Idk why you're being downvoted but you pointed out an obvious trash bitch boy homophobe racist loser
I wouldn't expect a dastardly transphobe like you to understand this but you can't single out only women as having vaginas because literally any gender can have a vagina. Be better next time!
You can now reply to any askreddit post no matter how old it is
There have been social experiments conducted where they did this. What they found was the negative repercussions to productivity far exceeded any positives. The workers that were paid less became dissatisfied and worked less. The workers that were at the top didn't really work any harder at all and their satisfaction changed much less. HR knows this which is why many companies (illegally) discourage the sharing of salary information with coworkers.
M-babeh don hurt Mee, don hurt me, no more.  I'm sorry, it's traditional
Firewatch station out in the woods.  Free food and nice and quiet.
While ML and AI are the new buzzwords that everyone wants to adopt, the reality of ML at the core is basically a scaled up version of statistics and pattern recognition.   This means that training most AI and ML models come with the same issues that most statistical models face which is garbage-in/garbage-out. The key here is that the person who inputs and trains the models has to know what’s in the data and be able to build around those limitations instead of just chucking the data into the model without considering any factors. This is why Exploratory Data Analysis is now becoming as important as the actual “cool” bits.   In your example, which is a great example of Simpsons Paradox by the way, you can suspect that the final model would have to account for the gender imbalance or even potentially ignore it and consider the multitude of other factors. This is why it’s important that the person doing the modeling knows what’s in the data.
My kind of war
Comply or die, you will own nothing and be happy  . [Rogue ](https://youtu.be/aQUvhISPIrs)
Do you miss missing Mitch much?
Giving great advice that I am incompatible with taking.  I also make great spreadsheets, but only when they're not for work.
My dad is 83 and super fucking racist. He’s a nice guy for the most part, but I’ve never been able to guilt the racism out of him, to the point where he says my best friend is an “exception” to the rule, and my husband is “not like the others.” I just say this to give context.   He calls his dog, a small black poodle, a name which rhymes with piglet. I HATE it. I’ve thrown tantrums, I’ve judged him, I’ve yelled at him, I’ve cut him off for a few months at a time - nothing works. It’s to the point now where he can control himself in public at least, but he still says it’s a funny joke. It’s not.
It's not really a film but my husband's and I go to thing is the BBC pride and prejudice.   All the how to Train your dragons, although the 2nd and 3rd ones made me cry they had happy endings.   The greatest showman
Bless your heart - I'm not from the south and didn't realize it was an insult
Pretty much everything about being non-binary
A doll. 😐
Charlie DaMelio. If I spelled it wrong, that just proves how much I think she's trash.
*Too many chiefs and not enough Indians   If your teacher was saying it the way you stated, he/she didn't know what the phrase means (everyone wants to be in charge but someone has to do the work)
i know i’m late to the party but god i LOVE how you’re getting downvoted for politely asking a simple question, reddit in its finest
Hahaha yeah, I do that too. Though I can't speak for all women by saying these things. I understand many have smaller cups. But it's noice having them. It's always a love hate relationship with breasts tbh.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I worked for them around the same time. It was a complete shitshow and i had no idea how they remained in business. My favorite was that, much like you, I’d get scheduled for evening shifts ending around 11. Except, we were in a college town, and would get slammed with people around this time until 3 in the morning. On the overnight shift, you’d have one poor waitress managing the entire front AND be expected to run the drive through (unless you could convince the cook to help). So many nights, I’d get stuck there until 2 in the morning because they made it impossible to actually leave.
Sweet potato. Its sweet and its a potato, what's it not to like?
snakes
You are The Devil.
LoL
Dying alone. I’m 24 and I don’t think I’m ever gonna get a significant other again. Although I found this girl I work with, she’s cool. Hung out and cuddled a bit recently but idk
Time
I went to a restaurant once and just sat at the bar. I like to do this since i feel like i get better service being able to just say something to the bartender if i need something Well the unpleasant experience was listening to the woman behind me. She was going on and on about her ex-husband and the fact that he was getting remarried soon. She said that she would never get remarried and that "they're gonna pay." referring to her ex husband and his new wife. She kept saying how much money he was worth and that she would not remarry to keep getting alimony. She said she wasn't going to have kids due to her age and that mean that there was no reason to remarry. I'm sure she was probably emotional due to him getting remarried but to listen to someone like that just makes me sick.
Watching Netflix for like 14 hours a day
All booger eating must be done in private
That werid aloe Vera drink I see people drink
you and me both
Yoda would beat them both before dumbeldore beats gandalf
Ptsd and night terrors make it real.  Thankfully due to years of therapy I haven't had one in a while, but waking up screaming and crying and drenched in sweat is no joke.  If anything it feels underplayed in most portrayals.  Being suffocated by your fears and being unable to escape your brain and sometimes being unable to move due to sleep paralysis and just being aware of what's coming and not having any control or being able to stop it and just having everything all on you all at one time without any help or anyone to turn to and all your insecurities and fears and traumatic experiences ganging up on you in your weakest moment without any relent or respite is the worst experience of my life aside from the initial trauma.  And that's even an almost even experience.    0 of 10.  Don't recommend.
Ezio Auditore. In his prime, I‘m dead.
eating beans and watching SpongeBob SquarePants
Beauty and the breast.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Oddly specific. Yes, Mr FBI this person here.
Happy cake day and and the military would still just not for personal youse
When I stopped getting money for Christmas
Supper.   Fucking hate that word. Really hate it. Especially when preceded with “fish”.
During the start of the 2008 financial collapse, there was a rash of parents coming home, killing their entire families, and then themselves. They'd been either laid off or were losing everything and would be destitute.
"This ain't written for white people!"  Meaning a badly written, misspelled or ambigous instructions manual or similar.  Still used a lot in the country side by young people today.
When I was a teenager, I received a letter in the mail from My Childhood that said he had left me for good.
I think they mean cue, but I'm not sure.
P*ssy
Yup. And it’s sad honestly. I worked with a single mother who couldn’t for the life of her score full time with the company who contracts employees out. Had been with them for years. She had an infected and broken molar and couldn’t do anything to fix it beyond taking Tylenol everyday. She was only able to seek medical attention when it had gone too far and basically needed to be pulled for medical reasons. This is in Canada!  Edit: a word
Tim Tams. Original.
Don’t comment on stuff when it’s obvious everyone is leaning in the same direction. While you may just be trying to engage in conversation, or a healthy debate, everyone will just down vote you and consider you ignorant or the enemy. Subs that are obviously for or against something are best avoided if you don’t align with their beliefs.
Wow... That's so incredibly true.
and -200.000 social credit for all your friends and family.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jared Leto is a creep.
“Going like the clappers” and a racist slurs for each individual country
Someone ruined this movie for me, and now I shall ruin it for all of Reddit:  The entire outcome of the movie would have happened whether or not  Indiana Jones had interfered with the nazis...
"Your eyes are like milk." At least, I think that was a compliment, from a Spanish man passing me at a bus stop in Edinburgh city center one evening as I was coming home from a night out. Sticks with me to this day!
My husband thought the word was 'Milano' and got VERY confused when we spotted Milano cookies in the store. Had to explain the difference to him quietly, in the cookie aisle.
i was doing research for Rudolf Hoss (he was the longest-serving commandant of Auschwitz concentration and extermination camp) and it stated that the people who were taken to the concentration camps often didn't even realise that they were going to die, they thought they were going to get a shower or something like that.  it absolutely broke my heart and i still cant believe that it was real
Screw the Hobbit.   Watch lord of the rings.  First movie, just try to take it all in. 😏  Second movie, enjoy as it gets turned up to 11.  Third movie, the wonderful conclusion to a wonderful journey.  Total running time is quite long. 😏  But it's worth it. It's a once in a lifetime trilogy.
The LGBT
how the hell do I make new friends if I'm terrified of talking to people I dont know yet? do I wait until I can legally go to bars and hope for the best? risk going to a party, a rave? do I just travel around and hope for the best?
My mom got arrested for flipping someone off before.. illegal use of the middle finger
Custard creams
Could he worse, I was at a girls house party in high school and some douche bags went through her parents drawers and found their home made tape.  They come running in and put it on the main T.V for everyone including the girl to see....
“Women are equal” “Is this how you talk to women?”
Bills on parade- the Denzel curry cover
Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data
Halo 5 multiplayer
I hope it helped
My Memere is doing great in her 90’s, my mom is doing great in her 60’s, I’m not doing so well in my 30’s.  The difference is they keep moving.  That, and they never faced crippling health problems
Fargo
Compared to you? Yes, because you don't seem to care at all
Yeah that's what I said /s  Not everything is about you.  Grow up.
In northern India we call it naked rain
Even I've heard that saying. I'm from Illinois.
You still aren't being specific enough and are keeping with the whole generalization thing.
So.  No correction, no link, no counter argument other than "You used to post to conservative?"  Ever so helpful.  Here.  >This proposal would create a comprehensive financial account information reporting regime. Financial institutions would report data on financial accounts in an information return. The annual return will report gross inflows and outflows with a breakdown for physical cash, transactions with a foreign account, and transfers to and from another account with the same owner. This requirement would apply to **all business and personal accounts** from financial institutions, **including bank, loan, and investment accounts**,2 with the exception of accounts below a low de minimis gross flow threshold of $600 or fair market value of $600. Other accounts with characteristics similar to financial institution accounts will be covered under this information reporting regime. In particular, payment settlement entities would collect Taxpayer Identification Numbers (TINs) and file a revised Form 1099-K expanded to all payee accounts (subject to the same de minimis threshold), reporting not only gross receipts **but also gross purchases, physical cash, as well as payments to and from foreign accounts, and transfer inflows and outflows.** Similar reporting requirements would apply to crypto asset exchanges and custodians. Separately, reporting requirements would apply in cases in which taxpayers buy crypto assets from one broker and then transfer the crypto assets to another broker, and businesses that receive crypto assets in transactions with a fair market value of more than $10,000 would have to report such transactions. >The Secretary would be given broad authority to issue regulations necessary to implement this proposal. The proposal would be effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022.  There ya go, that's the proposal.  Note that this is a proposal that expands Business requirements to Personal accounts.  Doesn't matter if you have a business or not.  Under this regulation, My wife's studio would show a profit.  Which isn't true, because I transfer my personal money into her business account so she can pay rent on the studio.  Am I supposed to create loan paperwork just so these asswipes can go after some kid down the road that makes 1000.00 during the summer cutting grass?  But hey, thanks for being a pain and making me read NOT WHAT MY BANK SENT ME, but what the actual proposal is, which is way, way worse.
If that was possible then I would make it compulsory for school to stop teaching using books and replace it with electronic devices.
subtle asian racism is accepted more than any other racism
No body is inherently sexual. Removed from societal wire sexualization, the human body is just a meat puppet for the brain Boobs are mounds of fat used to feed babies, it’s society that has sexualized them
What made me lose faith is that some people will hurt or kill animals on camera just to get views on Youtube or TikTok. What a waste of life and what monsters.
Blimey!
I get told I have pretty eyes/eyelashes. It’s kind of unsettling the first time you hear it as a man
I like any chris farley film because i love goofy movies and he was a funny dude
Mannequins
I've got an appointment with my cardiologist at 2:15 pm.  I hope I don't forget.
As a jojo fan. You're wrong
Oh no no no no no
Pierce always says “streets ahead”
Any Netflix show or movie where a POC is the best friend, or doctor, or therapist, etc.   Why can’t Netflix make a show where POC are the main characters? I also don’t want marvel movies where they blackwash characters.
Eva Unit 01 with a nice snarly grin 😁
Wake up early enough that you can enjoy the day, maybe 9-10am.  Make a homemade breakfast with good coffee.  Go to a social occasion and enjoy it.  Go home and enjoy a piece of entertainment/art.
✨habit✨
Thia caught me by surprise and now I can’t think of anything
Boioioioing
Andrew Huang
Your dad's ballsack.
the sun could just disappear and we wouldnt know for 8 straight minutes
Alex Turner.
My grandfather is about 80. Whenever he sees something he likes, or I guess looks good, he calls it “sexy”. For instance my mom bought him a life jacket-he has a cottage on a lake with a boat and my mom was worried he’d fall in-he saw it and went “oh wow this is really sexy.” It always makes me laugh a little. I love him though.
My friend who i love. But she doesn't.
Homer Alone
Then why are you wasting your time posting here?
Munchmallows
Motherfucker
Had people park like that at my old school, and nails mysteriously appeared in their tires.
Well I would recommend the tax laws be changed. The preside does not make laws only signs them in to law.
I get a lot of this from my parents who insist that I'm only *really* attracted to girls. I reached a breaking point over dinner one night where I looked my dad in the eyes and told him I've sucked dick and it tastes great.   That got him to stop for about a month.
Ah, the old “defund the police” misdirection… Perhaps you should explain what that phrase really means. And stop calling people bra, makes you sound like a tit.
Well now you've learned something!    Apparently Gwyneth Paltrow [didn't know this](https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2020/jan/24/the-goop-lab-review-gwyneth-paltrow-netflix-vagina) either until recently.  And she acts like she knows *everything* about vaginas.
Grapes.
I figured you wouldn’t bother to note the rain as it never stops
Starring Dennis Miller
Celebrate your 29th birthday.
That’s what I’m talking about.   This question was inspired by some elaborate Geocache puzzles
Popcorn pieces
Say hello to my little friend
Music
You and me baby
Never Let Me Go
I'd like to be stuffed so my boy can bounce on this dick forever.
Idiots and useful idiots
Scotland
Nope, I just eat while browsing reddit or other social media. Nobody has ever bothered me because I'm eating alone.
Ah, so it's just as US thing. I live in Europe
Warm and wet pussy
Garlic bread with molten mozzarella on top
I was once eating at a subway alone in Toronto and two girls from the High school sat at my table .  I wouldn't have had a problem with it if they weren't so annoying asking about my school and other personal questions that felt off to ask a stranger 😂  On fairness that subway is always packed , its across the street from my school so around the time of dismissal it's packed like sardines.  It was just annoying and awkward, especially when my then GF arrived🙄
Oh, no worries. Steve Perry formerly of Journey is this way old guy now who nevertheless sang with so much skill, precision, power, and emotional expressiveness that my ears are, well, pretty much are still hopelessly married to his singing and his catalog all these years later. I wish it were a more straightforward celebrity crush where I could just look at old photos of him from his prime, but ... idk, he's alright but he has never been -my type-. It's just -that singing- that owns me, and it's gonna kill me when he dies. But -damn-, nothing does it for that animal hindbrain like THAT SINGING. I wish him every happiness and joy in life. (and every happiness and joy in life to you, too.)
I don't think about it
Depends if dumb and dangerous are two separate categories.    Looking back it'd probably be this. Both dumb and extremely dangerous. This will be a claustrophobic story so if that ain't your thing, yeah.   Played around in storm drains a lot (known as a culvert). Really dangerous ones too that had previously drowned a few kids. The tunnels always ran uphill (suburb in the rockies). These large perfectly round tunnels would start out about 6.5 or 7ft tall and then progressively get smaller and smaller the deeper you went. There were small rooms, under the streets and sidewalks we called checkpoints. The rooms under the sidewalk, you could look out through the slit and see cars driving by or hear people walking over your head. The rooms under the street were totally dark aside from the small hole in the manhole and the faint ring shaped glow around the edge of it. Both types of room would have a manhole with a ladder. Under street rooms were approx 3ft tall, sometimes bigger or smaller. Under sidewalk rooms were almost always about 5.5ft tall. Some rooms also had very small (1.5ft tall) holes leading to different rooms, like across the street. Each checkpoint, the tunnel would lose several inches in height. By checkpoint 5 we had to lay belly to the ground and shimmy on our elbows/knees through the pipes (military low crawl), sometimes through thick cobwebs and dead critters that had washed into the tunnel. You couldn't turn around in these small tunnels at all. I promise it was physically impossible. It was either forwards or very slowly and painfully backwards. The tunnels branched off sometimes in three or four directions at once. We'd crawl to each end as far as it went or that we could fit in, then head back to a central point, then carry on. They weren't extremely complex and you just had to remember the way you came which wasn't two hard as we only had to remember a few turns here and there.   Over time we mapped the entire navigable tunnel system out on paper. This was before google maps was really a thing so we didn't know exactly how big it was. Now looking at a map & satellite images I figure it was probably about 2.5 or 3 miles was the furthest we could reach. Most of which was explored crawling in pitch black darkness to save flashlight battery.    We'd go down there to smoke, drink, start small fires, just typical hoodlum nonsense. We even dragged abandoned junk furniture to some of the rooms. When we first explored it, the people who had come before had left plenty of graffiti and messages. By checkpoint 3, almost no messages as it was already very claustrophobic and hard to traverse. You were in a real low crouch and it was easy to scrape your scalp along the top. By 5, there was only one tag who had come before us. In the distant checkpoints like 9-13 there were none but us. This was for a good reason. It's in the name, storm drain. When it rains, they fill. As the water moves downhill, it accelerates. It picks up more water from each rooms. As it hits the top of the tunnels, it gains pressure. Pressure is relieved slightly each time the water hits the next bigger tunnel, but if it rains hard enough, it doesn't matter. On a hard rain, that 7ft tall tunnel entrance is filled to the top and shooting water 30 yards or more into a big double football field sized drainage field. I've seen several ton boulders get pushed away by the water. I've seen that entire field, which is more of a huge bowl if anything, fill up with 15 feet of water in 15 minutes.   When water comes inside the tunnel, it's pretty fucking scary. You hear a tinkle first. Then you feel a tiny drizzle going by your hands. Then your face. Down your chest and legs. The second you feel that water that isn't old standing water, you have to haul ass immediately because it will pull you, pin you inside a checkpoint, drown you, then spit you out miles away if at all. That drizzle means you might already be dead if you're in a bad spot.   There was one occasion I was with my best friend and his yellow lab. We had hit about checkpoint 6 or 7, at least a mile in. We take a break in a checkpoint so we can actually sit upright (I remember this room being about 3ft tall and full of spiderwebs, so we were slumped low to the ground). This was one of the under-street checkpoints, so no light. We couldn't check the weather outside, so we stayed for a short time and moved fast. His dog for whatever reason loved coming with us on our journeys so don't ask. (She crawled right with us happy as could be.) Anyways, we continue our trip to the outer rim of our explored area. This particular section had a very very long crawl between checkpoints. We would go for a hundred yards or more, and stop to take a breather. Then it happened. The drip-drop.     drip-drop.   drip-drop. drip-drop.drip-drop.dripdripdripdripdrip whoooosh SPLASH roar. You always could hear the water before it ever hit you. That was the worst part. The first drips is.. Okay, hopefully that's somebodies sprinklers, some guy washing his car, ya know regular water sources. When you hear drips change into splashing in a matter of 15 seconds... We knew right then we fucked. In the middle of a tunnel, a mile from the entrance. Hundreds of yards into a tunnel away from the checkpoint behind and infront of us. Nobody would hear us if we yelled. I just said to my buddy, man I really fucking hope that's some old guy watering his yard excessively and not a storm. We started crawling, and I mean CRAWLING. Like zombie-no-legs-trying-to-eat-your-brains dragging ourselves along. I have a space so tight that if i lift my head up to look forwards, he head doesn't fit and scrapes the top. So I'm looking flat at the concrete , blowing my air out, huffing and puffing and wiggling/dragging my way as fast as possible like an actual tunnel rat. The baby sized stream started going past and soaked my chest. In the span of 30 seconds we had two inches of water. By a minute, we had about 4 inches, up to my face now. I cock my head to the side like a swimmer and push forward as fast as possible. Even more water. Oh boy it's a bad storm. I can hear my buddy and his dog huffing and puffing right behind me keeping up. Water is still rising. I flip over on my back, put my face up to the top of the tunnel, and am pulling myself through the tunnel with my fingernails along the cracks in-between each section of concrete. Water is pushing and rushing past us, trying to take us down. I can barely get air from the top. As it completely fills and I'm holding my last breath in, right then we burst into the checkpoint, which is a chaotic scene of swirling and sloshing water violently ripping about the place and throwing tons of leaves and garbage against the concrete walls and us. It was smashing us into the walls hard, but we grabbed hold of the ladder. It was another under-street room, about 3ft tall as well. Short enough that it's such a low and awkward squat to get under the manhole it's difficult to lift it up (especially when you're a super underweight kid) but with both of us push while up to our eyes in water, we get it off and onto the street, we look at the dog who was literally chillin in the room paddling smiling and wagging her tail off, we pushed her out first and climbed out. There was an old couple sitting on their porch that witnessed first a nice rain storm. Then a manhole loudly scrape out and onto the street. Then a yellow lab emerge. Followed by two boys lol. They had the most confused look on their face I've ever seen. They said nothing, just watched in shock as we put the manhole back and walked away laughing the adrenaline off.    My clothes were 125% shredded. I was 200% exhausted. We had entered the tunnel that morning and it was evening when we came out. That last sprint drained every bit of life out of me and I looked ghastly pale for hours and damn near collapsed after the adrenaline fully leached out.   We continued going down there for years after that anyways. You meet some weird people in a storm drain.
Eclairs
Not the worst but was definitely awful for a not-well-off family with relatives in another country. We had to purchase a special card to call my grans - a few minutes of crusty-ass phone call for a day's worth of groceries budget. Cherished memories with them wiped because someone exposed the photo tape (whatever it's called) to sunlight.  Now just booting up a video call on whatsapp whenever we want to and sending each other random pics with one flick of a fingertip seems mundane, but when I look back at memories mentioned above I'm like holy shit that was absolutely miserable, let's appreciate the present.
My mum always called us a "fart in a bottle", quite similar.
Universal Skills 1.0 for Job Opportunities and Life Improvement.
Ya...mine is the same.. quite a handy song actually.
Nothing about their demeanor after the incident conveyed true remorse.  That was years ago and they may have had a change of heart since but the whole thing just struck me as rotten.
Depends, he might have been blacked out from alcohol.  I assume that he tried it and does remember it, or at least remembers the fact that he tried it, but it's not entirely implausible if you were really wasted on alcohol that you could snort some blow and not remember it.
Yep. Two.
Hence…. My first law.
Redditor hates fun
“Like a banchee”
Netflix
If you received a large sum of money and had to spend it all in 12 minutes, what would you do?
Tacos.
Girls saying dont make fun of their tit size but make fun of a mans height
I’ve heard that before when I was really young (I’m 30 now)
Cate Blanchett
Feeling empty now.
Oh I'm very aware.      We've explained to her a few times.
I’m speaking about Scotland
Actually mediums use psykick energy like magic but real and read the ghost around
Plus white people do all look the same. It's easy to mix them up.
Yes lol 😂 you would be correct!
Date yourself. Order food and watch a movie/series.
muslims majority country
Ooh I wonder what the top comment will be.
Just general “You’d look prettier if you smiled” and other unsolicited advice from guys.
all military forces on earth have been demilitarized, war are now waged with snowballs
We call it the do-flicker. The flicker that does.
Lead a well rounded life where you're open to new experiences and meeting new people, and don't worry about the sex stuff, as far as possible.
The Flintstones used "rock-picking" all the time, and it was only recently that I leaned the context.
Jelly Beans.
The dead ones.
Have I finished pooping or is there still more to come?
Science & Religion
Hand holding. It gets me all worked up.
“Wiffy.”
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
10 tips and tricks for grooming some 16 year old bussy
Which one and how'd it go?
Grapes
My personal favorite recipe, might be a little weird for some people though.  Salt and pepper     Cumin     Onion powder     Garlic powder     Chipotle Tabasco     Mayonnaise    Dijon mustard     Chopped green olives      Avocado can substitute for mayo or be added as well, if you happen to have a ripe one when you’re making the eggs.
public school
fried chicken
In Eminem's Music Box he says "I wonder how come it rains when the sun is out. The devil's upset with his wife, they must be slugging it out."
My granda was always looking stuff up on "goggle". I gave up trying to gently correct him and just went with it.
Good food, Music, Sleep
No more biljonairs. 999 milion should be enough
Does she actually say "black" or does she use another word? Because if someone's using that phrase, there's a good chance they won't censor themselves.
Horse Hockey
How everytime I go to bed tired, I  always flop around unable to sleep for hours and then finally drifting off, only to get woken up by some telemarketer or family member who has nothing actually important to say but thinks that it's a good idea to wake me up before the sun is even up!
I've been using ATMS since the mid 90's in the UK, and they always "spit" your card out at you (and if you don't take it nothing happens) , and only then do they release the money to you. So you pretty much can't ever forget your card.
Croquetas
Jaffa Cakes. 6 boxes, that is.
Actual advice here: https://qz.com/884448/every-successful-relationship-is-successful-for-the-same-exact-reasons/
But its better to be good at a few things than great at one.. Or something like that.
Linda Tripp and how John Goodman played her on SNL because he looked just like her!
I have not, no
Have a lot of assignments to complete but look what I'm doing
Big fan
Stanley Tucci  He is great and I love him dearly
Cause the quote is not fully said.   The quote was created by Mr Selfridge. ( I believe )   The actual full quote is “The customer is always right, in matters of taste.” Nothing about price, nothing about service, nothing about refunds, just taste. Meaning if a customer wanted a piece of clothing that doesn't suit them in color or fit, Mr. Selfridge would be happy to sell it to him/her”
They're a couple of suckers that Oprah manipulated into making her bank. She does it to everybody.
I’m Canadian so maybe that’s why I don’t know?
If anything it would disprove a God - at least an Abrahamic one. If an all-knowing deity existed, why does their book have such a clear inaccurate representation of the afterlife?
Dumb answer
It's a quite new idiom - only about two decades.   It seems to have started around the turn of the century.
Tap water is nearly freezing, and I don't have 3 hands to operate the hot and cold taps while I'm also brushing.
I’m an engineeress!
Hanging out with people that also have a low score will lower your score. It's not only crimes
When eating an entire large pizza by myself was no longer a thing of pride, but a thing of shame.
Give us any chance, we'll take it!
"Oh, snap!" . . . cringe
The collapse of Soviet Union and the outcome for former citizens
Go to a nightclub. Wouldn't you rather a nice cup of tea instead?
As a big ol' whitey from the UK, African-American just doesn't work on so many levels because it assumes a lot about the person you're referring to for one, and is just...weird isn't it? I mean, I can't imagine being referred to as Germanic-English given my background and heritage.
I’ve updated it to clowns
Skittles
After surviving Y2K - there’s nothing I’m afraid of
Mama ain’t raised no quitter! except in highschool! I quit that faster I can say Oreo
Building a nuclear device.
Disagree, sometimes sure but other times no
Yeah, I farted at the diner counter and had no one to blame.
The people who keep telling us to act for the environment are consumers too, but they don't change their own practices, and they never tell us to consume less.
It's not difficult to break drywall if you hit it hard. It's a brittle material, but the corners are reinforced with metal strips. I imagine it is because corners are more susceptible to being bumped into plus they are more difficult to repair if they do get damaged. A hole in drywall is pretty simple to fix if you have the materials and a little knowledge.  To answer your question, as to why? I would again have to say because it's the best and cheapest material we have found so far. It's simple to repair, install, and does a good job if you can keep from slamming your fist through it.
K cars
Nope
Should I open the bag of chips next to me or go upstairs and get some actual food
LIFE!!!
A bud reset not one but TWO of my pokemon games. They even had a one-time mystery gift drop on them.
As a PNW resident, I’m here to inform that the term “annoying Hipsters” is a redundancy.
If I knew I was a test dummy then I would have a choice. But given the idea this could hit stores in UK very soon and the change in label rules we may not get a choice...
Presidents don't usually make laws.
Flock to the internet for attention from strangers, and not one of them can take a dissenting opinion, or take any criticism. They only want compliments and kindness, which is just so saccharine
There are more important questions that require much more immediate answers, such as, how do we stop the destruction of global climate, and how do we prevent the next big war? The trolley problem can wait
Jerk off and cry then go to work
Im on youtube
Pomegranate seeds
Appreciate the response.  I'm not interested in it personally, but maybe it's something my wife would enjoy.
My cat
Cinnamon rolls
Can only manage to eat two of them
experience the nature
“Shut the front door” instead of STFU or “for… five six seven” instead of FFS
Aw thank you!
Jumal x10 Lavis - Jeesus
Overwatch
What to comment on this post
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
lizards and i still am scared of them, they look so ugly and i don't mean like the big colourful ones the yellow coloured ones
Ask him if he knows why Snoop carries an umbrella. The answer of course being "Fo' drizzle."
Is this a thing??
Cans of ravioli. Nobody wants to admit they ate 9 cans of ravioli though.
The sexualization of children. It's everywhere, and a massive problem, but even mentioning it makes you immediately into a pedo.   Underage celebrities are constantly being paraded around as sex objects. Even the ones who are supposedly against that whole phenomena are hypocrites - Billie Eilish turned 18 and immediately did a lingerie shot in Vogue or whatever.   Our society is fucking *evil* in the way we treat young girls. Seriously. But you're not allowed to talk about it, because only perverts even think about that stuff. Even if it's blatant and everywhere.
i dont not like many kinks, as long as it isnt shit or vomit i dont really kink shame
I feel it’s one of those things which you’ll know when you are, just make sure you don’t confuse it with initial excitement.
It already exists through things like credit and criminal records. It's just a more in-depth version of that.  To what extent should be considered acceptable depends on what people consider private and personal information.  Basically, it's just another method of making a class system.
Tacos. I think my record is 8 in one sitting.
# Cake
[Give it to me straight, like a pear cider that's made from 100% pears.](https://youtu.be/5KNGDZhoRyA)
Should I go for meeting that girl so that I could have sex. Na uts too boring I dont want to go out.
Does blood count?
Tarantino
It’s offensive that this person related a very personal trauma, citing it as a reason they lost faith, and you immediately said (and I’m paraphrasing), “don’t worry, God’s at the wheel!”
people
Ben affleck
because people can’t see it so they aren’t noticeable
It’s already gone
I think people of color just confused some older people
This world. We know dam well that most kids are little sociopaths before they develop more. The mother should be the one put away, and the kid put with responsible adults.
Career woman vs being a mother
They’d probably just go through withdrawals without knowing why.
Your mo-
Rewatching it on Netflix, it did not age well imo
Reddit is dumb sometimes.  *I love it*  Farts!
 Charil  dameilo like her dances are average at best  alot of people only follow her bc they are simps
Can't guarantee. Those Scots, going comando under their kilts, how could any German music composer resist...
Don't worry about the scabs
I'm laughing a lot more lately. It's cool
Yes please 😂
And with 6 to go you feel so terrible you don’t touch them again for 6 years. At least that’s the cycle I’m on.
Anyone who likes big balls I'd guess, it's kinda a thing with people from Brazil, the Women have big asses and the Men have big dicks, the grass is green and the Ocean is blue, it's pretty much just a cosmic fact from what I can tell
He does have the strongest wand but this doesn‘t make him unbeatable I think
Stop doing new things. You’re only 30, life has just started. Go do stuff you’ve always wanted to do. Take up a new hobby or start learning a foreign language. Live your life to the fullest!
Hey I agree, but I just want to say that I don’t think insulting someone is going to help them change their mind :)
Potstickers. Gonna do that now.
We would all become annoyed at the people that didn't believe it and protested this point.
My uncle was one of these guys in the early 1900s, we still have the monkeys outfits and photos but no organ
Reminds me of the line from Eminem’s song Music Box:   There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains, but the sun is out? The devil's upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out
I would insist that it has to be done naturally, and use that opportunity to get some strange on the side.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pizza 🍕  Chocolate 🍫  Baby carrots 🥕  Tostito chips 🌽
ThE vAgInA iS aCtUaLlY iNsIdE tHe BoDy So ThAt WoUlD bE iMpOsSiBlE  Yeah yeah ok, getting past that very helpful comment...  The women I've asked have all said it's pretty painful. There's a lot of nerves there and only bone behind it - which is itself pretty painful to hit (think shins). The difference though is the pain is entirely localised, like it would be if you were punched in the arm or stubbed your toe. Obviously with us guys the pain quickly travels to the abdomen and stomach area and feels absolutely horrendous, apparently that's unique to us.
That doesn't change what I said at all. Don't hang out with criminals.
Cruising for a bruising - it means if you carry on doing something that you shouldn't be, the person will beat you up. Bruise you.   Example - You poke me, I tell you not to. You do it again, I tell you not to again. You do it a third time, I'll say "you're cruising for a bruising!" meaning if you continue poking me, I'll get aggressive.
Givers and Receivers
https://www.vox.com/2018/12/13/18136253/pewdiepie-vs-tseries-links-to-white-supremacist-alt-right-redpill
Can I have the medium answer?
If you used crack, you were a depraved addict, but if you were rich enough to afford cocaine, you were future president material.
Donuts. And then I regret it afterwards
Amber
I am a native of Lahore, Pakistan. We went on a visit to Saudi Arabia once, I was in the hotel lobby minding my own business, A random person comes to me and says "You are from Lahore?" I said yes and then she's like "Yeah you really look like you are from there"
I started realizing that people keep using it as an excuse to not be successful and just give up.  Me: Why did you drop out college?   Him: God gave me a sign that i should.  Me: Just say it was too hard  In reality, they are just lazy and expect some magic guy in the sky to give them everything.
scrubs
The rug pissers?
Say hello to my little friend.
So you think there’s no corruption?
Roadside vendors' shit food
Yes helium is the main product of nuclear fusion aside of the energy.  I am sure we can collect the gas after it is being created.
Legally?!?,last time I checked my freedom to have a gun doesn't have to be "legal", sounds like bootlicker talk
Nothing can be more bizarre than Joestar family.
Whisker biscuit. Just woke my wife up laughing at that one. That’s awesome.
Yeahhhhh usually I just think of it in terms of a million where I’d have 100,000 for 10 years…..
I’m late to the party here but there have been massive energy shortages in China recently causing the government to cut certain production facilities down to 30% capacity. Part of this is due to a shortage in the work force, but I think it’s part of a larger energy crisis in China.   I hope I’m wrong I think we are approaching an energy crisis that could be a major issue.
I will be glad to refer this great assistance i had from a very reliable source.... I was about to loose everything i worked for all my life..... my ex almost took away everything I worked for all my life. I noticed some strange moved and i have to discuss with my friend she really feel bad for me and wanted to assist me, i was referred to a great help ACYBER710 on the gmail, she was amazing and really assist me get in my ex phone and found out how he has been planning to take everything..... This was a really suck to me and i feel really bad after all i did for us..... Gladly i was bale to safe myself from this horrible relationship and thanks i didn't loose any of my stuff
Liver and onions.
When your top front teeth ache, even just at the thought of them.
Oh yeah sometimes they make nests in the hair idk what to do...
I was right there with you haha....
ThErE aRe MoRe tHaN oNe GenDer
I’m down with that like 5 fat chicks in a Geo with 4 flat tires! (Used to express a great interest in doing an action suggested by someone else)
Swedish (I know the *tiniest* bit since I wanted to learn some a couple years ago, but I still think it counts)
When you feel pain
They're on here **ALL** the time  [I like this chart if you haven't seen it or don't know all the logical fallacies](https://imgur.com/a/aCT5Ymf)
Ofc it do????
Beneficial, well only time will tell. I think I am aging nicely. I do enjoy taking those few minutes to relax and rub my face.
Bubble gum
Uh there was a post about which far cry I'd play and get rid of the rest and I said 3 or 6
There are more nice people, thrrebare methhead weirdos but most of us are normal
You know what I'm going to say.
How small is your mouth?…
“You get drunk so quickly, means you’re really healthy”
This is crazy to me haha. Cool story. I actually went to the rehab that used to be his home in South Shore. Pretty ironic they turned his old pill mill home into a drug rehab. Beautiful place though.
A well aimed toe and enough force. It could be done.
That people younger than me have parents younger than my parents
''You're pretty good''
My wall
hope you won't be too tired midday
You
In the US, some people call convenience stores (particularly independently run/non-chain ones) “Haji Marts”
Tornadoes even though there extremely rare here
Sushi..s?
My cat is so fat
Unless you value your privacy, or want to have a say in who you hang out with.
I guess it's a good thing you weren't falsely accused.  Please stop stalking me. It's very creepy.
Nice try FBI
My mom used to say, "That's mighty white of you." When I was really young, I didn't realize if was racist. Once I understood it, I mentioned it to her. She also stopped.
Those with loaded guns and those who dig.
To touch a girl
Taking your girlfriend to the most expensive places possible.
I've used to care about it and think it's bad. Now, when every big game studio is full of rapists and pedophiles - pirate away. Support indie games, pirate triple AAA filled with MC and online shops.
Paper or plastic.
I would want my organs donated and the rest cremated. At least someone will be getting some use out of them
I will be glad to refer this great assistance i had from a very reliable source.... I was about to loose everything i worked for all my life..... my ex almost took away everything I worked for all my life. I noticed some strange moved and i have to discuss with my friend she really feel bad for me and wanted to assist me, i was referred to a great help ACYBER710 on the gmail, she was amazing and really assist me get in my ex phone and found out how he has been planning to take everything..... This was a really suck to me and i feel really bad after all i did for us..... Gladly i was bale to safe myself from this horrible relationship and thanks i didn't loose any of my stuff
Simpsons
i think for as many obstacles as life has chucked at my face, i’m doing pretty okay for myself. i have bad days but i stay productive and i don’t lose hope and i keep trying to find ways to stay happy.
There's a BUNCH of countries who have never apologized for war crimes and human rights violations, the USA and China both have some apologizing to do for much more recent activities
Dead Prez - Hip Hop
I used to, and still do sometimes, say it to my kid. No actual bruising ever took place. It's my way of warning that he is close to getting in trouble.  I say the phrase and then give him one more warning which drives him crazy because it makes no sense, "you're gellin for a kellen".  He will either roll his eyes or laugh, but the behavior stops.  I also warn him with  "I am going to take away your birthday ".  One day when he was six he replied with "please don't kill me mom!'"... I  was surprised and dismayed that I never picked up on what it meant as I meant it as, no birthday with presents.   For the record, these things were always said humorously and he was made aware no actual bruising or killing would ever take place.
Leave me out of the coyotes.
That’s why I made my comment
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Maybe he’s talking about Jewish American Princesses.
Six sweet cherries.
ain't nothing but a mistake
I take spears, weaponised flies and several Ak 47s. No need to dress warm, the adrenaline rush makes the body hot.
no
I bought myself a harmonica when the pandemic started - absolutely love it. Self taught, not overly musically inclined but it wasn’t too bad and amazingly kinda fun to learn
Shit like this is why I was surprised by my fiancé being excited to plan a wedding.   Have you ever seen a 6'4 dude lose his shit because the ribbons he ordered are the right shade of blue? It's freaking adorable!
No more guns 🔫
Respect 😂
Instigated by propaganda
Not today thank you
Wakanda Forever
Homo homini lupus   The man is a wolf for the man.  Initialy, this meant that mens were mistrustful to each others.
Hangovers were fine when we were young because we didn't have responsibility so we could bag it for the day!
**Theres 2 of us?!!**  Well so much for me being special I guess.
tie it on someones penis and the other end on a some really hot scalding rod or pole that is bendable. So if they try to escape they risk getting their goods burnt
Ohh come onn, they're only bad between 4am-12:15pm
In kazakhstan we say "Get the f*ck inside there is a storm"
THIS. My principal does the same shit, and then also decides to send us paperwork/federal funding stuff that was/is due and expects me to finish his stuff already on a very short deadline because he didn't read the "very important message". Drives me up the wall.
Didn't even like the first round. Couldn't follow it and quickly lost interest.
I'm telling a joke from Catch me if you can.   \- Well, would you like to hear me tell a joke?   \-Yeah. Yeah, we'd love to hear a joke from you.   \-Knock knock   \-Who's there?   \-Go f\*\*\* yourselves
my wife says this too
Swiss rolls
Still have to wait some hours untill I can go back to the ap and continue Witcher 3
I once couldn’t read my mother’s handwriting as a child and on the grocery list, she wrote grapes in cursive and I pronounced it as “graps” and it’s been an inside joke ever since. I love me some graps.
Better for who? Food producers, big tech, animals, us or profit? If it is for good then why are proven alternatives not being pushed?  Also who knows what it will do... thicker skin on toms tomorrow could equal harder to digest which could cause all kinds of bowel problems later... I am NOT saying this is a fact!!! But without proper research and transparency how do we know?
Hmm this is an interesting one. You do have a point - I’ll give you that. But imo why I disagree with this comparison, is that there’s a high level of social responsibility associated with vaccines.  It’s similar to antibiotics - where if everyone started taking them when not needed, we would grossly accelerate the evolution of superbugs. This threatens our society’s ability to use life-saving antibiotics in the future. There’s a global responsibility here.  Similarly, with the vaccine, if you’re able-bodied and refuse to take a well-tested vaccine because a few people had severe immune reactions (which carries a 10x stronger risk with the virus itself btw), you are part of the group of people putting society as a whole at risk. Particularly those who can’t take the vaccine due to known allergic reactions. It goes way beyond one pre-human ‘life’.  Plus, while some scientists think on the contrary, there are growing concerns that incomplete take-up of the vaccines may lead to a superbug situation similar to the antibiotics scenario
Dead on the toilet from terminal diarrhea.
Hah. There are those who say that adult women could not give consent to a slightly popular (at the time) comedian who asked permission to spank off in front of them because supposedly he held a tiny amount of sway in the comedy circuit. But if you ask them if that logic means that the thousand-times greater president - intern power dynamic makes Bill Clinton a rapist, then the conversation is over.
no?
Calamari
"You binge eat because you're trying to push your feelings back down your throat, but what feeling is it that you're trying to push away?"
One at a time to savour it for as long as possible
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pretty much everything I was a paranoid child
You wanna know whats true evil? Your name has now been burned into my brain, everytime i will take a piss i will have a mental image of a woman stealing and  drinking my piss. I will eventually die from a kidney stone because i will never be able to piss again. Are you happy? Is this enjoyable? If yes then THAT is true evil
Trans women are ugly, and absolutely zero knowledge of ftm’s existence, cause trans are only women, and they look like males, blatantly, the voice and so on.
I did test drive one when it first came out.
I want to quit my job. I'll be better than now in almost any other hospital. Fuck em all.
your right
Yawn.
While Getting the grocery from market
So trump not taking a salary excuses all of his other failings? Lol
What about fezzes
I'm not minimising that, but to claim it's only the problem of one group is precisely the kind of thinking that leads to the topic of this thread.
Sat behind them in class, heard them blaring music in their headphones I liked. Waited a few weeks and eventually asked them if it was the band I thought it was. It was and she started sitting next to me after. Months of friendship later and we went to a fair and awkwardly walked around for a few hours.   Didn't think I'd get a second date, but a week later she asked if she could come over. I said yes, we watched netflix for an hour then fucked. Then we made it official right after.  &#x200B;  Truly a love story of the generation. But it worked out well in the end, we are coming up on our 2 year anniversary.
Advocating for the legality of killing a baby is so open-minded lmao
I’m years away from kids (not even married)  but I could see myself being the dad in this situation just because my job gives me a decent amount of flexibility with hours.
Scared, Potter?
A fork and knife
Ability to share with anyone  Or   Ability to share immediately with one person that you KNOW will get it.
Slices of Pizza
I didn't plan before and I'm not planning after this, but I don't even meet with people more than once a week, and that is with the cashier, behind two masks, desinfectants and a glass panel(I doubt that it's doing anything practical, since the masks already stop the sneezes.).  So far, many acquaintances got infected, and the ones with vaccines found out rather late, which caused them to infect others, ironically.  Everyone has an opinion, that's mine.
It's outdated and kind of offensive in the US. I don't think that's true in all English speaking countries.
because it's a common thing
That's not what I meant.
Using this one on my very wild/hyper son.
Oh like literally nothing? Barbie censorship?
I hope you got out of your depression :)
So you support it?
Plugging a hole.
Omg I'm screaming lmfaooo
I think oriental is fine when referring to an object, for example “oriental rug”. But not when referring to people…
The old "womens napkins" dispenser in the post above this one.
You're wrong.  There's three.  Dicks, Pussies, and Assholes.
So polite and cute.
Im just saying that we care TOO much about us humans, giving far future life a challenge
Not OP, but I grew up in New York State. Until the late 1980s, the pulling your eyes thing when referring to Asian people was common everywhere. I heard the loose sphincter thing during this time as well.   I now live in rural Nebraska. In 2010, I was working as a teacher's aide in the local school district. The history teacher told the class that the best and most inspiring job a woman can have is being a wife and a mother. I fucking cringed.  In 2015, my British mother-in-law told me "I knew a colored lady once. She was a lawyer. She did real good for herself." I left the room and let my husband deal with her. A few days later, my sister-in-law said the tailor had messed up fixing her pants but that, "the business is owned by coloreds so what can you expect?" I turned to my husband and asked him how he turned out normal. He said he spent a lot of time watching the news and reading newspapers at the library as a kid.
yeah I believe there are lots of good women, I have some really good friends but opening up to them too much made them change their behavior and lose interest in me even as a friend
Depression is never pathetic. Just seek help for it if it's real. If it's just what you call being sad and needing attention, then boohoo.
Totally read this in Homer Simpson voice.
Bart Simpson?
Probably the way democracy works in the US vs some other countries. In the Netherlands for example it's relatively easy to start a political party and we don't have constituencies where only the biggest party gets a seat in the house of representatives or senate for example. If 10% of the people (evenly spread out across every town/city) vote for a political party then they will get 10% of the seats. Because of that we have a sh\*tton of parties, we don't have to pick the lesser of 2-4 evils and parties or companies can't push a politician as much. If you screw up you'll get less votes and are in trouble (we have some parties who over 70% of their seats over the last 10 years). A good politician can survive for decades but if you screw up you are out.
Yeah, don't be a quitter!
“The Boy in the Striped Pajamas”.
It’s describing your shape, slumped with your legs spread “like forked lightning”
Because in western society I see rich people breaking the law all the time and not caring because they can deal with the small fines they have to pay.  Taking away their access to first class trains, business class in planes and the ability to invest in stocks rather than just letting them pay a fine seems amazing.  [Ian Goodrum wrote an article about it.](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/975536363364696064.html)
Whiplash
People have complimented my dog's bladder size multiple times.
It may be short but at least it's skinny!
Aliens probably
Type A, and Type B.
No, they both should be congratulated, they both scored.
Have a 29th birthday
Bruh I'm literally neurodivergent. I take the context of what people say, nothing else
i was a duck, speaking quack(?) and while I was communicating with other ducks I had subtitles   I cannot make this up IT WAS SO FUNNY LMAOO
I live in Australia so Halloween is basically nothing over here
Slices of pizza
Like a skort. Skirt -short.
The military spending is a funky deal. If we reduce military spending, we essentially weaken NATO. The NATO agreement is 2% of your GDP spent on military, and we’re at about 4%, but there’s around 30 countries in NATO, and only about 8 maintain their militaries the way they agreed to. NATO sole purpose is to deter countries like Russia from pulling some Crimea shit on the group, or China doing a South China Sea/Hong Kong/Taiwan.   I really believe that if the other other countries stepped up, we could reduce it. Sadly, without them pulling their own weight, and countries that are proving themselves to be hostile dicks, we can’t without putting the world at risk.
When I was in 7th grade, I was reading a book during recess. Minding my own business, not cause any issues. Well, that didn't stop this one kid from smashing a brick in the back of my head.   I ended up in the hospital for weeks recovering from that. Yet when it was time for me to go back to school, not only was the kid still there but I was put into detention for 'causing a ruckus in the schoolyard'. I was written up and put in detention for 2 months for getting hit in the head with a brick. But the other kid? Not even a day.  Zero Tolerance doesn't work. If it did, our positions after the event would have been reversed.   'He only did that because he likes you' Yes, nothing says 'I like you' better than potential brain damage.
Meh.
Thank you sir
6 pizza slices from pizza hut large. 6 small fries from mcdonald. 6 small potato chip bag.
Give someone a hand shake
What?
Cuz I’m an idiot.
What is a nurse’s favorite color?
Times are tough, so why not
I'm from Spain and I'd swear it's the other way around. On the (usually rare) occasion a worker is rude to you, you can pretty much expect he's not going to get fired. In fact I'd say nobody even thinks of getting a rude worker fired. It's just not considered that important.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Skateboard
Well you snowz you lose
Birds aren’t real.
I'm in front of a mirror... This got dark real quick
We both know that any thread that requires actual critical thinking skills forces your deeply conditioned brain to panic and resort to the naming of Americas currently trending controversial celebrities.
Cadbury mini rolls. Nom.
The disabled pug of vehicles.
Bananas. Yes I am a filthy glutton.
Blocks of halloumi cheese
Gyoza
Shrimp. I can eat 6 shrimp pretty easily
I heard this from my grandma in the UK
Gatekeeping in music is just as rampant now, check music subs like hiphopheads or music
Do you mean vulva? Unless you mean a kick so hard the foot literally is inserted into the vagina?
Team steamed!
Yeah, it had reached that point by the time I was in college, in the early nineties. I can't imagine how many panels there are now.
Those who do, and those who don't.
Airplane (1980). Still hilarious to this day.
I've never heard those, but I'm going to start using both of those! Crusin for a bruising & tap dancing on a landmine sound like something you would hear in a wrestling promo  John Cena you're causing for a bruising!  Hulk hogan you're tap dancing on a landmine and you don't even know it!
I start work next year as a nanotechnology engineer.
those who think there are two types of people in th world, and ..........................
Dead and alive
My dad said that it is a monkeys birthday.
Surgery. Do I have to explain?
I had a really hard time spending the night at another person's house when I asked for the "couch potato." Thanks for that mom.
Those that have a penis and those that don’t
Get the soy sauce!
I'm still not sure lol
That took an unexpected turn...
One Piece
Trying to make reality fiction?
Spiders (while I sleep)
>"If only we could get rid of all those Trump voters this country would be paradise". The irony of your position is lost on you.  Who you quoting there? Are you... making up my position by putting words in my mouth? So your strategy here is to build a strawman, pretend I built it, and then cut it down in order to come out on top of a disagreement? Cool.  >No such thing as left wing violence of course.  You must also be one of those people that can't understand that even though women rapists exist, that most rapes are caused by men. The vast majority of rapes are caused by men. So you won't entertain a conversation about addressing the issue of men raping men and men raping women. "No such thing as women raping of course."  Again, you're part of the problem. You can't be honest about what is going on, and you get lost in a slow tangle of whataboutism instead of making time to problem solve actual issues.
I'm British and I've gone from vaguely supporting them as a child, to a long term indifference, to being in favour of abolishing them.
Do you mean because of covid, or generally?
> not affected by getting hit down there  Are you not affected by someone kicking a part of your body?!   It hurts to get kicked anywhere.
Those who love Jeffrey Damar and those he ate
There's a retired NFL player that has a really nice property on like 100+ acres about a mile from my current house. There
Green olives. That's about how many come in those little snack packs, but when you read the label, it says each little snack pack container is three servings. WTF! Who eats two olives?
A galaxy
Bought some good comfortable shoes for the first time!
Stayin' Alive by the Bee Gees
Oh well - now I feel really old - U.K. F 48 (ASL)
Lil Dicky - save that money
Good to hear, I thought they were overwhelmed at the moment
www.hellobc.com  Ride the Rocky Mountaineer train  Golf in the city, ski on the local mountains; Whale watching tours  American $$$ is worth 25% MORE up here
With 10 cm???  You could barely cut off circulation to a couple fingers.  You're not getting that around a neck.
I’m uncircumcised, and I think circumcising baby boys is just evil, like, it’s not exactly difficult to keep it clean, so why not just wait ‘till they can decide they don’t want it?
*Excuse me while I whip this out.*
I sometimes wonder how my deceased father would think of me. He died of cancer when I was 12. I also wonder what my narcissistic stepfather truly thinks of me. But I'll probably never know since I'm done with him, I've cut all ties to him.  I doesn't affect my life directly and I don't wonder about it regularly. But I guess I have to confess to myself that deep down I would like to have a decent father figure in my life.
Financial support, self doubt, parents who does not believe there own child and constantly comparing me with my cousins.
I'm convinced this car was just ahead of it time. My dream is to make one into a sleeper.
TIL! Turns out its both the ekidna and platypus
Idiot’s Guide to pretty much anything.
If God loved liars,he’d done squeezed your ass to death…
based
“Why so serious?” - Joker
How would you feel about me secksing your mom
Toss up.
I agree, that part seems so odd. It's to show they were thrown off the trail because Chris (Robin) was mentally focused on Ian (cuba) instead of his wife. This lead them to the wrong place. Cuba didn't know that, so he was ready to dive in.
Humanity consumes .79 percent of earths 1 rice
My granny when she was a kid saw the body of a young kid who'd been run over. Her dad went out and covered the body with a sheet. Another time a girl was holding on to the back of a truck or something on a skateboard. The Skateboard fell and the girl was dragged along the road wearing a skirt. All her skin along the legs and knees were torn off.   She also saw a dead body at the bottom of the street when she was young. It was a man killed by the IRA as they thought he was an informer. My father as a kid also saw a hand amongst the rubble of a building a bomb had blown up. Also a man who'd been tortured to death was dumped outside his back garden. Northern Ireland was a crazy place during the Troubles
Damn, beat me to it.
Pussy  I know stupid answer but its true
Man that sounds pretty lucky, and as much as this is taking off I wonder if people would want to hear about my other shit show work experiences.
Adora from She-ra. Like if she had gone back to the horde after getting the sword, she would've beaten the shit out of the rest of the planet.
I don't like most feminist views, they all seem radical in 2021
Givers and Takers
It kind of is the end of the discussion. Driving is easy to test. Being allowed to vote, not so much? What's the criteria? And I guarantee, whatever criteria it is, would be a slippery slope to "ban" more people from voting.
[Sledgehammer by Savant](https://youtu.be/JawRInQ-0fw)
losing someone
I read Foundation again recently.  Set 20,000 years in the future.  There's a lame-brained, weak-willed mayor, whose lack of spirit is driven home by the fact that *he doesn't smoke*.    At this point though I'm convinced alcohol and coffee will be minor things in 100 years.
Doesn't change the fact that we've already brought about an extinction event. We've already doomed an absurd amount of species. I'm optimistic, but people need to be realistic about the scale of the tragedy that has already occurred
The pro Kony crowd (well you know what I mean) wanted to go to war to bring him to justice. The anti Kony crowd still remembered Iraq and Afghanistan and did not want that to happen again so it fizzled out due to lack of support.
i stopped last year when i was 16 (reason - covid)
Don't rush off. Here's your hat.
Tell me why!
I wish evangelical Christians agreed
You can do it this time....I believe in you!
Resident Evil
Again, it's a disingenious argument- you always put the most extreme example to justify the vast majority of abortion, which are performed out of selfishness and laziness
Myself. I would tell him that I'm sorry for all the misery that will come along the way.
None of the above but I had to call a computer expert when I got a virus on my computer.  To this day I don't know how I ended up with it but basically  the virus was filling my computer's memory with porn.  Of the worst kind.  Truly sick stuff including child porn - the guy showed me a few snippets of videos as he explained what the virus was doing.  I told him he could destroy the computer if he wanted as I didn't want any of that anywhere near me but he managed to fix it.  I never felt comfortable with the computer after that and when I needed a new one a few years later I took a sledgehammer to it.
i don't  simply hate it
Taco chips.  Proper ones, with mince.
Shit kickers are cockroach killers.
You've never tried to purchase a gun legally in the US have you.
Oh I love it.
Lmao!!!😂😂😂🤫
Not an A or even B list celeb, but either of the Green brothers (John Green and Hank Green).
Having a loud deep voice. A few of my teachers were neurotypical ig. They wouldn't let me speak because my voice was "too ugly" for that. Because of that, I grew insecure of my voice.    It's nothing I could control. I am a guy, it's not my fault that I have a deep voice.
Can’t Stop - RHCP
depends on the intensity of what i’m watching lol
Does this look infected to you?
3130 upmanship
If by "you" you mean I am suggesting this is the case for everyone, then no.
Everyone here talking about genocides, and I just wanted to say that 2000s hair and fashion were dogshit
eat
I like it!
This is such a load of buil shit.  America (for example) are full of people _still_ observing traditions based on where in Europe their great great grand parents emigrated from.   Observing Moroccan traditions when being of Moroccan decent is no different.
Play it cool, play it cool. Here come the space cops! Here come the space cops. How many space cops? Space cops help!
Rogan.  Intensely scrutinizes a scientist on his platform and challenges their views but just sits and listens patiently to science deniers.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Cripes all friday
No one knew back then. It was impossible to know. Period.
The Sanitation dept
It was very easy to clean out. A hose and a leaf blower make quick work of any mess.
Nice improvement bro. I still can't answer this question that wisely.
I am going to message you privately. I may have an opportunity to help with his distribution if he wants to try to get his candy maybe throughout the state, or more, at an up and coming retailer.
A few politicians from my country
Remove headphones, stay in well lit paths, check my 6, headcount anyone in area, identify exit paths
I live In Canada and we're not allowed guns. Knives however at least where I live are not illegal to have on you if you have it in sight. So I carry a large knife with me at all times everywhere I go.   If a cop stops you and asks why you have it and if you say for protection you'll go to jail. But if you say it's a tool nothing more, nothing less they leave you alone!
during.
I wanna preface this with I've never ever had sex before in my life. When I was a teenager I got warts all over my hands and they wouldn't go away until a little after high school. Somehow during the time I had them they spread to my genitals but they too went away just like the ones on my hands. Every time my immune system goes down now I get a wart somewhere on my body whether it be on my dick or on my hands but somewhere one pops up. They usually go away on their own after a month or two but it's really really damaged me mentally and I'm scared to even have the slightest sexual encounter with a woman. I don't want to pass this on to a woman because I know it can mean cancer from HPV for them whereas guys it's more just cosmetically not attractive and doesn't really cause many problems. I'm scared to even touch or kiss a girl even though I like her because I don't wanna curse her with this shit and hurt her. It's damaged me a lot especially the fact that I didn't even contract it sexually. I had never ever had a sexual experience before when I first got the warts. I've had one or two since but I was extremely careful and there was absolutely no penetration whatsoever.
Corn hole  Dodgeball (would love to see this one lol)  Hop-Stotch  Jacks  Jenga, maybe  Rock, Paper, Scissors?  Beer pong
I only rang a doorbell and made a phonecall. Getting out of a bad relationship is like getting sober, no one else can do it for you. I was actually ready to fight him when he opened the door, because i assumed he was the one beating her – partly because of my prejudice, and partly because I only heard her screaming, in between stuff getting smashed into the walls.
Stranded Deep
Fair play! I'm a Brandy man myself.
Twice I've been a passenger in aircraft that within two weeks went in, nose first. Nothing like the safety of flying in Africa.  On the morning that MH17 was shot down I was a passenger in another aircraft following the same airway the opposite direction 3-4 hours earlier. I'm happy the morons decided to sleep in.  I've posted these two before, and I always conclude the same way: life is a collection of random acts, you never know when your number is up. Make sure you use your life enough that feel you have accomplished something to be proud of with the time given to you.
yeah, i 100% get it and never do it.  usually being in the south people stop on yellow's and assume you can go on a stale yellow but this light last maybe 5 seconds so the turn lane people go all the time and i've seen numerous wrecks at this light.
Dodgeball
Yeah me too along with the cabal. Lifes a joke to us while we pretend to be serious and care, but it is out of self defense.
That episodes called Twenty Two. “Room for one more, honey.”
Double standards
Restless Leg Syndrome
He’s just impossible to work with.  Can’t understand even the simplest commands.  I don’t think there’s any light on the upper floor.
I had a terrible sleep pattern in a hospital in Edinburg (I’m from Dundee, so a good distance away from home). Due to the stress of having leukaemia, watching my parents stress over me, worrying about whether or not I would make it through the night, etc. All of this made me refuse to fall asleep. One night while I was Lying on my back, I couldn’t move, and I saw a figure looking over me in the corner, and an even closer figure looking at me through the window that goes onto the ward. I was petrified. I thought “maybe it’s just one of the staff”. I checked with the nurses, doctors, etc and they said they only checked up on me every few hours and the time I estimated they weren’t there.
and the winner is!
If you presoak the ingredients, you get that stronger taste on the first go.
Are you a Person of color? Because otherwise you're just engaging in dog whistle racism and quoting conservative pundits right now man. In colorado in particular, a bill was passed that would lead to prosecution for any officer who tampers with evidence, who fails to activate audio and video recording on body cams and dash cams when initiating contact with a suspect, and holds police to a higher standard than the general public, and those all occurred on conjuction with BLM and justice reform protests. So honestly man, you should really just listen to what People of color want, and not blame an organization that has, like many political movements, been mischaracterized by many media outlets, and been hijacked by extremists, because at a certain point people get tired of being told no. If you don't believe in systemic racism, please Google the first law enforcement agencies to exist in the country, because they were Marshalls tasked with catching runaway slaves. Next far right talking point please.
Oversized trucks and muscle cars. . .
I'm not 18 so seeing pictures of my penis...yet it happens.
incels/misogynists
I saw a picture of some guy who held fireworks and his hand got completely destroyed. His fingers were all bent in random directions loosely, his palm was covered in blood, and his nails all fell off.
My family and I were on the coast of southern Sri Lanka when the tsunami of 2006 happened. I am an avid swimmer and was in the water every morning before but not that day. According to my aunt, we got into our taxi van and left about 10min before the Tsunami came in - we stopped in town and checked out our driver’s house, the 1950's car his dad saved money to buy to become a taxi driver and provide for his family. Then headed inland to the elephants and tea plantations.  The radio cut out and eventually the driver found another station, then that cut out, and the next few stations were nothing but news (spoken in local language) and we couldn't understand.  Then the driver tried explaining to us that a river overflowed and there was a lot of damage... but he was explaining what the news was saying. It got more and more chaotic after that because NONE OF THE LOCALS knew what a tsunami was, so no one could explain or comprehend the situation.  100's of miles of coastline, gone.  All the places I had visited 3 days ago, gone. My drivers house, car, everything, gone. I travel with a hand-held world radio so once I fished that out of my bag, we found an English news station and that's when it got real.  That night we listened to the news updates and the body count just kept going up and up and up.  We were lucky.  When we eventually made it to the airport, we saw a total mess. So many injured, nowhere to go, flights all booked, cancelled, and just so many people.  My brother suffered PTSD from processing all of the devastation we had avoided... survivors guilt they call it.  It messed me up too as it's very hard to write this but cathartic at the same time.  Thanks for allowing me to share.
That must be a lonely hill…
Dm me if you're still wanting to know good ways to promote your OF
Buy they are so stinkin' cute.
A girl with trust issues...not like normal ones, but delusional psychotic issues.
More lies:  the check is in the mail  I won't cum in your mouth
Not the food on the dish, I meant the dish itself.
Meeting the president
Playing music loud in your car with the windows down
is it used today?
Pretty much this. So long as they're good people and they make my child happy I've no issues with it.
Coffee
Getting sexually assaulted
The overall pink and purple dominance is disappointing but the sets are interesting. Overall I like the greater range of color selection in their products, just ticks me off that the "girl" sets use pink/purple/teal so heavily  Changing the look of the minifigs was pointless. Some comic did a bit about making LEGO for girls and the woman on the team points out you can just put a ponytail hair on the minifig. Not all girls have to have lipstick and lashes.
I was 18 when I graduated high school so I got to sign out to myself my own "permanence record".  Whilst some of it was interesting, none of it ended up permanent.
It looks a lot like this but in better shape  https://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/pF8AAOSwSMRgMZrB/s-l300.jpg
This will pass. It takes time but it will pass. At some point you will even have forgotten the anger and she is an anecdote.  That is not now. And this is not comfort now. But it will pass. So when the time comes, let it pass.  Do not hang onto anger.
What a coincidence. Me too.
Matches from the Circus Circus casino circus.
Holy shit I thought I was the only one banned from r/food because of a fairly innocuous comment about grilled cheeses I once made.  There are dozens of us...DOZENS!!!
Stealing one trillion dollars.
Skyrim
The CIA basically inventing crack and introducing it into the American ghettos to finance black ops selling weapons to "the enemy" while simultaneously starting "the way on drugs"...
Damn
Wearing that brand *PINK*
I used to feel really off leaving a crust because it felt like wasting food and not very toppings to dough proportionate so I started taking a bottom center bite then a crust bite. Now when I eat my pizza it's center, crust, center, crust and then when the top of the crust is gone I eat the rest of the slice where the crust and center meet and have a clean conscious.  My family is just used to me eating things weird so they don't care but my SO thinks it's weird and watches.
Buy 2 packs of smokes
He won't pop the question, eh?
A woman who just had a baby
Actually… It kind of does. No offense of course and I’m not trying to pick a fight. But I would much rather discuss music with somebody like Dave Grohl, Yo-Yo Ma, or classical music conductor, than a 13-year-old girl that loves Ariana Grande. Your taste in music does define your sophistication. It simply does. I’m not saying everybody should go around listening to Dream Theater, or “good music“ I’m just saying be self-aware and know that a piece of shit band like creed, will never ever ever ever ever come anywhere close to how good the band Nirvana was, or motley Crue, or the Eagles… I’m just pulling out stuff off the top of my head. But let’s not fool ourselves here.
Teen years, I developed voices in my head but at least they were friends to talk to.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5mI407Uks4 SFW clip
Sillybandz or however you spell them, I remember kids at my school going crazy for them
I met someone with prosopagnosia.  It was really interesting to hear how about how he navigated the world. He moved to a itty bitty teenie tiny town in West Texas so he would literally know everyone in town and identifies people by their bodies/hair.  He said it really fucks him up when his friends get haircuts!
About 30,000 words a second
Glad you survived, and don't feel guilt.  Coworker of my MIL was "OK to drive" and ended up running a red light and killing 3 people, served 15 years for DUI Manslaughter.  If there's any doubt in your mind whatsoever, call an Uber.
I would be ecstatic if I got tipped, if I worked in the food industry. Remember that picture of a sign that essentially said that they don't pay their workers and it's up to us to pay them?
People who slightly alter previously posted top-posts! 
lmao! my grandpa was in the korean war as well - wonder if i’ll get any surprise aunts and uncles on ancestry dna someday
Calling people on the phone
Agreed
What a terrible way to go.
I live in Baltimore.  You either keep your head on a swivel, walk in the middle of the street if possible, or don't.   I didn't have a vehicle over 20 yrs ago and had to catch a bus to work early AM.  I was shot one morning standing on a bus stop and then running from an attempted armed robbery.  Ended up only going through my leg just below my knee, missed bone but took out an artery and nerves.  I was fortunate, could have been a lot worse but still deal with pain and numbness in that leg.  I drive now and have at odd ball hours as a courier for the last 18 years.  That's a whole different issue.  In this city especially, keep your eyes open for car jackers.  Fortunately, I live in the county outside of the city and most of my drives are long distance highway stuff.  I really have no reason to go downtown much less walk down there at night.  Just be careful man and always know what is going on around you.
I just want Bezos to pay his fair share of taxes. That's it, that's my problem with Bezos.   Now Elon Musk is trash. He tried to help over throw a country for his batteries and he didn't invent anything. His Daddy bought his position in Space Ex. He's not even that  smart.
Mayo. Get that gross shit the fuck away from my sandwich. Mustard is the way.
That’s facts
it's a small leather bound book of slave songs. All it says on the cover is "Negro Song Book".. I inherited it and it's gotta be from the 1800's
Being obsessed with wealth or fame.
Shotgun
waitz hold up... are you me?
"I thought you drank too!"  "Yeah, like, cool drinking, like sexy drinking, not this psycho trailer park shit!"
When I hear small dick energy
John Smith in The Man in the High Castle.
Maybe it's a saturation thing?  Like, I acknowledge that The Eagles are a good band but if I ever have to sit and listen to Hotel California all the way through ever again, I might just black out and kill someone or something.  I've been on this earth for nearly 40 years, and for every single one of them, that song has popped up on the radio daily.  I was probably sick of that song before I could even walk, and yet to this very day I can't skip through the radio stations without hearing it.
What's best for you, may not have been his, and/or she may not have been best yet for either one of you during that time. One man's trash is another man's treasure really works here as well as eye of the beholder. But damn, congrats on getting that timing down
Karl Marx
If you are gonna be making a good amount of money to spent and time left after work to have fun and explore, then its a lot of fun!
That was my point
Snapping turtles.  Ugly, mean and dangerous.
Fuck yeah. That was a good night
BBQ and I am from Texas via Alabama and black. Even white people are shocked that I despise BBQ
Thanks for the perfect example of small dick energy
Yea Capitalism does that
Hahaha
Girlfriends bum whilst she walks, and bras
Yall know those big gym mattrasses right? Ye one of those almost fell on my head when I was 8-9 I was having PE and I was just chilling and then I heard “LOOK OUT” and *screams in the background* of girls in mah class and I turned around and a BIG ASS GYM MATTRASS (and I mean big) fell right infront of my feat like if I was one step to slow it would have fell on my head and it would probably have cracked my neck
Joker hands down.
a melt is a grilled cheese that has anything on it other than spread, cheese and bread. If you put bacon on your grilled cheese its a bacon melt.
His mom
Weigh myself when I know I haven’t been eating well
Mini bongos
I'm a small guy, 5'6 <130lb I seem even smaller because I look like I'm swimming in the clothes I wear. I walk leisurely, probably look like I'm not paying attention sometimes. But I know that as long as I'm aware, I'm able to outrun 90% of people who will bother me.
The joke I tell my closest friends IRL is that I'm fueled by pure spite and the desire to make it big as payback for how shite my upbringing was. xD
Wut
We had a very healthy sex life.
Sticking a gun in their mouth.
Not being able to admit to your own mistakes.   Thinking everyone else is the cause of all your problems.  Moderators who ban/mute rather than moderate discussion.
Just sit down and see how long I can collect a paycheck from crazy town. You don't know it could go on for years.
Insects
there's one energy drink I like, V8 energy. it's really good, tastes like fruit, not carbonated so you don't taste tv static. unfortunately with these shortages it's impossible to find now
"I'm a petulant child that can't control his emotions and will lash out in temper tantrums like a toddler....but I go to the gym!"
Reality
Not getting molested by a priest
I was diagnosed with Grave’s disease as well. It was absolutely insane. Losing my mind was the most uncomfortable thing I ever went through. It slowly got worst and worst and worst.  Is it a thyroid cancer? My scans came back and the nodes shrunk with the medicine, so not cancerous in my case.  This was a blessing in disguise, I used to be a fond believer of mind over matter and that people don’t need medicine for mental health. But then life slapped me across the face and made me realize that some people really do need medication because of some chemical imbalance. Definitely an advocate for mental health awareness, and thyroid disease.
He can't get me pregnant
Calling yourself an alpha.
Feminists aren’t “decent people” they’re sexists
I'll break from the trend of talking about exes  My old job  Right before covid hit, I got a job through a temp agency working at a rite aid distribution warehouse. It was backbreaking work, but it put a little cash in my bank account and that was good enough for me because I was desperate. I ended up not being retained for a permanent position, but it was actually a good thing. I was working in winter. I found out that the summer that followed brought along some issues that I thankfully wasn't there to deal with. See, I love in the Mojave desert, where during some of the hotter months it's odd to see a daily high temperature of below 100 degrees. Apperently, the warehouse doesn't have FUCKING air conditioning. I shit you not it's just a few fans here and there to cool the employees off. Evidently my old warehouse and a few others throughout the region had multiple people fall ill due to heat exhaustion, and one person actually needed medical attention and IV fluids.  TLDR: was sad over losing a job, now happy that I did because they have inhumane working conditions that I only recently became aware of.
Stick of dynamite
Keep in mind you are reading a thread bout the worst of the worst.  It's going to be all negative.  Don't let this affect your dating life.  Yes, some crazy people do be out there but there are a ton of good people too, it's just not that great of a read.
“That’s okay, I love you enough for the both of us”
I haven't really had any physical affection since I was a kid, other than the occasional familial hug, no relationships to speak of. Then at one point my manager's girlfriend put her arm around me platonically, and it just skeeved me the fuck out. Like, I literally recoiled because my physical reaction (nothing inappropriate, more of a fight or flight type of response) was just so intense that it was uncomfortable.  She thought it was funny, and chased me around a bit trying to give me a hug after that. That was around 10 years ago, I can't even imagine how I'd react now if someone I was interested in tried to touch or hug me.
No, if you keep your attention on driving, it will not happen. It happens only one of two ways: deliberately, or if you aren't paying attention to driving while behind the wheel. Neither are in any way acceptable or inevitable.
Frauds do
The Bitch Is Back  Strokin'  Baby shark do do do do do do
USA.
Fucking excellent
Nah his name began with a J
Pick up a hobby
ok
People who are bad drivers rarely know they are the bad drivers. Why shouldn’t it take 15 minutes and 23 point maneuvers for anyone to back into a space right? Everyone else can wait.
Pushing string.
Walk around with a printout of salaried management’s pay and bonuses sheet and a stack of union sign up cards.  I work at a hospital. Most employees reaction to chaos is by the book and unchaotic. But everybody is already mad about pay.
On a rainy and windy night, I parked in my usual spot. Got out of the car and looked up at the hundreds of feet tall redwood trees swaying in the wind. They had stood there forever, certainly through storms far worse than this.  Something told me to move my car, and I listened to it. I literally just moved it to the other side of the street and parked it. As I got out of the car, a massive 40 foot section of one of the trees cracked off and crashed to the ground right where I had been parked. I felt the ground shake. I’ll never forget it.  Listen to that little voice inside your head.
An oldie, but I still love *The Opening of Misty Beethoven*.  The appeal will depend on whether it matches your sense of humor.
Blue. Maths was always blue. English was green and German was red.
My Python scripts also die after getting respiratory infections.
,,|,.  If you cant understand that music is one of the most divisive things and you can bet there are at least one person on the planet who hates that song, i think you should shut up
The cheek on my chong
Nah, I just get motion sickness really easily when the visuals and my inner ear don't match. That's why I cant play normal first person video games but vr games arw fine.
too much.
Nonexistent.  It's not that girls don't/didn't play games, but it really wasn't something that would have survived if they had targeted girls.
MGK is not good.
How do you know how simple and slow the scooter was?  Either way, still against the law.   Why would 2 hours be likely that his BAC had fallen? We don't know if he continued drinking or how drunk he was. We do know he was too drunk to drive initially.
Summertime and high temperatures
A bunch of human children with Determination
I agree with you, but for the sake of sparking arguments I'm going to maintain that everything I don't love is bad.
I don't know why I read constipation and it was very funny to me.
Who not would make a shorter list
It's laughable that in the 21st century there are **developed** countries that still don't have safe tap water available everywhere.  I couldn't imagine dealing with that shit.
i went through this, but it was more than texts for my husband.  we reconciled, and here we are almost 2 years later.  he thinks the relationship is better than ever and i wish i could go back in time and just divorce him when i found out.  i lost a piece of my soul trying to forgive him.  it wasn’t worth it.  and you will never trust them again.  you will never respect them again.  it’s not worth it.
I was playing mw2 and I left the game after the enemy team called in a nuke
Dr. Pepper is so fucking gross and I have no clue how people drink it. Same with Root Beer
He asked for small dick energy not micro penis energy
Women?
Resurection by erection
I've seen a couple other good answers in this topic, but "every Terminator after the second" is what immediately jumped into my mind as soon as I read the question, too.
Giant trucks for no logical reason.
Depends how long the recording is and how many frames per second it is.
I don't take any...  People tend to cross the road when we walk towards each other. I'm not remotely any good at fighting or protecting myself but apparently being 1,80m tall takes care of that
A wooden spear
what’s your fave recipe from it?
I did something similar, but to a lesser degree.   I used to be a phlebotomist in a primary care office but quit to work for a former professor in his research lab as a tech. I got about 3mo into my training (just enough to be comfortable using all the devices and running experiments), when COVID hit and all the faculty and students were forced off campus. I kinda skirted under the rules because I was "just a tech" and got to run basically all our experiments for over 4mo.
And then he tailgates you when you're already going 10 over in the non-passing lane
Huh?
Coffee, wine.  I never developed my adult taste budds
Minecraft went from universal success to memed on game that only little kids played to mostly loved again and now it’s loved by some and hated by the people that hate dream stans
There's *so* much more nuance than a lot of people (generally) know or understand.     The quick overview -    Until maybe late 50s, Deaf schools were treated much like asylums (in the US). It was very much about trying to integrate via lip reading, oral schools, and denial of *self* by "ignoring" the Deafness.     Deaf clubs and other communal spaces were one of the sole sources of any kind of community/culture - there's deaf folks in their 40s and 50s that know about *so and so,* where they graduated, what school they went to, etc., because of how close knit the community *can* be. (Restricting myself from saying *is,* as any larger group will tend to ostracize *someone,* intentionally or not.)     The language and culture started making more headway as video products, closed captioning, and ADA introductions provided equitable access.     Fast forward 30 years, and cochlear implants came out. It was a big 'go-to' for parents who could afford it, both hearing and deaf, but they are by no means a 'cure.' There are times you *can't* wear it (i.e. swimming). And the individual is essentially brought into the same patterns as yesteryear: let's ignore that you're deaf, and educate you to be as close to hearing as possible, but without the added benefit of culture/language.     The concerns about feeling some level of erasure is *huge*, as many (d)eaf did not have very supportive families. I've met Deaf folks who were the firstborn, and their parents *and* siblings never bothered to learn an inkling of ASL.  So families that opt for cochlear implants may unintentionally be seeing their child as *only* hearing, and forget the whole other 'half.'  &#x200B;  I know what I'd want for any kid I had, but I also wouldn't want to force them into feeling they *had* to be "hearing" or "deaf" and really try to encourage them to grow into either aspect, but with lots of additional education (i.e. ASL studies, Deaf events, etc.).
How much HP gain is considered sufficient to balance out the noise pollution concerns?
Feign hearing loss?   It's BULLETPROOF!
Only reason I take the piss at NB is to piss off their oversensitive fans
I was banned for it myself and they removed the ban after I read the rules of the sub and practically rule 1 is don't talk about melts v grilled cheese
people who use the “🤡” emoji all the time
I'm all about poisoning the well. Fuck it.
Sit at the end of the table where the Main one sits at the meal I guess… you win
Acting like being physically affectionate with your homies looks gay/makes you look non-masculine.
That sounds interesting 😅
Helicopter without getting sore balls
Wonder Woman
Send it to me and I will have it looked at.
Ha ha. As a tiny guy myself I LOVE seeing shit like that. Meanwhile I'm putzin' around on a tiny moped.
Her boss was even worst :$
I like that :)
I definitely get that.  If we can move that needle even a little, I’m all for trying to contribute.  And that includes trying to understand a bit about why we disagree and how to move forward.
oooo like what?
>  who lost the war   are you talking about the war for independence?   That was almost 300 years ago.  You know that neither nation is like what it was at that time?   talk to me again with you have universal health care, and your streets are safe to walk at night, and your prison population is not one out of every 100, also when your police aren't allowed to just murder people.
Me everyday living in New York
My small dick
My mother doesn't seem to understand this part when I regretted going to university. She's gets angry over when I talk about it.
Not taking the shopping cart back to it's place
You smokin something alright.
exactly my mother, every time one of her kids hit the age of like 2, she'd get bored and have another. I basically raised all my siblings.. until we got taken away. AND SHE'S STILL TRYING TO HAVE MORE. Like, I literally don't even know how to talk to her since the only conversation she'd allowed me to have with her was when I was too young to remember
Kitty cat girls 🥵
Running
Sport
Thank you! That's very eye opening
> They always feel itchy to me  You're supposed to wear them *over* the missing eye.
I absolutely LOVE the sound of heavy auto tune in music. A lot of people don’t realize that even artists who use it heavily are typically great singers without it (e.g. T-Pain). It takes a lot of practice to give auto tuned that hypnotic robotic sound you hear from artists who use it heavily. It’s an aesthetic and it’s fully intentional. Most people are unaware of this and think artists who use auto tune must be SO bad at singing that they get a computer to do the work for them. It’s similar to a model wearing blue eyeshadow. She’s obviously not trying to convince you that her eyebrows are actually blue, she’s simply using it for the EFFECT it creates, just like artists who use heavy auto tune.
Alpha radiation is absorbed in air after traveling ~20 cm.  Beta radiation has a bit bigger penetration, it can damage your skin and cause some burns.  Gamma can travel from the Sun to you, its penetration is high and strong. Damages DNA, causes cancer, kills people, etc. This is the type of radiation that killed many people in and around Chernobyl, Hiroshima and Nagasaki and caused much more people to have cancer and other diseases.
A wise person wouldn't care much for arguing
Some creepy demon dude scanned me with a register scanner. BEEP. (Sleep paralysis is fun)
Ages ago, I'm a single parent dad and had learned how to braid my daughters hair, posted a pic that got 100k upvotes
There's a thread in  /r/conspiracy about this.  That's why it's being spammed.  And them spamming it are why the threads are being deleted.
My cats. They won’t understand if I don’t come home.
For yourself, like how you dress and do your hair and stuff
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Damn I was almost sure he was gonna be a cop impersonator. The fact that it was a real cop is even more scary.
Learn, Live, Procreate, Teach.
Either Nerdwritter or Great Art Explained
I mean, you came to Reddit..seriously though, using TP to grab it is a good place to start. You will get the hang of it over time
I don’t tho sugar dissolves in blood very well, so I’d be thick and metallic like blood and you’d get wet sugar all over your teeth which is awful it’s like wet sand
are any sections more well read than others? like can you tell by any dog eared pages or scribbles in the margins?
Light up sneakers (the ones from around 2016.) the style was really cool and I could see these getting popular again. But the shame surrounding wearing “fake” shoes kicked this craze aside barely before it started.
Rolling coal on other drivers/motorcycle riders. Or just rolling coal period!
Learning discipline and work ethic early on, coupled with consistent self-care and a healthy perspective on oneself. And above all else, you must eat your chiken nuggies and drink choccy milk
It's actually BECAUSE I'm a bad driver. With my car's backup camera I can ensure I stay in the lines when I'm parking. If not I'm a diagonal demon.
Murphy Brown is another big example of that. It was one of the biggest shows on TV in the early 90s. It was on for 11 seasons. The first 7 seasons averaged over 15 million viewers per episode. It was the kind of thing where The Simpsons would reference it and just expect the audience to know exactly what was being referenced like when they did bits about The Godfather. Nowadays I doubt many people under 25 even know what Murphy Brown is.
A hot dog eating competition
Ultra Zero Blue is my muse and cure all.
7 bitcoin
Are you me? I feel like I could have written this under another account. Making my situations somewhat different is 2 kids both with special needs. I feel you my bro, I feel you. Best of luck in whatever path you choose to take.
At-will employment is an artifact of a country with a rich history of actual slavery.  *In theory* the at-will street runs both ways, and an employee is as free to go get another job without notice as their employer is to fire them without notice.  Of course, *in practice* employers have the vast majority of the leverage, since most workers are viewed as easily replaceable and, as noted above, most workers have needs for things like medical insurance through work which are not easily replaced (and even if you can find a new job tomorrow, your insurance may not kick in immediately).  Having said that, at-will employment is a good deal more complex than the summary "your employer can fire you at any time for any reason or no reason" might suggest.  As a practical matter, most employers don't simply fire their employees without cause, and some have self-imposed policies and procedures.  Those usually explicitly do not trump the at-will nature of the employment, but failure to follow them when they are applicable raises questions.   Likewise, most employees fall into one or more classes protected against discrimination by law, and in my experience, most employees who are likely to get fired can point to one or more incidents that they claim demonstrate discrimination or retaliation and on which a lawsuit may be based.  How successful such a claim is likely be varies widely (largely on location), but if it clears the first hurdle a discrimination suit is likely to cost at least tens of thousands of dollars in defense costs.  So firings are not *entirely* free.
Honestly?  I'd be a bit disappointed and I would let them know that.  AFTER I let them know that they're still my child and I love them no matter what.  Why would I be disappointed? Because I'd had gay friends before and I know how much more difficult life can be for them simply for being attracted to the same sex.
I didn't mean to say *everyone* with BPD is an unmitigated disaster, just that she was and still is. AFIK she's on meds but she's always refused therapy and is generally happy being her shitty self.
This isn't universal.
Well, I literally already spent thousands on medical expenses related to jogging
Thanks for helping me realize I’ve never watched a porn movie all the way through.
Someone who says they have big dick energy
American Psycho.  "Look at that subtle off-white colouring, the tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God, it even has a watermark!"
You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you.
r/suddenlyIASIP
Well if we're using the term "small dick energy" around like this then sure, "loose pussy energy" sounds just fine. You know, equality duhh.
These are too common ones!  I don’t know if they ever go away but I have def been able to cut them down by saying ‘no’ or ‘stop’ like I said above. For me it definitely helps when it’s outloud. So I few times a week I’ll say/think “ugh I wish I was dead” and usually by ‘wish’ now I’ll say outloud “no you dont” or stop.   But also when I said talk to the voice like it’s a kid I meant that literally!  If I forgot to send an important email and that whole spiral starts and gets to self-harm super quickly I’d say to myself.   “You forgot the email. You can deal with the consequences. You’ve done it before. You’re alright. Nothing terrible has happened. You’re okay. You can send it in a few minutes with an apology. If they are upset with you that won’t kill you. You’ll just take responsibility and it’ll be fine”.   That helps isolate it to one incident with a solution and not “I’m a loser and I’m probably going to get fired and everyone would be better off without me” self-talk.   I know one guy on tik tok who teaches this and he’ll call himself ‘darling’ or ‘my love’ and that’s just not authentic to me but it really helped me understand the exercise.   Be gentle with yourself!
when people use "Smth" instead of something
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Was supposed to be on flight MH-17. Mountainbike accident withhold me from that.
you should have capitalized “bullet,” not “not”
>Are they contradictory? Let’s see about that  Alright. I can start with citing verses. Or maybe you want to cite verses first?   >women’s rights,  Ephesians 5 24, Corinthians 11 3, Colossians 3 18, Timothy 2 12.   The west advanced women's rights despite Christianity, not thanks to it.  The reason? It all started with the steam engine. Basically, technology. Technology is ultimately what frees us.
Having a super loud car for no reason and calling yourself an alpha male
Czech streets...
I lived (and still do) 0.5 miles away from Pulse and was home that night. I remember hearing the sounds of that gun firing and being so confused/concerned. My  roommates and I rationalized the noise as some late night I-4 construction. We woke up to the news of what had actually transpired and were absolutely gutted. I drive past Pulse (yes, it's still there. It's a memorial now with 24/7 security) almost every day. I'm glad your family friend wasn't there. Crazy that the McDonald's they went to is still sooo close. \~0.5 miles.
Actually, sleep deprivation is the _only_ time that I can reliably experience hallucinations. Mine are super subtle, like I'll feel that my hands are the "wrong size," or that reality "isn't quite right." It's easier for me to get creeped out. Nothing super explicit like ghosts and stuff. It's all just perceptual errors.
The puzzle mini-game from Mario Party 4
4th of July when I was about 14. Friends got there hands on some of their dads quarter sticks of dynamite. M80’s I believe. Their plan was to put 3 of them together and produce the biggest loudest boom ever. When tape and glue wouldn’t suffice, they turned to a metal tube....  I ended saying no way and going to the other street to listen from there. 3...2...1... mini earthquake and I go back around to the street to see all of them with shrapnel in their legs and arms. 2 of my friends needed surgery and lost alot of blood.  TLDR: my friends almost blew themselves up.
Be excited for school
The apartment next to mine burned down about a month after we moved out
I don't like that one either.
Kylo Ren.
NEVS, but they're trying to sell all of the Saab assets because they're broke and are millions in debt
Just that people are too soft and out of touch with reality. No one does real human things anymore, like hunting and growing their own food or building things with their own hands.
That’s hilarious. I’ve had a similar thing, all night thinking I had somehow ripped my shirt. Turns out it was just unbuttoned.
Goddamn it, where’s my drum lick button?
Ex-fuck buddy lied to me and said they were sterile, barebacked a couple times and quit it.  a month later they had someone else, ended up with a kid almost immediately.
Accidentally attaches pic of butterfly
Coffee and alcohol.  Don't like either. But all the more power to people who wanna get their caffeine or need to ingest toxins for whatever reason
Let's make tow behind trailers shaped like a nutsack and make a billion dollars
Drinking right now at work and slamming shit out.
I thought the first "Red" was a "Red Green Show" reference, not a "70's Show" reference. Red Green gives out handy tips.
Pigs
Never take life seriously you won't get out alive anyway
You must have a 3 mile long cock
1) I do not believe my opinion is fact. I reserve the right to hold my opinion though.  2) Gender and sex are two different things. People born with XX chromosomes but all male attributes. For the vast majority of the world - 99% plus - we fall into two categories. Biological male XY and biological female XX. Why upend the whole way we speak and think to satisfy the outliers? Why to they get mad and demand we do?  Never anywhere in this entire string do I say anyone does not have a right to exist. Where do you get that in anything I said? I just won't agree with the trans definition of male and female. Look at my first post. First off I defend the very thing you say I attack.
It's fantastic! Life is always on the "YOU" channel. However, you must adore that programming.
I did third shift for 7 years. You get used to it. You also get used to being back on first even faster so don’t mess with the routine.
You can blame CA politics for that one.
sounds like Stardew Valley
Sick :)
well that’s depressing to think of.
The days of using proper grammar are went
On second thought is there some sort of equation for finding how much energy a star releases in a finite interval of time at some point in its lifespan?       \[This is assuming the sun is dying and releasing more and more energy as time moves on... (I guess)\]
Vasectomy. You dont have to dodge bullets if you never go to war in the first place.
My backyard.
People Are Strange by The Doors
Not as much as I hate myself.
Devin Nunes' lawsuits...
People who "have grown up around guns" tend to get lazy and complacent. If you had a relatively inexperienced shooter a new gun, they will likely handle it VERY carefully.
Seven times over the summer on a rainy day.
In a state of denial.
God bless you.
Big gut, small dick.
Damn if she can’t handle it, just get married to someone who hasn’t had a wife before.
Can I ask what you did to become a case manager? Do you have a degree in something specific or?
Ok
I dont think him being an asshole is unpopular.
"This is why people go to jail"  The smartest sentence I said to myself after failing to drive a half a block to my brother's. I was so fucked up I knew to just stop before I killed someone.
Good Credit
Shutter island, there’s always something new to pick up on that I didn’t notice or remember from the last time I watched it.
> Albert Einstein didn't memorize formulas   I'm pretty sure there's a quote from him along the lines of "never memorize what you can look up".
Mount and Blade: Warband.   Although the main game got me hundreds of hours, the modding community has forced me to put in thousands more.
I have had a girl I used to work with attempt to cancel me. She went to the director of staffing, which is about 3 people over my boss to report that I was inappropriately talking with a client. The client just lost her mother and sister on the same day and I was applying my sense of humor to lighten the mood, which it did tremendously. I almost got fired, but the woman I was accused of being inappropriate with left a hand written review a week later mentioning how supportive and helpful I was specifically and how I was an angel sent from heaven to help her through this hard time. Fuck Karen's.
"BRING IT BACK; SING IT BACK... BRING IT BACK AGAIN!!!!"
I love how the people downvoting me are still not giving me any reasons why they're doing it.
If you spray gunk on living things, sometimes it kills them?
I’m so sorry
at least twelve
stay sharp keep your eye on the prize
I don’t like Bach. I like Beethoven and many others, but not Bach.
I hear you. I crave physical affection. Not sex. I mean, I would really like to have sex again, but my need is for platonic touch.
Indecisive ones. They change lanes without notice and nearly cause crashes trying to get to their exit at the last minute.
The obvious point of the question and the way it's phrased is to poke fun at toxic masculinity. People who aren't as wrapped up in insecurity about their manliness don't really care.
“Not my monkey, not my circus”  I doubt you will ever find someone who would give two shits if a car dealership gets fucked for once, the whole system needs to go away, they no longer offer anything of value.
Cheddar Whales
Rob Schneider is a tsunami...
I wonder if your land is older than my meteorite.
r/food's mods are soft as fuck when it comes to melts but at the same time. The melt v Grilled cheese assault on people has gotten out of hand and has shown itself to be quite toxic on many occasions. So, I get where they are coming from.
Fantasy
That's not so bad.
Now let’s talk about small tits and ass energy
As soon as I read "Thailand in 2003 for Christmas" I knew.  "The Impossible" pulls punches on how bad it was it's still a good movie.
Imagine having sexual experiences
At home
Yours
No head phones, stick to well lit paths with people around. I am also aware my 6’4” 245 lb frame is a deterrent for most people, plus I look mean. I also most often walk with my two pit bulls who look fierce but will lick you and wiggle in your lap. That said, there was one dude giving off weird vibes and my dogs were having none of it.
Yawn.
I mean... if you pour enough of any oil or liquid on something it's going to kill it.
You wrote an essay for that? Alright mr hentai harem protagonist, I will keep that in mind.
I do “SMALL DICK ENERGY!!” As you can read here.
Why are you so close minded
Easy, they can't perform they get fired, another one is already applying for the job even before that, squeeze all the mental health out and then repeat, continue on and on.
Roll over in bed.
Spiders
That’s also my point though… Bike in excellent mechanical condition… best gear money can buy… defensive driving with open space.  These are all precautions to take, but they can’t stop reckless, or negligent behaviors from others from causing irreparable harm.    I loved riding. I still miss it tbh (fpv drones are the closest I can get to that experience now). I didn’t know it then, but I loved being able to run and use my right arm more.   Right after my collision I read about some murderous a**holes who had poured oil on the road and strung across some steel wire to kill motorcyclists.  Even the best gear can’t avoid the crazies that already are out there!  Anyway, good luck to you and may the rubber side always be on the road for you!
Drug overdose probably
Nice! I’m in Tallahassee just off of I10 so it’s a hop skip and jump for me. Planning to take the family by this weekend.
My friend and I were in a car crash and because I was wearing my seatbelt, I went to the hospital while he went to the morgue.
Quit my job because I knew it was about to get real miserable and I was worried I might lose my job due to poor performance. This was January of 2020. Everyone in the company ended up working 60 hours a week for 3 months, and then everyone was either fired or demoted to save money.
your opinion is wrong
let alone the fact that YOU were the first one to "not let someone have an opinion"  &#x200B;  How is just saying "death proof and django are great" contributing to the conversation when you disagree with it? I was asked for examples and I gave them, just saying you liked them doesn't add anything to the conversation after that. If it was really about letting people have their opinions you would've stopped replying right there.
Multitask.  Exercise while listening to music you like, or a podcast, or while watching tv.  There are lots of chores you can do while watching tv or listening to music.  Folding laundry, tidying, dusting, etc.
Right. In that case take me to the moon, please, one way. Thank you.
Back in 2019 there was a mass murder event in Kyoto at the Kyoto Animation studio and gift shop. I was vacationing alone and 0er my itinerary, I was going to go at the exact time the event took place, however the day before I arrived in Kyoto 2 hours early and decided to bump up my visit. Had I gone per schedule, I probably would've been burned alive or stabbed to death.
What the dog doin?
I don’t understand how people do this. Whenever there’s a problem I think about who or what caused it and it’s usually not the person you are talking to. I doesn’t even occur to me to get mad at them for someone else’s mistake.
People are humans, my dude. No matter how cautious and careful and prepared you are, something can happen to pulls your attention away for a split second, you can have an aneurysm, a heart attack. Of course we should prevent everything we can, but things *will* happen.
Yeah they got him. Sentenced to 25 years, two-thirds to be served in prison. The guy was 24 so he will miss out on the best years of his life for this. Should have been life IMO, but I’m happy to know he will be behind bars for a long time.
Like, the dick is a windmill and because it is smaller it does not generate the energy of a larger dicked windmill? Because I feel that this is more a physics and engineering question.
As someone currently going through this process legitimately (I’m from Canada, met my husband at school and married him here in the US) - no, it does not work this way at all.   At a minimum it is a costly and lengthy process. At a maximum it is extremely intrusive. There’s no part of it that is “instant”.
Complaining about cancel culture or saying that "everyone just wants to be offended."
Body shaming people for their genitals for a start.
It’s “Rollin Coal”, you cuckboy!!!  /jk
Ordering a plain cheeseburger
A large amount of them portray child abuse
Being a Bridezilla
What you actually said was “you haven’t put the effort in to find something that you like”.   I pointed out how ridiculous it is to presume that I didn’t put in the effort to listen to the music I grew up with.   So there you go. I responded directly to what you said.
Yuuuup. Every now and again, the memory pops into my head with an image and I want to die.
When working nights would often see shadows and stuff just in your peripheral vision
Not having children with my cheating ex-wife
A few months ago someone gave a platinum to my comment which said americans fat.
I’ve played L.A. Noire as a kid and when the main character dies in the end of the video game I for sure felt like I died with him. You just get so attached to the character and his story while playing it becomes a part of you
Professionally offended people. Why are you mad about everything all the time?
I will die on this hill!  Fries are never anything more than just ok. Most of the time they are wank.
Googled rumination syndrome, definitely not what I expected to come up…
Do black people really think that white people smell like Microsoft Word?
Taylor swift is overrated
Amazing!! I was also told I was infertile but they said the samething to my dad and he’s had 3 kids! Guess drs aren’t always right
Yes.
"Hello, one and all, welcome to \*name\*"  "Hi guys, I'm \*name\*"  "Hi, I'm \*name\*, and welcome to my \*car\*"  "welcome back to another episode of \*name\*"  \*THIS is the \*car\*"
Naps...
Not OP, but someone who had a similar situation - except I did wind up marrying the person ... not a great move in hindsight.  Anyway, after my ex abducted the kids and accused me of plotting her murder she refused to communicate via anything but FB chat.  Which actually turned out to be great because any time she'd start going off on my having not given her correct information or said this instead of that - I could just scroll back and see _exactly_ what had been said, and generally find out that I was remembering things correctly, she'd just screwed up and immediately started blaming me.  During the ensuing court case this came in handy as well.  She tried to force me to pay her legal fees because I "refused to negotiate and forced her to hire a lawyer".  I just went back in the chats where the very first mention of lawyers by either of us was her flat out telling me "You should hire a lawyer".
Quit drinking so I always have my car and my friends have a ride home each night :)
kids
MLG and YTP videos on youtube. it seemed that one day i just never saw those pixelated sunglasses ever again.
Silly bandz! I remember the social craze surrounding them, everybody competed to have the more up-to-date or coolest little rubber bands on their wrists. Then out of no where they just stopped existing.
There never was a selling point in the first place, so there's no breaking point. It was him or complete insanity. I'm hoping someone better runs in the next election, but doubt it.
sus
Choices. Every choice made by a person leads up to who and what they are. With different choices the person may not have ended up single.
Ben and Jerry's because they just stopped serving Israel for no reason.
Not knowing the difference between being confident in yourself and bragging.   Being confident in yourself and your skills can be verbally expressing your skills because you’re proud of them without comparing them to the level of others abilities.  Bragging is verbally expressing your skills and abilities by comparing them to others ability to achieve the same thing.
The boondock saints. Fucking travesty that was
Watching porn for the story 😅 I'm checking it out anyway
My family and I had a flight booked for the Maldives in 2004. Our flight got cancelled and 3 days later the tsunami hit. Our flight was rebooked and we went a week later to help with relief. Seeing the aftermath definitely had me feeling lucky and grateful.
I got a set if truck nuts for my friend one time. It was a drunken purchase for her new bicycle. They glow in the dark!
idk I don’t really remember what happens I just like him
No one wants to hear about boring stories. Can't be outraged at that.   My last ex. She wouldn't date me unless I had a job, so I got one. She dumped me two months later... but wait, said job allowed me to move cities when I met my wife who was going to move away. Now I'm happily married and my ex is, well, also happily married. Dodged a nuke or what?  No one is going to get an outrage boner from that.
Thumb in front of the hammer, ease it down.
Kendrick Lamar and J Cole have produced some decent tracks over their careers, idk if I’d say either are as good as early 2000’s artists such as Dr. Dre, early Eminem, 50 Cent, etc but I wouldn’t call them bad
Beer
I think they are cute, but there are like 300% more lobsters in the netherlands and they are creepy af in the night
[Insert Koala post here]
that explains "Firing a rifle into the air while balls deep in a squealing hog"
Everything happens for a reason.  My dad always tells me this, every time something goes wrong or right, he’ll say it. I always tell him I don’t believe it, but he still says it.
`SHIFT` `SHIFT` `SHIFT` `SHIFT` `SHIFT`   "There, was it THAT hard, boss??"
Depends what I did to merit being hated by them. I’m all for taking accountability if I genuinely did something to hurt someone.
God I love Talos Principle so much... Wish I could replay it and see more of the Serpent/computer person I forget details. I had to rush through it cause I started it then like a week later it was being taken off of gamepass!
Ketchup
I would probably punch them in the face, lol If it was in a joke-ish way, I'd say "I hate you too" and walk away
I was on a night time driving lesson and we drove up a country lane but got stuck in the snow so my instructor got me to reverse out and drive home. Found out a few months after I passed my instructor had been raping his male students.
That photo shoot they did together when he was shirtless was squicky as hell.
Bashing strait white dudes because they are strait white dudes.
>it was a touchy subject  I'll bet.
Asking "what screams" small dick energy"? "
what’s the book?
What a fortune that indians aren't asians
"oh my god so we got drunk and broke into the abandoned mental asylum, you have to go drunk it's so scary"  Cool, so you just admitted to driving drunk and trespassing?  "Oh no everyone does it when they're drunk! And Tom only had 2 drinks, he was perfectly fine to drive"  I fucking hate alcohol and it's social normality. People do dumb shit drunk all the time and most of the time it's illegal but there's a social pass to the illegal shit they do because drunk.   Jumping off roofs into pools, you wouldn't do that sober and the home owner 100% definitely does not ever fucking want that to happen if they are sober because they are liable for damages to property and the medical bill when they eventually hurt themselves. But when they're drunk? Go for it.  Fucking hate that drug. It's so addicting that it's legal and people just don't realize that.
Yup and somehow it always gets flipped back on you like you’re shaming the people drinking and that’s fucked up. Just from declining alcohol lol
>having divorced parents is a predictor of divorce   I wonder if that’s also kind of a positive, in that that people who grew up in a divorce saw it as a better option than continuing to stay in a bad relationship and they carry that healthy mindset into adulthood
Your favourite band sucks
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **Threads that limit the number of words are not allowed**, because they tend to limit discussion by requiring few words.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. You will need to rephrase and resubmit your question.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Grampa died over the summer.  He was my best friend.
Whore of Babylon by Zheani
Long grass attracts bugs which is unpleasant and makes it harddr to use the lawn. We chose to rent a house rather then an apartment just to have a lawn. My kid plays outside all the time
When I was 8 yrs old me and my mom we're living in a shelter with other single mothers. I would usually play my Wii on the weekends cs that's when all the parents would either be sleep or at work. But there was this one girl (who imma name Sierra) that wanted to play with me. She had a huge butt and big tits so I was mostly attracted to her. She was Abt two  or three yrs older than me but we still would play on the game and just chill in the living room of the shelter. But one day she was sitting in the rocket chair that I would usually sit in so when she went to go use the bathroom I had sat in it. Mins later she came back and demanded her sit back but I wasn't gonna get up but then she just sat on top of me. Mind you I was 8 so I wasn't really sexually attracted to her bc I didn't realized what was happening but eventually we ended up having sex. the thing is tho is that it happened around 5 or 6 times every month. Up until 3 months later she and her mother moved to a house. At the time I didn't really think nothing was wrong but as I got older I start to realize what happened to me and now idk how to live with myself.
Dear redditor,  Please explain how this is sexist.
Almost having 5 kids at 20
That sub is fucked. I’m all for getting vaccinated. But it’s fucked to celebrate someone’s death because they were in denial due to horrible spreading of misinformation.
🎵The wheels on the nuts go round and round🎵
Cock and ball torture
I remember this one too! Loved that woman. I hear so many MIL monster stories that it was refreshing to see one woman standing up for another woman, even when it was against her own son.
big truck, loud car, being homophobic or xenophobic at all, prooving that you'Re straight or masculine, roaling coal on peds / cyclists and bragging about having a big dick is maybe the biggest small dick energy thing ever. if you have a big dick, you let others spread the word
lol4
I was about to sign the lease on a business property so I could open up a recording studio. I decided to hold off and look at some other properties. a week later the covid shutdowns began.
Referring to women as “females.” Few things I hate more.
I bet anybody right there in Portsmith and maybe even the surrounding towns knew all about it. When the marketing guy I was talking to was telling me the rest of the story, it was some of the most compelling stuff I had heard in a long time.
What makes you ‘so’ wise?? 🤨
YES
not your best work tbh :/   protein dude replied with a better one lol
I don't cry, like ever, but that scene made me almost shed happy tears from how much moritz actually cares for his friends.
Toxic monogamy. Insisting your partner should see you as their everything, their best friend, their sexual partner, financial advisor, maid, adventure buddy, personal chef, and nanny, but then resenting all the pressure they put on you. This combined with the pressure for the relationship escalator to progress (start dating, kiss, say I love you, get serious, get engaged, get married, buy a house, have kids, etc) makes a lot of relationships feel like failures just because inappropriate expectations are put on them. All of this also puts so much othering onto folks who do things differently, even though they're just living their best life.
Epstein didn’t kill himself memes
I wasn't trying to say you'll never wreck at all for any reason, I was just saying the chances aren't as great when youre careful. You can also wreck those same ways in a car. Not laying down your bike but in a car the head on crash would have happened to your dad. Its just ridiculous to me that people think cars are so much safer
Dumb & Dumber. First one is a comedy classic that still holds up very well, sequel/prequels had zero qualities to totally redeem themselves.
A cat
because basic physics. you're still not understanding my point all.   it's not about 'knowing'. it's about figuring it yourself based on extremely basic principles like cause and effect. i live inland too fwiw
They don't, they are useless  EDIT: Maybe drown the bug?
Moderately Neato
Salat. Just normal salat. I hate it
As bad as it sounds, my crazy ex having a miscarriage…
I only went to college for 1 year and in that 1 year it was way more fun the 4 years of high school.
Maybe I’m being too generous but perhaps it’s a social commentary on the labeling of women’s basic emotions as toxic?
Too bad harambe never made the cut 😔
More sympathy and critical belief systems.
I would really rather not spend my Christmas vacation and birthday with them, even though they are going to the Galapagos
How many fucking spiders have doctors looking after them, or given extra comforts and nutritional information and regular opportunities to be generally poked, prodded and tested to ensure they are well? Fucking Bell end.
Same but I'm Damon Mat
I am waiting for the variant that kills everyone who gets it, except those who get a new vaccine that only works if you've had the original vaccine on board for at least a year.  Bye Bye trumpers.  I've said elsewhere in here that the thing that surprises me is the number of people who have opinions that they are willing to die for but cannot explain their reason for having them.
Yes it is  Not even kidding either.  Just ask around a bit, who people think started WW 1 Its quite insane how recent history gets distorted and forgotten
Carrying an assault riffle on the way to walmart to buy toilet paper
SUVs.
My sister is asexual, she is a lot happier since she was able to put a tag on what she is. It is not that uncommon.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Don’t listen to her. She’s garbage. You are better than that! Stop listening to bullshit! Ariana Grande? Fucking seriously? I can see if you’re 13 or 15 or whatever… But come on Ariana Grande? You could turn on the radio hits scan and find anything better than her. The only reason why she’s famous? It’s because she’s fucking hot as hell. That’s it.
I look passive aggressive even when im not, i just have one of those faces when im a bit tired that only a single eye glance makes it look full of anger. You know, the look mom makes when the guests leave, i can't be ashamed of that, is just how i look:mad all the time
Dated my ex. Probably the worst mistake I will ever make in my life.
We have a this American life listener here
Humans
Makes me laugh because there's not even just one kind, but many kinds of trans surgery.  You know you're trans when orchiectomy doesn't sound horrifying.
Thank you
I still don't understand how a functioning alcoholic works....
The world I know by Collective Soul.
What did you say
My guy, is this your way of scouting new pronstars for your enjoyment? lol my pick is Lana Rhoades
Utahraptor because it's what the JP Velociraptor imagined.   Herrerasaurus because it was the early two legged carnivore.   TRex because it's just so bad ass.
Frites Françaises a la mode de France.
My husband and I were on a weekend break in Glasgow. Did the classic tourist thing of doing a hop on hop off bus tour. On the tour we saw this pub that we thought could be a good shout for drinks that evening and I made a note of its name - The Clutha. We ended up going instead to a fantastic Indian restaurant (haggis pakora were top notch) and then went back to our hotel. In the morning woke to the news that a helicopter had crashed into that pub. The three in the helicopter and seven patrons at the bar died due to the incident.
Sleeping with a girl, grabbed her waist from behind, went for a cheek kiss and she went straight to my lips. Was confused but happy.
Well I was looking for a movie but I will make sure to check her out
yes i think you win this one haha
Darkness on the edge of town is one of the best albums ever made 🤗
The Nightmare Before Christmas.    Then I watch it again at Christmas time.
Truth is humans are all a bit narcissistic or have narcissistic traits. But having traits of narcissism does not mean you **are** a narcissist.  High confidence/Self esteem becomes a problem like anything when it is vastly different than the normal population. Or it interferes with you ability to live a healthy life. This might be in the form of causing issues with your relationships because of you behavior.
Commitment.
Women.
I've never closed the bathroom door, which is especially convenient when getting out of the shower because the mirrors aren't hazy!
You got muted for correcting them and telling them it is a melt.   Not because you called it a melt.
Open carry.
That’s some more of that big dick energy.
I just saw a kid buying a pair the other day. They might be back.
2   The honey biscuit and the squid game
Vagina Bowling
Honestly very very little. I get FAR more pleasure out of masturbation with toys and my imagination or just sexy times with my wife. However, I feel like I may be in a minority there.
It was Pensacola Christian College. I actually was doxxed and stalked by the administration when I was there... Beyond the other sort of quasi-stalking that they do to prevent students from going to the movie theater, Hooters, or the beach. Freaking horrible place but I'm glad to say that I'm about to graduate from an actually accredited university this December.
I interviewed for a personal assistant job. I got offered the job then asked if my new boss new who my Grandfather was. He worked in the same political arena. His face dropped and said I can’t hire you. Your grandfather is directly involved against them. A month later a plane hit the floor a I would have been on in the first World Trade Center.
Fast and the furious
> noun em·​pire | \ ˈem-ˌpī(-ə)r \ Definition 1a(1): a major political unit having a territory of great extent or a number of territories or peoples under a single sovereign authority  Theres no supreme ruler (aka King or Queen), ergo it cant be an empire
"If you can't beat them, join them."
Tits are tits, no matter how small  Tits are tits, and I like them all
Intermittent fasting and other dieting fads
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
3 words: WARIO SNL SKIT
Young black men can make other types of music too.
You're clearly not qualified to make that assessment.  I think you should leave.
Ice caps and probably snow
I am an almost 40 year old, long-haired, bearded, death metal dude wearing a Carcass shirt. My wife says some of her friends find me intimidating.  I also love Sailor Moon.
Demolition man  It's not the greatest film ever made but it's aged well and I always enjoy it
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You get a two for one deal. You get the enjoyment of the hour of exercise and you get the benefit of the extra hour later.
You’re welcome :). Some wonderful displays too are the “Lego Ideas” line of sets, although it can depend on his taste in things
surprises* Sorry... Downvote me, IDC. GRAMMAR IS MORE IMPORTANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We surprisingly have a rather robust mental health program as part of our benefits.  They even created another program recently.
Four square
Harley in the Nut House with Riley Reid.
I used to have a superiority complex because of an underlying inferiority complex. Now I have a superiority complex because I learned about racist memes
How is it weird that she had less medical training than you?
So huge
Genders. Take that how you will
It's like drinking TV static
It's only fair to use all the possible advantages you have in order to gain an edge.
I got told more than a few times that people would kill me for the stupidest shit.  Absolutely no way that I would resort to violence unless I needed to because I felt my life or someone's might be at risk.     After that day, when you hit them, did they continue to bully you?  Did others around you regard you any differently?
Lol 4 years after Katrina, must’ve been the reason right?!
Currently I'm in a college admission procedure and I'm really tensed about it. So I'd probably ask them something related to career choices
How much lego can you fit up your bum?
You clearly haven't been to the Midwest.
Silly Bandz
Human
Ditto. I almost feel sorry for him. Almost. (My wife's first husband, I mean.)
Maybe seethe less.
Sphere
Anything that lays it's eggs in living creatures.
Choke her with her own tail
One has to wonder how her boss/bosses didn’t catch on to her ineffective leadership when those under her were jumping ship.
When i first learned about it, i was convinced it is hentai
Or the apartment next to you gets sold to another developer who then proceeds to spend every weekend jackhammering at 8am for 2 years, despite city ordinances
I think being possessive is something that everyone really likes it but it is only good if you have only kept it to your self. Showing possessive nature doesn't mean love. It's kind of toxic behavior that is socially acceptable because people do think that he/she loves you thats why they are possesive of you. But it does drain out the other person and change their perspective.
Like a cafeteria with dine-in. Luckily nobody was inside because it was leveled. Bagram Airbase.
People shouldn’t be shaming you for not wanting to risk getting HIV
Every relationship I had before I met my wife
Not a big fan of Travis Scott. Or lil uzi. Or X. Or juice
Parmesan cheese I smoke it
Why do you have so many pictures of a fox and memes
Eeenie Meenie Miney Moe...   Tiger eats your face.
Im glad things worked out for you. I hope everyone here can overcome their bully!
It’s a little known fact that at the end of every auction everyone breaks up in to pairs and plays ping pong until one person remains and that person gets all the auctioned items. All In saying is you may want to drive a truck to any auction.
Honestly I still haven't seen it. It's been on my watch list for like 2 months
Mostly things out of the corner of my eye that weren’t there.
I'm not gonna go there. Just saying that your statement that it's banned is wrong.
Brandon Belt (baseball player) did, but mockingly.  Trust me when I say he's pretending here:  https://twitter.com/KNBR/status/1436460874089177089  He claimed he was the team captain (something few MLB teams even have) with a crappy taped-on C for a game, and stayed in character as "the alpha" until it actually became true.
F
The Klan must love Biden then. The Biden Crime Law is the most racist piece of legislation since Jim Crow.
Being loud as fuck for no reason
Most porn isn’t realistic and based mainly on the mans pleasure.
What are you doing here?
Testing people when getting into relationships, saying the opposite of what you mean and hoping others understand the nuance: example being some women who go “sure you can go with your female friend” to their bf, and when he says “ok see you later” she gets angry and says she didn’t mean it.   Say. What. You. Mean! Please
I dunno if this counts as a bullet dodged, man, it sounds like that bullet at least grazed you
Microwave oven.  Fastest way to boil water for my tea.
My dick is super tiny. Scientists couldn’t find it with a microscope, so they hired astronauts to use there telescope equipment. One astronaut claimed to have seen it once, but didn’t take a video/picture of it. But it still provides energy for me, and I choose to believe it’s there no matter what ppl say 🥺
Hear me out, a couple dashes of chili powder and a spoon of honey. Sweet and with just the perfect amount of kick when you get it right!! May sound weird but it tastes soooo goood!!! Not giving up the last secret ingredient tho, to find that think outside the usual seasoning and trust your tastebuds!!  my brother in-law would probably be upset that i’m giving it away because it was an old birthday presents to me from him.
Religion
Bezos looks like a greedy goblin and Musk looks like a hobbit in a human suit. I find them both creepy.
Among us. Mr beast
Strenuous physical activity is good for the brain. Not just endorphins but a hard physical workout can make you tune out all the the daily bullshit that clogs up your mind.
I broke up with my leach of an ex-gf on Sunday. So yeah that I guess
Fidget Spinners.
Final Destination
Sorry I don't understand what you're asking.  I'm not sure what a bunch of  stories that are only horrific in terms of the way they are written have to do with VHS.
Rodeo by Travis Scott
Memes and porn, not necessarily in that order.
That was pretty funny
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **NSFW link-aggregator posts, where top-level comments are explicitly expected to be links/videos/pictures/gifs of NSFW material, are not permitted**  Reddit has [many other subreddits for NSFW content, if you are interested](http://www.reddit.com/r/NSFW411/wiki/index).  If you feel this message was received in error, please contact the mods.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Their immortality is pretty disturbing, tbh
This is pretty fucking good, thb. Nice work
pepto bismol.   Suppose to help with the stomach. I violently threw up everytime I had it's chalky bubblegum flavor.
Nirvana, sure. Beatles, no.
Rhombicosidodecahedron.
Awful album 3/10
I lived in this one apartment for a couple years (not sure exactly how long). Really liked the place, it took me forever to find it and it saved me from my old place which was a total dump. Then, pretty spontaneously, I decided to move across the country for family reasons. Had to leave some furniture I loved behind. A few months later, the place burned down because of a fire the downstairs neighbors accidentally started. My former roommate and all of his pets (and everyone else in the house) were thankfully ok, but most of the furniture was trashed.
School shootings.
I don’t see any path to happiness in my life. All I’ve known is struggle and misery and every time I get a leg up in life disaster sends me to a new low I didn’t even think possible. I’ve always tried to be positive, always tried to push through, to work my ass off to get to something better, tried therapy, but I see no point anymore. I’m in my 30s with severe health problems that have nearly killed me multiple times, so my life most likely won’t be much longer. I’m already out of time basically and I’ve never gotten anywhere. I will always be in poverty, always on the brink of homelessness,always be suffering with health issues I can’t afford to take care of. Never be able to transition, never feel safe coming out. Never afford a house, never have a family of my own. Never leave my shitty city I hate. The world is on fire and no one who can do anything about it seems to give a shit. Politics keep getting more heated. Natural disasters and mass shootings keep increasing. I’ve had so many traumatizing experiences and seen so many horrific things I can’t keep track anymore. Death, dismemberment, suicide, domestic violence, etc. over and over and over again in my life. I used to joke about it but, I honestly wake up every day now and have an existential crisis wondering if I’m dead and this is all some cruel hell that I deserve for past mistakes. Maybe I died one of those times I was on an operating table? Or maybe in one of those car crashes? Maybe I never woke up from one of the many times I had a stabbing pain in my chest and promptly fainted? Maybe this is all gods punishment because I lost my faith? Or because I’ve committed some unforgivable sin? Who knows? I just don’t know why I wake up or do anything anymore beyond being terrified of death and feeling responsible to take care of those around me. But lately, I feel more like a burden to people than a help. Anyways, no one cares and I don’t expect anyone to. It’s all pointless anyways. I’ll go back to bottling it up and carrying on.But thanks for the chance to vent OP.
hate this
The fact that the GOP is apparently not able to kick Donald Trump in the teeth.
I was at Oktoberfest, in Munich, way back in 2005. I was there with a guy I grew up with who had moved to Germany for work, and all of his European friends that he had made since he had been there. We had been partying at O-Fest since 9:00am, and we had drank just about enough of beer for the day, when I noticed some dude at our table was rolling a "marijuana cigarette". My German sucks, so I didn't say a word, but one of the Finns we were there with opened right up and asked the dude if he had enough to share. At that point, I got up to go to the bathroom and when I returned to our table everyone I was with wanted to head to the train station and get home to bed. On the way to the train station, the Finnish kid in our group put his arm around me and told me that he got some weed from the dude at our table, but he didn't need it because he had some at home anyway. So he took the weed out of his pocket and stuck it in my back pocket as we stumbled toward the entrance to the train station. The moment our group got to the bottom of the stairs leading to the trains there were six Polizei (German Police) waiting armed with submachine guns. They grabbed my friend and the Finnish kid, and very roughly threw them against a nearby wall and started rifling through their pockets asking them "where the drugs were". I stood there frozen, waiting for them to notice I was part of that particular group and search me too, but out of nowhere, the Finns' girlfriend grabbed me by the hand and said "C'mon sweetheart, let's go home" (in German ofcourse), and we boarded the train while my friend and her boyfriend were tossed by the cops. Obviously, the cops found no contraband, because it was in my pocket, so they let my pals go who then boarded the train white as ghosts from what had just transpired. As the train departed the station, my two pals were ranting and raving about how illegal weed is in Germany and how much trouble they would have got in if I wasn't the one smuggling the drugs in my pocket. I thanked the Finnish guys' girlfriend for saving my ass, and when we got back to my pals' flat where I was staying, I rolled that shit into the most rewarding joint I have ever smoked.
Complaining about being friendzoned all the time
Dick Inn Sayid
What is the secret to winning every argument I am in?
Umm… a hatred of money.
Mindfulness exercises
Absolutely do **not** buy a house with her right now. You're having troubles divorcing her now... Once you've bought a house, you'll be even more trapped
Big brain solution:  Poop in her butthole before you pump in her butthole.
Lmao good one
I love metal but when the band does that screeching constantly all throughout every song, then every song just sounds the same and gets old fast.
Truck nuts, vehicles you can't afford, lots of yelling
Seems legit lol
If Kurt Cobain had lived and gotten clean, Nirvana would have faded in the mid 90s like most other grunge. At best Kurt could have ended up like Eddie Vedder.
B&W was an absolutely revolutional game, and it's really sad that the franchise is dead. I'd love to see a third installment or a reboot someday. Imagine how awesome B&W could be with today's technology
Sigh
I'm so sorry - that's so painful  :(
Lego Star Wars TFA is fun, but I’m not a gamer.
Well much appreciated.  Calling people dumbasses when they don’t agree with you is how we get to such a divided country, mental gymnastics or not.
Always pinkie in the chamber to make sure there's not a round in there.
When they brag about their size 24/7…. Ain’t no way bruh
Well it already happened so I can't do anything about it so move on and get on with your day
Fin Dom? Is that like where a kinky dolphin calls you a bitch?
Almost broke up with a girl I wasn't sure about roughly a month in.  Chickened out.   Now we're engaged.
Trying everything at least once
Science  It stops being "magic" when you can prove it with science.  The same goes for that holistic medicine and whatnot with herbs.
An ocean between us by as I lay dying
Back in uni, two of my flat mates and their friend (all guys) raided my room and called me a slut for owning a sex toy.  Like...I'd been exclusive with that toy for a year, why you gotta hate
Women
Good stuff!
I’m not sure, I just love the flavor and texture.
Had a friend who had tickets to Route 91 and invited me to go way in advance. A couple days before the concert,  she hit financial difficulties and had to sell them. So i stayed home and didn't get shot.
Hello by Adele
Disrespectfully disagree
> eventually I went for a scooter ride   Everything about the context here says this was in the late 90's early aughts and this was a Razer scooter and not one of the Bird scooters everyone rides around nowadays. Also, sorry this happened to you bud
> If the whole world went vegan, then what would be done about cows? Do you think they’d magically disappear or something?  The whole world isn’t going vegan overnight, just as the whole world isn’t giving up coal overnight. Neither are feasible or realistic.  If progressively more and more people go vegan, then fewer and fewer cows will be bred into existence due to a declining demand in cow consumption. Eventually if you get to the point of the entire world going vegan, this leads you to where no cows are being artificially inseminated/bred by humans into existence.
2 winters ago my dad and I were heading to pick up a pizza for dinner. We were at a red light by our house turning left. The light turns green and my dad doesn't move, I almost spoke up to tell him " It's green " thinking he was distracted by something out his window when a HUGE snow plow went through the red light. Not a city street snow plow - but a heavy duty highway snow plow. Very scary encounter and now I keep my distance from them in the winter.
Then its the first time you are wrong…
I was offered a promotion at one of our satellite sites on the other side of the country.  Great opportunity.  Decided to wait 12 months as I didn't feel financially ready to be able to uproot my whole family. They agreed and at my next annual review we'd start the process.  6 months later, everyone at that site was laid off due to budget cuts.  I would have been stuck with no job on the other side of the country with no safety net.
Improve yourself, read lot's of books work hard and learn everything you can then die wisely with all your ultimate knowledges to make them soil.
Lmao. Did you seriously eat it without filling?
Fuel and petrol
Damn cat.... Honestly. One of the best parts of captain marvel
Thompson and genetically enhanced beverages
The cult leader must have instructed it.
Glam metal and disco are awesome. Maybe you should talk to some Black people rather than white people. Not trying to be racist or anything, I’m just saying whites are not necessarily known for the funk and a good dance beat.
Happened with my mom and her friend during the 2006 Mumbai train blasts.   My mom is a school teacher and on that day she and her friend were about to board a train to come back home, but another friend of theirs was struck in traffic. My mom's friend suggested that they wait for her to arrive, which she agreed to.  That train exploded on the very next station.    (For those who know Mumbai, my mom and her friend were standing on Andheri Station and the bomb exploded at the Jogeshwari station)
You do you, I'll do me.
None. They were all trash. Those that weren't trash were ok. I want more than that. So I guess the future if the past dowsn't repeat itself once more.
Florida just has a lot going on. Just take the sheer size of it for example. It would take someone following the speed limit laws 13.5 hours to drive from Pensacola all the way to Key West. For reference, I can drive from Tallahassee to Washington, DC in 12 hours. Just the sheer spread of the state means you get a little bit of everything mixed in.
I grew up in Utah.... this could take a while.
If you get caught with a less than perfect disguise in real life, I have the feeling being cancelled on Twitter might suddenly become the least of your concerns!
Anime
I quit healthcare in January of 2020
Unironically using the word “beta” to describe people
I guess it depends on how close you are to them. I had a bunch of nosy people ask me how my best friend killed himself and I didn't tell anyone who wasn't close to him.
Ant-Man would literally be a black hole.
The customer is always right.
Yeah and some places in the north have seasonal insurance so you don't even need to pay for it all year
I can try
This is why I have a breathalyzer. Seeing actual proof of your BAC will make people think twice
My ex-wife befriended a convicted pedophile (who was barred from owning anything connectible to the internet due to his online behavior with minors), bought him a new iphone under her name with cash, and acquired a gun to use on me when I came home from work one day, so she could freely move her new bestie into what would be the former marital home. She was cocky and dumb enough to brag to another friend/co-worker of hers what she was planning to do, and they notified me so I could get the law involved. After I swiftly moved away to a secure location, she moved her new friend into the home immediately, & they didn't realize that I (an IT technician & aspiring homelab-er) could still access my custom router, ip security cameras outside the home & firewall for the internet connection...so I sent law enforcement logs and video of her bragging to her family what she was doing, & what her new friend was up to on the internet connection I was still paying for until the end of the month. Divorce was immediate and very financially advantageous for myself!
I love them all
the people who answer this post "great" and a smile are happy.  the people who answer this with a complaint or a joke about how miserable they are are unhappy.  And they think that being unhappy is why they are posting the miserable comment, they don't realize that the attitude of posting a miserable comment is why they are unhappy.
Im my worst enemy so I’d pick the ability to manipulate reality
Most
Pour sugar on a rusty piece of iron and lick it.
A bunch of cigarette butts and empty cans of Bud Light
Rolling coal.
I think the way you worded this was a bit ambiguous. Do you mean the people that had a hard time first, or that they don't have enough respect for people that might need some help?
Nah, when you just start puberty, your dick goes into overdrive. Now I can only do it once or twice per day.
I enjoy isolation but despise loneliness. Between them, there's a thin line.
Aperture
You prefer a world at war? THAT is small-dick energy, pal.
I would LOVE to know how my weird neighbor that lives below me manages to have his tv set up to where I could hear his tv playing through my floor. And not just a little, it was louder than my tv. Floor stomping finally gave him a hint ( I had a migraine and idk)  but I can still hear his zoom calls dialing in. Wtf kind of set up do you have going on?? Are your speakers screwed to the ceiling? Is your computer plugged into surround sound??  I can't wait to move. I do love the maintenance man though.
Many species of animals
I did too until I hit them asking to be added to a NSFW group chat started by a 20 year old. So they’re either lying about their age or projecting.
Are you going to get pregnant any time soon??
If I had to, I have two siblings I would trust just because they a) have made really good life choices and fiscal decisions and b) I go to them for money advice.  I would not let my SO manage my money - learned the hard way that SO can’t manage their own finances.  I manage the big stuff and it sucks knowing that they don’t care about saving or planning ahead.  I think the key to any money management is: don’t put all your eggs in one basket.  Some people talk a great game but then when you watch them, they aren’t what they say they are.  You use some different funds to throw your money into - some fund plans will do better than others.  But if one fund has a bad manager, it means they didn’t have all of your money.
Whippoorwill
Oh that’s a real common one lol
This is like 85% of reddit. There are so many treads where commenters work so hard to tell everyone how much they make and only drive a 500 dollar car. Patting themselves so hard on the back very chance they get.
I don’t know. Didn’t see Paw Patrol.
It’s kind of a liberating and in-control feeing when you know you no longer want this
"The ring" was the only film that genuinely scared me.
Truuuuu. But in the meantime it’s small sick energy to not tip if your server is making $2/hr.
I have 5 different personalities
His music is not that good.
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Having to belittle someone because they enjoy an activity/hobby/style that you cannot comprehend
Exactly as expected: boring the same old, used-up, unoriginal type of boring
Hate to be a downer but I REALLY hate the concept that cancer is a fight you win, especially with kids.  Its bad enough to lose someone to cancer, then you have to hear survivors being complimented on their "strength", "tenacity", etc.    I know it comes from a good place, but it's never not painful and I think there's a better way to celebrate life without hurting the ones left behind.
Bullying is the worst kind of small dick energy
Swim wearing jammers.
I think, even though it sounds more like rhetoric or a caricature at first blush, there really is philosophical weight to the claim that "Being a billionaire is an ethical failing." We look at that amount of wealth and instinctively recognize that something is wrong; that no one person can just do that on their own, yet they somehow acquired all of this wealth that other people created.  But, on the flipside, many people love a success story, and look up to specific individuals who are the movers-and-shakers of the day. Bezos is the person associated with bringing us long-tail 2-day delivery. Musk is the flamboyant industrialist of our day, like Carnegie and Rockefeller in the past.
Routine, you get used to it
As long S who you're dating is human
I think vampires might like diabetics
Deez Nuts.
I'm not a really mean person but this brings out the asshole in me like no other
Just had a good salad and a whole bottle of water. So…. Not hungry.
Yeah I guess focusing too much on certain media. But there's definitely a lot of interracial couples on TV. Not that skin color is that important.
I was behind a very large truck today with a *vanity plate* that said BIGMAN  Gave me heartburn.
Getting beaten by parents 💀
Yeah. Some people genuinely are doormats and feel guilty if they’re not doormats.  There a good handful of people who actually need the outside perspective because they’ve normalized such bad mistreatment of themselves.
Beating children
Wait wut?
If they are so successful and intertwined in legit biz, why can’t he squash $500k in tax debt? They had to threaten to lock him up to get a $12k payment out of him.  They are not the ultra wealthy gangsters people make them out to be.
Saw a highschooler get hit by a car once. Wasn't anything serious like a 5-10mph hit. The way he got up and walked away like nothing happened was pretty funny.
I think it's like thunder strike or STD. Just like how sometimes flings can result in pregnancy but married couples try for years sometimes, these things in large enough sample size is very obvious.  I am not ruling out him mistaking somehow, but it is very possible it's just environment, people and bad luck.
I interviewed for this job that I desperately wanted.  Company was REALLY cool, exec I interviewed with had a great vision for the company, the office was really close to my house and the pay was phenomenal.  I ended up not getting the job as the CEO swept in at the last minute and brought in a friend of his.  6 weeks later the company folded.  CEO and CFO were into some shady financial dealings that came to light and tanked the entire company out of the blue.
Probably most of the population..
What did you do through your 20s?
I got banned from a sub I didn't even belong to for posting on another sub that they disagree with...WTF?
He would do those challenges where the guy eats like 100000 Kcal or a huge amount of junk food
I do
Monkeys
Same here, Benning.
20 weeks for paternity leave? Where is this and are they hiring?
Detroit: Become Human
Thank you. I've been at this for quite some time. Now I'm in my late twenties and it's still here.
I never had any kids with any of my ex's.
According to the A.I. Deep Thought who calculated it for 7.5 million years, the answer is 42
My mom would make tacos and we would always put bacon on them. My sister brought her friend over and I asked where the bacon was and my mom told me “most people don’t put bacon on their tacos”
Signing a contract that has illegal clauses doesn't take away your rights,  it makes the contract illegal.
Personally I think *both* sides are bat shit insane. Democrats just do a better job at pretending to care about people though, so they win more people over. Unfortunately they are all just puppets, and they do some of the same things republicans do, one example is getting the rich richer. They also are undermining American democracy, I guess that’s hard to see for some people though.   We are slowly morphing into a mix of Fascism/Authoritarianism. Been slowly happening forever but kicked into high gear when Trump got into office, and isn’t getting better with Biden. The money trail doesn’t lie, and all of it leads back to the same puppeteers, sadly.
You mean hiking? There’s a place at the trailhead to leave your vehicle.
Smart water.
being jealous of your friends' accomplishments
Put some sugar in fresh cow's blood.   I'm assuming it will be a thick and warm metallic milkshake.
People at my wife's old advertising job would brag about how much time they spent away from their families
An old (former) friend I went to college with and didn't keep in touch with afterwards ended up killing a bunch of people in a terrorist attack.
...hmmmm
I thought so too. But I don’t know why that was the first thing I thought of.
Walk with an erection/ The Bangles
Fried with runny yolk, soft boiling for dunking bread soldiers, hard boiled and mixed with Mayo. I just like eggs
Only metal elitists. I like to think of glam metal as the best comeback when someone claims metal can’t be fun or too angry
Sex and Magick
Chick fila is not that fucking good atleast not to have miles and miles of traffic.
That’s so sad. That hotel I worked at had a lot of tragedy.  One of my old managers blew his own head off with a shotgun, another co worker committed suicide and another manager ended up robbing a bank.
lol- there were no insults . what are you talking about? oh well, take care you.
Metal will never get the love it deserves, nor will people ever recognize how diverse it is. If there’s a genre of music, Metal has hybridized with it at some point
Spider-Man 3 was a good movie.
post stuff online
How? Nirvana is still widely talked about and recognized. Everyone my age knows who they are and at least a couple of songs. I’m saying it’s not nearly as revered as the Mask and Ace V but I think it holds up to those movies.
I was interviewing for a job and the interviewer had a flight delay and couldn’t make it, I was told, but honestly I just felt they forgot about it. I got a bad vibe about the whole situation and refused to reinterview.   A few months later my would be boss was charged for dereliction of duty by regulators and lost their professional license, if I worked for them I likely would be subject to those actions as well, potentially rendering me unable to work in my field.
The honk of a horn
Preach the good word brother, one day I hope these stereotypes will fade and we can be a people that tolerate different beliefs but all value social progress
Loud cars/motorcycles. No girl ever has said ‘omg that guy must have a HUGE dick’ after losing their goddamn hearing from one of these driving by.
Knew a kid in middle school with a glass eye, he’d cover his real eye and take a nap in class. The teachers never caught on. Fuckin legend.
nothing is enough until infinite power is achieved!
What do you think of people that don’t hve traditional sex chromosomes XX or XY? Like folks with Klinefelter syndrome (XXY)
Coughing/sneezing into your hands and touching stuff or not covering your coughs/sneezes at all. Not exactly “toxic” but definitely a shitty behavior and there’s no acceptable social mechanism for getting people to stop doing it.
I'm not asking "when are war crimes justified" like this thread is making it out. Jesus reddit has gotten uppity
Forgive yourself! I felt alot better when I regretted going to university.
Very clever cherry picking certain parts of my argument to address, while ignoring others that don’t fit your narrative.  However, since you ARE young, I won’t hold it against you.  Based on your responses, I am guessing you have NOT heard about the instances of big tech censoring select individuals/entities, under their banner of “policy violations,” while allowing others to post similar, but different substantively, information.  Again, some of this I understand, because of your age and lack of exposure.  If you think censoring (suppressing) information (speech) you don’t agree with, just because it doesn’t fit your narrative, is ok, I think you have a bright future working for one of these outfits.  If, however, you believe everyone should be given a voice, sans those who are breaking the law in doing so (I.e. engaging in criminal behavior), then we have common ground on this subject.
I am trapped in an abusive job, with no way out that I can see, I need to declare bankruptcy because said job has left me totally unable to pay debts and also incapable of sorting my own life out.   I feel like a total failure, and can see no way out short of winning the lottery or selling organs to get the money together to leave. I live in. Have nowhere else to go. And don’t feel safe here.   I am sending so much love to everyone else who is struggling. I’m not much use but I am happy to help out any way I can if anyone needs it. My inbox is always open. ❤️
no, keep going.
Snakes
I don't hate him, but he very often over-promises and under-delivers.
Promiscuity.
When you announce that criticism is no longer allowed.
Who gives a fuck (that’s my philosophy)
Driving a big ass truck but never pulling anything with it.
No pressure! I just know his taste haha thank you for the recommendations :)
Immersion blender
Lemon stealing whores.
I see this question a lot on AskReddit Just search it up on other threads
Matrix  Exorcist  Friday
I think Brazzers did like a Vampire theme series.  You sort of stick around for the story
Mk ulta
A pic sharing site where every pic you upload immediately gets 10k likes and 5k shares. Tons of amazing comments all over every upload you share. Also no filters are enabled on your pics.
Enron comming in clutch!
Wearing the pants from a suit
RIP, bud
This. When I start my day with exercise I notice that I’m much calmer, less anxious, and even somewhat happier throughout the day
Haha fair enough, I just wanted to see what happens. The question certainly brings out an interesting crowd.
Anything with Janice Griffith in it 🤣
Democracy in the US.
Confusion
They apparently had stories for up to 6 movies.  If they actually use the remaining 3 stories or not though, we will don't know.
To the client; “For the love of god, shut your mouth”
I thought he was super well respected among those who matter? Many rappers consider him the GOAT and his rhymes are super complex with metaphors among metaphors inside multisyllabic rhyme schemes.
Fighting, flying
Tunnel vision on my goals, always.
Viruses
Stove burner.
This, I'm tired of people thinking. "Well government is using tax money to fix roads, must be socialism". It's as fucking stupid as all these people calling everything a fascist takeover.
That's what happens when you end your first film by making your protagonist omnipotent - it's a bit difficult to come up with plausible scenarios where there's any jeopardy after you do that.
If it helps, think about it as a sickness, because it really is. Not easy having drug addicts in the family though.
Eat the Rich
I’ve had two suicide attempts in the last year.   How do you think?
Pogs... So much money wasted on Pogs and slammers...
Cause they are assholes
oh for sure if you can’t stand that sorta stuff being a farmer is prob a lot better for your personality.  But on the flip side if you’re cool being more corporate and what not and hate physical labor then selling insurance might be better for you.
Loud exhausts
Pizza. I hate pizza so much. I have told some people, and lol, some were shocked.  I don't really like burgers either
There’s a huge different between having self-esteem and being a narcissist. Narcissists make everything about themselves.
Electric scooters being illegal, are you f**king kidding me? Just hurry up and make them legal already, they harm nobody and are better than cars or motorcycles.
Pico De Gallo. I used to love this shit, but my taste buds did a little trolling and now cilantro tastes like mint. Now I can't stand it :(
I see god blessed me with a small brain too
Cookie monster apparel lmao
Being funny
Armageddon, that asteroid was right all along.
I mean the dildo cost a stupid amount of money and the size was listed incorrectly. I guess both then?
At the risk of coming across as a boorish slob, it would have made hearing that slightly easier. Nay, nay.
The sweet sweet taste of suffering
Daft Punk disagrees.
We used to carpool to school with some white family friends. They would hug, kiss and say I love you when getting dropped off. I remember thinking they were sissies. I don't even know the word for love in my first language.
Matt Damon
Explaining how deep the average vaginal canal is before telling me how long your dick is. Yes, this has happened.
Game of Thrones was THE big thing for so long that not watching it caused you to miss out on whole spheres of social interaction with others. Then the last season happened and the reaction was so overwhelmingly negative that it was basically purged from the collective consciousness overnight. All of a sudden nobody wanted to talk about it anymore.
Then you might have missed out on this/these gem(s): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQeBsm9gykU&list=PLC54583BD68C47E38
I might be too late to this thread, but when I was really little (too young to remember) my dad was taking my brother and I to the mall to see Santa. However on the way, I had fallen asleep so my dad decided to turn the car around and just go home. It's a good thing he did as a plane had crashed into the mall shortly afterwards.  https://www.nytimes.com/1985/12/25/us/4-killed-and-88-injured-as-plane-hits-coast-mall.html
(From an American POV)  There are none.  The left is no longer liberal, they're leftist.  The right is more liberal than the left these days but unfortunately the party "of the right" is still chock full of scumbag Republicans. It's slowly getting better but nowhere near as fast as I'd like.
I also choose fire.  A bandolier full of hairspray bottles and a zippo.
Joseph Campbell - The Power of myth
Feel like about 500,000 people aren't still here.
It sounds like FINAL DESTINATION: THE LONG CON.   THIS SUMMER, DEATH IS A SLOW BURN.
Not really.   You can buy a car for a few grand, and you‘re still only paying maintenance costs for 12 months of driving whether you split that between multiple cars or not doesn’t make such a huge difference.
Probably something related to animals or nature
At least you made an accidental typo joke?  Just a she'll of a person
Bob
Deep inside I just want to hug a turtle and then shoot myself. The past 2 years have gone to shit and I've witnessed horrifying things. Please, someone pass me a fucking gun.
Can't wait to listen to a reddit reading on this
Bacon. Even the smell makes me wanna gag.
A cooker
Lol, whatever you say.
Story time: I was in Hawaii when the ballistic missile warning came through on our phones a few years back. We thought we were going to die for 30 minutes. Actually, everyone thought we were going to die for 30 minutes. The bars were packed and people were really scared.   Theeeenn we got the message that it was a false alarm….. calling my girlfriend of the time back… was not fun
What do you mean? Like as in myself or my surroundings?
I just think that it's so sad and frustrating that society has gotten to the point where it's reasonable to default to assuming a woman is being abused. I've had to literally fight to have my husband be with me in more than one medical setting. It's exhausting when you're there because you aren't doing well, and now you have to try and convince everyone that your husband isn't an abuser! Doctors, if I'm correct, have training to identify signs of abuse. If they don't or can't, that needs more training, not banning husbands.
Grown men who gossip in the workplace.
*[PENIS FOR SCALE]*
"And you just decided to walk your fat ass home!" - My dad  I skipped a pointless afterschool class.
Gaming.
Becoming a cop?? Small-dick energy only because their balls are so big!   Being a cop is hard and people like you make it much harder.
I got divorced about a year ago, I was drinking heavily and smoking alot of pot.....after the divorce I dont really drink or smoke anymore and my depression nearly evaporated after the initial shock wore off!! Toxic relationships can be brutal
yeahhhhhhh
Dunno about others but I personally laugh at Feminism. Because all you women can really actually do is talk shit about men in a comfortable and a well protected environment. But the moment you step outside into the real world your tails that were earlier waggling behind your backs shrink to nothing. All of you have the herd victim mentality and you all think that all men are rapists etc
Something something let God sort them out
Now that sounds interesting 🔥 hahaha
It is, in fact, a phase
Japanese biker gang
Lifted trucks.
Idk man I’ve been on Reddit for two years , this my alt. Still new ig
It would have to be something really simple. Maybe.... The Entertainer?  https://youtu.be/fPmruHc4S9Q
Now "report back to us" of the fruits of your great good deed of your life.
Presumably all that is true, but still since the application was filed as a marriage petition, shouldn't it still have faced the sort of scrutiny in terms of investigating whether our marriage was legit versus a marriage of convenience?
Literally same. I've heard child puking horror stories from my families and it definitely scares the hell out of me. I just have to keep telling myself that those are hopefully only a few days out of a lifetime of your child 😭
Every single time that Lois Lane die. Mrs. Good Guy become bat crazy insane, conquer the world and become his supreme dictator. EVERY SINGLE TIME! He is not a good guy, he is just a selfish guy that like to play super hero to make him feel good about himself.   Like rich people in twitter.
Describe “god awful music” 😂
You have been banned from /r/pyongyang
Grow up
Cheese
I'm definitely over 300 hours but maybe not by much. I'm 33 and probably at 400-500 hours of sexy time in my life.
We need to be free to become rich
I’m obsessed with dick size because I compare my dick size with my cousin (we’re competitive in everything)
cell phone one is questionable, I still use an Iphone G3 and it works just as good as the day I bought it.
Nopey nope nope
Kways
I’m not proud o how drunk I’ve been at parties, but when my friends have told me to sleep at their house and said I shouldn’t drive… I’m at least proud that I’ve never fought them on it. Usually re buy their whiskey for them after too. He and his wife are great for lookin out for people.   Shit I’ve also let bartenders call me an Uber. I have an impulse control issue. But luckily not an ego issue
Some of the characteristics that make this person attractive enough to find someone else make him or her attractive to you too.
I can only talk about my own childhood were trying to turn the other cheek just made things worse and worse. until the day I fought back.  after that, they left me alone. tolerating a bully is never the right answer.
It really depends on where you're walking. But basically dont walk down dark streets with no people around. Stick to well lit, populated streets with lots of traffic if there's no people.
If I remember correctly, they were a Spanish family (The film director is Juan Antonio Bayona).
Folger's Crystals.
Quitting a job about a month before they stopped making payroll.  Got my pension deductions back because it had just started and hadn't vested.   Then everyone found out the pension deductions had not been invested but I guess were a way to pay less money out?
Live in a safe area where I don’t need to fear walking alone at night.
that's awful, did the guy get caught?
Agreed.  Best done in three sets of four, with a decrescendo after accenting the first chugga in each set.
Old country music is the best music of all time
Uncanny.  My last duty station in the service was in Florida when I decided to separate, and I decided that I really wanted to do a road trip, so I shipped everything home and planned a route to drive to California.  I went through the heartland which happened to be passing through Colorado.  I was excited about this particular movie and it came out during my trip.  I passed on it despite the extreme temptation, thinking that my mom would love to see it with me and I should hold off so we could enjoy it as a first time experience for both of us.   Doing that probably saved my life. I also ended up seeing that movie about five times in the theater between other family and friends.
She married a guy that all of my friends say looks exactly like me… creepy but flattering 😛
eSports, Youtube, Twitch.  Anything the youths are doing, really.
Tactile Neck
Don't worry, I don't know at what point I am already, there is too much variance in my days to be able to know it, the bad thing is that those times I tried there was also this variance. You have a point there, I think and I have come to learn, that nobody really wants to die ever, it is just that we are overwhelmed by all this, to the extent that our mechanisms are flooded and they cannot take it anymore. It's true that those of us who try just want it to stop. The feeling and the time are too much to continue with. That's why I've always looked for "quiet" methods of doing it, although there really aren't any that meet the specs. I have already been and am going to therapy, although I have never felt much progress to be honest; as I mentioned, everything is a disaster with a lot of variance.
Last winter decided on a whim to move from Canada to work online by the beach in Mexico during the cold season. Left two days later. A week after that Trudeau shutdown the borders and the provincial government put on a curfew that lasted 5 months.
"I think its Brown wire earth"
Are they routinely hated?  I'm too old and not with it to know what's cool to hate these days.
"And that is my cue to lock the doors and grab my gun."
I always carry a pocket knife and I always scan people's hands (Already saved me a coulpe times)  I stay away from walls and if I have to cross paths with someone, I do it in such a way that I have an escape route in case they jump me.   If push comes to shove, try to get the first hit, hit hard, hit fast, don't stop hitting
I think they were all carefully curated pipedreams to bait private investors
A presto electric pot. This thing is soo versatile. It can boil pasta and it can deep fry too.
I've told my son that if he wants to smoke pot, I'd prefer that he wait until he's an adult, but I won't freak out if he does. But for the love of all sanity, don't touch speed or cocaine or heroin no matter what. For us folks who have ADHD, speed and meth and any other kinds of uppers feel so amazingly good that we can end up addicted right from the word go. There are enough legal ways for us to get stimulants that the extra dangerous illegal ones are off limits.
Psychonauts
I love the movie, "Twilight". I know it's horrible, I don't care.  (Please don't tell anyone.)
I've had a moment like that once in my life. I got off the Autobahn to drive across rural Germany on my way home, and suddenly I just... felt like I was about to hit a deer. It was the middle of the night, so that was likely, but I'd went that way plenty of times before, there aren't even any deer crossing signs, but I was just suddenly overwhelmed with the intense sensation that I was going to hit a deer.  I drove the rest of the way home a bit below the speed limit and remained as alert as I could be. I actually braked a few times for weird reflections and shadows of lightposts. And then, shortly before my home, a truly massive rabbit suddenly ran into the road and hopped along the road in front of my car. I braked in time, which I probably wouldn't have been able to if I had gone the speed limit at my regular alert level, because there was just no way I could have seen it coming. Not exactly deer amounts of damage, but definitely a lot of unsightly things inside a broken radiator if I'd hit that thing going the allowed 100 km/h. Even with the 60 I was going, it was damn close.  Never had such a feeling again... if I ever do, I'm definitely listening.
An AK-47
Because it's tedious, and you're the one with the question lol
> ght? I mean, as unprofessional as it would have been during an interview, maybe shit on the guys work. At least that is some sort of criteria by which to judge. >  > Yeah, turns out that place was an absolute  An insecure one.
 "Genetics."
The song I just wrote because no one has heard it.
Shut up nerd.
I just bought the FCAROLYN 3D eye patch from Amazon (I know...I know) and it's like a comfy sweater for your eye. Not itchy, doesn't run on your skin and stays in place.   I'm totally down for cyclops not wearing an eye patch, but sometimes it's just easier to wear one than to talk to people about it! You can always bedazzle it too.
🤣🤣 I didn’t even know those were a thing! Sounds cringe worthy lol
Influencers
unless the content is simply produced incorrectly, having a bad reaction like that to 3D content usually means you have an actual vision problem.
I say that every time I get out of the shower LMMFAO
Why not just ask him to move down the street?
Also when we had happier popular new music instead of all the depressing songs today 😞
Did you start Covid?????? Can we trace it back to you??
I got banned from r/whitepeopletwitter for saying things are better now than during WWII.
Yeah! It actually was! I'm guessing you scrolled through my posts since I've talked about it at length before.
unless what 😏
i listen to lots of hip hop and Cardi B.   why wouldn't I?
You’re telling me that Pym particles don’t exist?
Not so much weird but stupid. When asked where I see myself in five years I answered "I'll be sitting in your seat in two" Obviously didn't get the job
Michael Jackson thought us all how to safely do it
Having sex.
^^^
Earthbound is considered one of the best games on the SNES although on release it bombed pretty hard in the west due to poor marketing
Right you are.  I would say to Texas/Florida in particular and trumpniks even more particularly: Just because another moron agrees with you does not make you right.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Trader Joe's had these amazing [Mango flavored tortilla chips](https://chipreview.wordpress.com/2013/05/26/chip-rating-381/amp/) about a 15 years ago, which I've never been able to find anything like again.  My dad picked up a bunch one time, which was a good move since I could happily go through a whole bag in a day.
In a misguided attempt at Nanny-Stating guns, California does not allow the sale of guns without magazine disconnects for this reason. The problem of course is that the majority of guns do NOT have magazine disconnects. So, what happens when Billy, who fully expects that all guns do not fire without a magazine gets his hands on a NORMAL gun without a magazine disconnect? He shoots himself because California conditioned him to rely on a safety that only exists in SOME guns, instead of relying on his brains and the basic gun safety rules.
Lmao - didn’t they come out with a commercial that said something like “they are not getting smaller, you are just getting bigger”  Edit:  here you go - not a commercial, but allegedly from their website.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uhtGOBt1V2g
\*step-rover proceeds to hit the other one with a shovel and it starts working properly\*
He never got over the early 2010's fad of being unreasonably angry with people who don't eat gluten "for no reason." As an aside, I'm a celiac and I'm so glad a lot of people went gluten free for whatever reason. Before that, the gluten free options were shit, if there were any at all.
Generally curious what’s the difference?
>I planned to tell you after we got married. I knew you wouldn't be able to escape at that point and I am only going to be worse after we're married.
Lol I dunno
Sugary metal
Jokes on you I don't feel alive
I spend hours scrolling on Reddit when everyone thinks I'm reading my MBA textbooks and they leave me alone.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Okay first of all I'm not even going to go to the child yard insult thing.    Written word is absolutely an attempt to emulate spoken word. That is its purpose. And to do this in the most accurate way possible.  But since you have nothing else to say other than to throw out insults that bear no logic, then I am out of this conversation at this point.  BTW, not a man.
stuffing the turkey
That pickles were cucumbers.  Never really thought about it until I was like 23. Was eating a burger with a friend and they asked if I was going to eat my cucumber, and I started to respond, “it’s a pickle not a…” Never felt so dumb in my life for never having this realization before
Elmo’s the Boss.
A small dick.
The internet
Interviewer introduced herself as Anita.  I said, "Anita, well great to meet you because A-nita job."
I had never of heard of matza until now!
Murder of the entire human race
People who believe in being a “sigma male”
My cat answers every question I ask, so probably that. He loves to communicate with his meows
It’s generally been great. The good ones I’ve had have been long distance so it’s like maybe a couple times a year they swing through or I swing through. We bone for a few days, chill and do stuff like go to bars or see some shows, make some food, go out to a meal or two, then we part ways and say that was fun cya next time.   The ones that haven’t worked for me are when they’re in my town. One of us ends up getting too relationshippy at some point and the other gets uncomfortable and ends it.
Everything from here down screams small dick energy. The whole pack of you.
Lifted diesel trucks with trump flags or thin blue line flags.
Driving on the correct side of the road bc I killed a family of 6 by not following the law
Oh, my previous employer!
I push nearly everyone away.
Sick, poor, and brainwashed.
Promiscuity.
I want a job before I start dating.  I need to know what I can offer people.
You act like I want too, like I'll take joy from it. I'll cry but I need to eat too.
This is not unpopular.
ah nah.  I'm my own worst enemy.  I thought it'd be bitchin to go wherever I want
Al Franken
He had literally dropped one the dopest albums I have ever heard and he lived only a few hours from me.  It took a friend who visited Australia and heard this new musician all over the radio to que me into him.  My friend made me a mixtape (this was that era) with three songs from the album. As soon as I heard it I immediately went and picked it up. Pretty much listed to that album everyday for 4 years straight. To this day if he puts anything out (and he does regularly) I pick it up and I haven't been disappointed yet. To this day 25 years later, he is still my favorite musician but he's still relatively unknown since it isn't radio music.     Musician: DJ Shadow
4+hours overtime
No. I have never made a sandwich with hamburger buns. I only buy hamburger buns when im making hamburgers, but i always have a supply of sliced bread.
I was held at gunpoint, wondering when they'd pull the trigger. I heard a bang, then it hit me.....
Not really...
Metal flows through my veins but I find Iron Maiden, Megadeth, Anthrax, Celtic Frost, and Venom to be tremendously boring and there are far better offerings to choose from.  The only one that has an album I care to listen to is Venom's "At War With Satan".  I love countless bands they influenced but otherwise they themselves do nothing for me.
You should see his child labor cobalt mines in DRC.
I meant to say that I'd feel really lucky to be considered but I told them they should feel lucky I considered them.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I don’t even know who them people are
Using tik tok
I was part of that!!! Best evening I've spent after work in awhile
There is absolutely no reason to eat a meal on a domestic flight filled with people. 2, 3, 4 hour flights are for snacks only. Candy, pretzels, etc. If you get on a flight from Dallas to Phoenix and bring your nasty ass nachos with you, you should be removed from the flight. I don't want to smell your food and listen to you chew wjth your mouth open like an animal while you're sitting 6 inches from me.  The only acceptable time to eat a full meal next to someone on a flight is an international flight where food is being served.
I have a pocket knife and I'm 380lbs of pissed off looking. Sometimes people bother me but they generally don't want any after I start walking away. I guess they feel it's not worth it or they "won" if I walk away   I did have a guy hold a knife to my throat once. I kinda panicked but then said "do you really want to kill an officer of the court?" I'm not a lawyer but he didn't know that lol.  Anyway he hit me on the back of the head really hard and I fell but I didn't pass out and he ran away. I just got some bruises and my head bled a bit.
CDs 💿
Not even shouting, just basic rudeness and condescending tone to people who are just trying to do their job.
Wow, schizophrenia with a comorbidity of bipolar.  Honestly, you wouldn't be ready for that kind of commitment at any time.  Hell, I only have the bipolar part and I'm damn near impossible to live with AND I'm medicated.
Being raised properly.
HA! I have at least three bodies older than that.
Banging girls on sprinbreak in Cancun raw dog
Last year my dad started dating a woman I did not like or trust from the moment I met her. Single mother (which is fine but her kids are quite young and annoying), bipolar (at the time not on meds), horrible with money, who drinks and takes drugs. Quite the catch. After like 3 months of dating she moved in with her. I hated her guts so I spent all my time at my fathers place alone. My home life at my moms place was the usual horrible. Nothing new there but still shit. Then covid hit. I'm very extroverted so being alone all the time wasn't what I needed especially being at home. I couldn't go to school to escape my problems. I was going crazy. By the end I was almost all the time angry or frustrated with something and started to become unstable.   Then school started again and got heartbroken. On top of that one of the adults was really messing up bad. She knew where it hurt and made sure it did. I was depressed and became quite unstable for a while. Combine all that with all the unhealed trauma from high school and my home life and the already low self esteem. Yeah... 0/10 would not go through that again. Now that school is over for me I'm getting better. So there's a happy ending I guess.
Living rent free in your head is pretty nice :)
Some people still fail to understand the wind powered vehicle going faster than the wind. It is weird to think about lol
username checks out
I exercise to manage my anxiety levels. I literally can’t go without exercising for more than 3 days
Getting loud or punching walls when ur mad
Zeppelin deserves all the flack they get for ripping off their songs, but you can't deny the sheer talent they all brought to it. Yeah, they didn't write You Shook Me, but they killed it
Judging others based on appearance or harmless behavior. It’s unnecessary and hurtful.
Dr. Frank-N-Furter in Rocky Horror
Great idea.   &#x200B;  /s
Yes. I was watching the good doctor recently in hulu and i believe they had a covid episode.
Absolute bullocks,  I’ve been hearing this for my entire career. (20+ years) The truth is that most corporations would happily switch to India if the quality of the product they are creating remained consistent but every single product I’ve seen has suffered as a result of involving overseas devs. That’s not to say overseas devs are incompetent but they lack life experience from the country that is outsourcing to them. It makes business owners reluctant to involve them due to the difficulty in communication.     Hope that helps :)
So regular Peppa Pig?
"People" are not one giant monolith. Generally, the ones who simp for Musk and Bezos and the ones who want to properly tax the wealthy are different people.
Years ago one of my hot pockets had literally zero filling! I’ve been scarred ever since and haven’t looked twice at one
I'll check it out. Thanks
u/loltyler1
Hugs. I hate that it’s so damn common because I feel like I still feel the effects of it today and it grosses me out to know so many other people are living with that same secret.
Doesn't everyone do this?
Saying you have big dick energy
Being Republican.
Hiroshima: Well, I guess I'm out of the conversation
Free fallin’ by Tom Petty
I think he meant he moves away from the woman to make her feel safer
Oregon where its legal to do any drug
There really should be a law against this
Mmhm, I'm sorry you had to go through that, I sincerely hope you're doing better
I usually just don't listen and if she asks me if I did I just say "WHAT?" and point to my ear, that usually does the trick.
Was that life fucking you or yourself?
I get rid of the ones who were involved if the Jeffery Epstein theories are true , then I make the rest actually fucking do something to help the people and not the rich and old for once
Interesting - my wife's brother married a Canadian woman, who is now trying to become a US citizen, and they asked my wife to provide a written reference that their marriage was not a sham, and other things like that.
The depth perception isn't that bad since I've had lots of time to work with it, but my main issue is blind spots and traffic awareness. It's harder for me to check my left side because I need to turn my head farther, which takes my eye off the road ahead
Are those men or women? Asking because I’m a white male who has been called out multiple times at work by Hispanic women who said stop using “Hispanic” and use “Latinx” instead.
Following your football team home and away every week.
The glove didn't fit, dude. Get over it. Leave the Mr. Juice alone!
Yeah, the current right-wing policies center around fixing nothing and breaking everything.
Yeah and Garth has bodies hidden at studio g.
Dolphins.  They are the most racist animal. They will bully, sexually assault and kill other dolphins of different sizes, colors or ones that have different spots than them. I can imagine their insults would be pretty fucking brutal.
Emphasis on the grown ass.
Can't believe I had to scroll down this far to see his name. The stories that have recently come out about him, like chasing a girl naked with an ax trying to kill her, are simultaneously really shocking and totally expected.
The Schindler's list
Unpopular opinion, but Keanu Reeves. Have spent time with him and he’s… odd. And who builds such a positive PR campaign around themselves?! Obvs serial killer 😆😆😆
Don't think , just enjoy
Marry an old woman (74) and be her love of her life, then wait for her to have a stroke then put her into a trash bag. Drive into the middle of the United States Dessert, dig a 6ft hole and put her in there. Then go to your local police station and say your wife has gone missing while you were on a business trip, then book a ticket to a tropical island, pull our your 9mm pistol and shoot yourself in the head. Go to the depths of hell and live the rest of your life there knowing your the devil himself 😁
We’ve had 90% tax rates on upper incomes essentially doing this.  It works fine. Obviously theres lots of money to be made to convince people its a terrible idea so no way it happens again.
Estate tax is morally wrong. You work, you pay taxes, you save, you invest, you pay capital gains taxes.By the time you are dead you have already paid taxes on the income you managed to save. Taxing it again is double taxation.
break a leg
Amogus memes  I'm sick of them
It's hard to say what's my most left-wing idea is so here's a few.  Big corporations should be broken up  Protect the environment, invest in nuclear power  Legalize abortion and weed  Demilitarize the police  Background checks for gun purchases  Insure the rich are paying taxes
Personally, I found it to be an unnecessary amount of control over my life that I was giving away for the illusion of acceptance.  However others' experience may vary.  If it it truly brings you peace, joy and comfort, I say go for it.  If not, I'd question why I'm there.
He already has a body count from hoarding wealth and his factories.
I meant crafts plural. But for a specific example, the last video I watched was a guy who dedicated his life to crafting calligraphy brushes. He was talking about one of his brushes and how he perfected it over 20 years.
Sleeping with my wife Gal Gadot.
Negative creep- nirvana
>But the number of friends I have who were downright insulted if you weren't completely in her corner, she's the greatest thing since sliced bread, etc, was baffling.   The middle has been trying to tell the left for *years* that you can't spend 8 years (the Obama years) calling everyone who disagreed with your Guy in the White House a racist and then expect them to side with you when the next candidate comes along.  And they played the same card with Hillary.  "There's a special place in Hell for women who don't support other women."  Funny, don't remember them have that same attitude when Sarah Palin was on a ticket somewhere. . .
I don't know what school you attended, but in my classes, you had to attend to pass. If you didn't rent the text or do the homework, tough. I allowed four excused absences per semester. Sleep in class? Are you KIDDING me? (Well, I had one student who nodded off in class, but she was a heroin addict.) ALL students have attendance tracked because if a college is taking federal money it has to track attendance BY LAW. (That student tuition you so proudly paid barely covered 20 percent of the actual cost to present that class.) And as an instructor, I had to teach the full hours required for each class each semester. If students didn't meet academic standards for two semesters in a row (dropped classes, failing grades) they were not allowed to register again. They were forced to take a year's hiatus.  It isn't racist or shitty--a college has a finite amount of money to spend, so why should it be wasted on someone who doesn't take his/her education seriously? This isn't high school 2.0. You don't get to goof off all semester and then complete "extra credit" to pull off a passing grade. Unlike high school teachers, I'm not a babysitter. And no one is going to pressure me to pass a student. No, everyone isn't 18. I had students from thirteen-year-olds to 83-year-olds in my classes, and some of them left the 18-year-olds in the dust. I had one student who was receiving kidney dialysis, but missed only one class.  I earned my graduate degree while I was active duty military, working a full duty day and then attending college at night and every weekend--for two years. GI bill as it exists today didn't exist post-Vietnam. Because I was active duty, the government covered 75 percent and I covered 25 percent. I received no GI bill whatsoever.
I’m pro choice, I’m even religious. I do come at it from that angle too. God tells us not to abort children but has always given us free agency whether we want to follow him or not. It’s not my job or anyone else’s to try to push those same religious beliefs on to others. I think that’s bullshite.
Ranger panties.
I am looking for suger mummy
 Take Me Home, Country Roads
No matter how high you jump from, as long as there is a small cart full of hay, you'll be fine.
There's a couple of really cool SCP animated YouTube channels.
MBS style.
Have you met most people?
ditto
Arthur Morgan’s last ride
Should pitch this to Netflix tbh
No problem, I'm sure there are more. It's absolutely crazy that you can be fired for your political beliefs in the US.  In Canada, political expression is protected and your employer can't discriminate against you for supporting a political party or candidate. The protections increase for federally regulated and unionized workers. In my (unionized) position, even if I was a Hells Angels gang member, with a known drug addiction, that openly supported an extremist political party - I couldn't be fired as long as my job performance is good and my behavior while at work didn't break any company policies or safety rules (i.e. showing up to work intoxicated).
I have learned many strange things about you Earth creatures on Reddit.
Everyone who has worked with people (buyers, customers, etc.) sometimes presents himself as a serial killer...
It all in their behavior and personality, appearance has little to say
His shoelaces
Alec Baldwin
Seagulls
Eating a mushroom is like eating a cancerous tumour. Flavour and texture
Agreed.
Wrongly (and knowingly) used taxe money is theft, taxes themself are a part of what makes a society
yup - both sides of my family are like Prince Philip. They whisper bonmots into your ear at funerals that make you guffaw - and then politely offer their handkerchief to wipe away your years.
Lawyers and accountants would make even more by helping their client beat the system in much the same way they do now.
Hard agree
Class of nuke'm high
Sleeping. It's like 4am almost, dog woke me up two hours ago and I couldn't fall back asleep.
If it’s males.. have a willing participant show some titties or shake their ass.  Women…. Tell them they are right, you understand their viewpoint and ask how can y’all fix it.
Fine print, gets me every time.
Oh I am here for the Seagal slander. I have never comprehended that guy's career. Just how. Who owed who what and why?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Great Escape by Seventh Wonder
Life plays a cruel joke on me, only ever causing me to cross paths with someone I end up feeling passionately for but could never be with for one reason or another. Rinse and repeat.
In the US, once a requirement is put in place it can be modified at the whim of the ruling party. (See recent voting changes in red states)  The agency requiring ID can also restrict access to IDs.  Also, each level of government can mandate a specific type of ID for an election, thus requiring separate forms of ID to vote in an election baring federal, state and municipal matters on a single ballot.
same as twitter id say. it’s rarely going to just randomly pop up, you have to go out of your way to find it so it’s not bad tbh
Shoelaces
Same. And honestly they were way too easy to get! Mine were gifted to me by someone who had already done the background checks and had a license to carry so he walked in and out the same say. Since he’s my dad and I wasn’t paying him anything for them he could give them to me no problem. Like the most difficult time we had was when he shipped some to us. My brother had to do a class or something to be able to pick them up because we were in California which is a lot stricter.   Idk I love going to the range (I miss owning property or being somewhere with free ranges so dang much, because it gets expensive). We need stricter laws though and honestly I wouldn’t be opposed to mental health checks of some sort but I have no idea what that would look like.
I love a good apron, and they seem extremely underrated to me.
Well that was rude.
I see you took money from big oil and big pharma.  Will  you still be open to bribes from big tobacco?
Not working hard enough.
So? The point is for enough people to have faith in the system. If you just assume that people won't have faith in it, disregard their concerns, and don't try to improve the system, things will only get worse.  You can increase the confidence of many people by implementing rather simple things (like paper ballots, random audits, voter ID). Instead, you'd rather not because a small percent of the population will always distrust the system? That's when you begin losing more moderates.   If people don't think the government is legitimate, then you have a crisis.
My whole familie dying and zombies
“Same shit I do to women when I know I used to fuck”
When he shuts his zipper too fast in “Something about Mary”.
Excuse me??
Do you need help? Not with murder but with you mental well-being?
na, he would use all the private information to commit the perfect crime.
I mean........
I’d want this too. It’s 2 am and I have a meeting around the time I usually wake up so it would be very helpful.
I think he waited too long. This is my first response to you and I'm about to get on a plane to come see you too.
Julian Assange can rot in custody.
Very small rooms with no exit and/or zombies
UK from east to west and back again
Many Men - Metro Boomin & 21 Savage
Sounds like something Charlie Kelly would write
That the government in my country (Germany) is right to demand covid vaccine passports on entry to bars, restaurants and other places people like to go to. It's considered quite authoritarian and right wing here, but I don't see it as "the government controlling us". I see it as a necessary part of getting over the covid pandemic. People who aren't willing to do their bit for society should be banned from doing the things they enjoy.  I don't know if that's really a right wing view tbh, but I've had many discussions with friends about it and people are 50/50 on it.
Not everyone's first time is very memorable I've heard that's fine
Just realised Luke's daddy is a giant walking talking sex toy   *logs off*
You callin me a puss bruh?
I am looking for suger mummy
Deans around here will only get aggressive if they have a nest. Geese are aggressive just because.
Your dog is far more useless to society than a child who will become a contributing member of society.
You mean true or accurate
Or latin
Murderer or super desperate.
credit cards so something similar too. look up check digits
Regrets, being dead is ez the only thing i fear is the last seconds/minutes where you know you will die.
I was at a summer barbecue with my parents at their friends place, probably 10 years old. There was this woman who owned a muscle car, she was heavily intoxicated and decided to get into the car to show it off to the guys, revving it up. She started it up, somehow it got put into gear.. throwing the car forward down a hill with lots of trees... her left leg was hanging out of the car and got heavily crushed by the door and trees pushing the car door closed. I'll never forget the sound of her screaming and her hot pink flip flops.
I get into awful car crashes (parents arguing leads to them driving off a bridge into a lake, spinning out of control on the road and crashing into a brick wall, car flipping 4 times). All thse dreams seem so realistic that I wake up with actual anxiety. I just got my beginners license and I've had these nightmares before although I was never really scared of driving (this theme just kept popping up every time I slept) but now I feel uncomfortable behind the wheel.   I have a huge fear of a death and I guess car accidents happen so quick and it's hard to react in the few seconds you have so it's frightens me the most (especially when it's in my hands as I'm the one driving)
He really wants to be a James Bond villain huh
Army hammer.
Lmao good point
Really? That makes it harder for me.     I feel like pronouns would be easier to remember unless you're somehow surrounded by people constantly changing their pronouns or something similar. Most trans people obviously are trying to present their gender. No  And maybe I can only say this because I don't know many NB people, so it's still kinda unique to me, but I've never forgotten their pronouns. I might slip up in a sentence because Im not used to it, but If I recognized them I'd know their pronouns even if I didn't know their names.    My biggest concern is that I'd do the whole "oh yeah I *totally* remember you, with absolutely no memory of them whatsoever. Then I'd look like I was purposefully misgendering them when really I just have the memory of a goldfish
depends on age. teenager- $50.  20s/30s- $100. unless it's close family friend and maybe you pitch in to parents' gift, then $200-$300 for weddings/babies. but i agree with others here; it should be what you can afford. and frankly, if it's a destination wedding requiring a hotel and either flight or 3+ hr drive, i would feel comfortable giving A LOT LESS because i'm already spending significant money (many hundreds) just to be there.   you might also consider reaching out to someone in the bridal party (groomsmen/bride's maids) if they have any insight on what the occasion will be like. for example, if the attendee gift is worth more than yours, that would be baaaad.   also, for weddings, remember that you have up to 6 months to send a gift. so you can totally go to the wedding, then give accordingly.
periods suffice, good job
Damn, tell your parents to stop being so trashy
\*all my questions keep getting flagged.
Lid Sucker
Ketchup
I get what you're saying as far as the intention being for use in academic fields.  What is the point of Latinx? CRT seems to have a reason for existing.
Anyone else notice all of the top rated comments aren't really to the "right" at all?
You. Will. Be. Loved. And. Lusted. 👁 I see it and nor do I want to anymore. The seeing eye sees to much
I always find thinking like this makes me live in the present so much more.
This is not entirely true, at least in the dominant way of thinking about international relations in the US.  The US aids poorer countries often to be able to have more control over a given region, instead of another powerful nation with opposing interests, like China.
Wow
>saw you in a movie once  More like saw them in every movie, 15 times
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A true British classic.
Because we can.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Grindelwald.
Your parents expect the best out of you and look down on you having middle class or poor friends.
Surviving, people from the previous generations had first hand experiences.Therefore they know what to do even if they have limited resources.Nowadays,we have everything around us and natural resources are getting limited so in an emergency or an apocalypse,they'll die easily without modern gadgets.
Alec Baldwin
Yall aren't gonna believe me but the only scene I have ever cried about was in a cubing documentary and it was when felix zemdegs explained his relationship with max Park and it was just so sad
Seagles. They are already pretty terrifying and they don't care about anything
“Forth ~~Eor~~Cunnilingus!”
Equality of opportunity not equality of outcome
I personally dont find him funny but the outrage was totally unnecessary. Dude is a comedian and he makes fun of shit. Simple as that.
not rly a job but my parents paying me to look after my brother for a few hours 3 months ago
Absolutely fuckin not. If I had my druthers, Zuck would face a firing squad.  Curiously, I read that study put out by the Brits--all 77 pages of it. My coworker, who's an antivaxxer, pulled out a chart out of that paper showing that most of the patients who died had been vaccinated.  Like all antivaxxers, he cherry picked the hell out of that study. When I pointed out that that same study showed the Pfizer vaccine was 80% effective against the Delta variant, he suddenly didn't want to talk about it anymore.  His own data was cherrypicked. The vaccinated total included people who'd only had one jab.  Back to the topic. If John Doe was fully vaccinated, and gave his granny Covid, he knows that he did everything right, everything he possibly could have done.  By contrast, Fat Karen, who refuses to get vaccinated and won't wear a mask, has done nothing she could have done. The way I see it, she has committed involuntary manslaughter.   On a semi related note, a recent study showed that the antivaxxers showed the common trait of having a marked lack of empathy. I have no trouble believing this at all.
Don't answer your own question.
Crows man, those fuckers have us worked out.
Kfc and mcdonalds is disgusting
Making mini meals for their pet hamster
I be listening to country music and shiii
Sleeping
How about the following: You get issued a firearms card when you turn 18, free of charge. It's tied to the ID number on your driver's license to make it non-transferable. Every citizen gets mailed this card, whether they like it or not.  If you want to use the card, the gun shop person types all but the last 2 digits into their POS terminal, and the terminal queries the FBI database for the 100 possible returns. The clerk then manuly looks through the neatly ordered results for "your" number, and gives you the gun if it comes up clean. Otherwise (or if you don't present your card), no sale.   What this does is make it impossible for the government to know who's buying what or who even uses their card, while on the other hand getting rid of waiting periods and still keeping a background check system in place.
Chris Brown.
I would most certainly try to blend in. As a woman I would probably be killed for being a witch or a heretic. Join a convent, try to do some good as a nun. Maybe have some 'visions' that help me make the right choices.
AY YIE YIE!!
I'm left of centre on most things, but my most anti-left opinion is on immigration. Coming from a country which has faced mass immigration, which the government did nothing to prepare for, I have seen the detrimental impact on all aspects of society. From public services, public debate, the local population and the immigrant population. It got to the point where the politicians that allowed mass immigration began blaming immigrants for their mistakes. Basically everyone suffered to some degree.    I don't have anything against immigrants themselves. If you go back not all that many generations in my country we are ALL immigrants to some degree.    But I do have a problem with my fellow lefties who are not willing to acknowledge that immigration does have negative as well as positive impacts on the host society.    I believe it's actually a massive mistake on the part of the left and opens the door to the far right. If the left could have a open and honest discussion on this I believe we would see a reduction in far right activity and radicalism.
"have your cake and eat it"
I thought this was a Garth Marenghi reference but it's not
I mean, having between 100~500 is still being more rich than you'll ever actually need. You'd be able to retire and feed your family for life and most likely your kid's family too
I think his narcissism from being autistic makes it easier for him to make shitty decisions without caring mixed with him just kind of sucking. Almost 99% sure he’s not aspd though
Sacrilege!  Black pudding is the best part of a full English!
Not being an soyboy/girl
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The sheer beauty of fish and chips is often not appreciated as much as it should be.
Billionaires should exist, landlords are people and deserve to invest in property business needs space to grow and try new things - ! Space exploration is fucking important ! -   and I struggle with the idea that a lot of left leaning people I know don't think these are basic commonground items
Thank you! I will ask for it on my Christmas lift
Oh they are mean.   Piss one off and it’s going to make it it’s business to fuck you up.
Murder
to be fair they did answer the question correctly 😂
If you report a post, you'll literally see all of them
>We can all agree on that  We really can't.
watching one episode then ended up watching the whole season.
Angelfish. Especially those guarding some eggs or a female.
I moved to the UK eight years ago and I'm constantly shocked and disgusted by the leniency of sentences over here.  Rape a dozen women? Paroled in ten years.  Kill someone driving negligently? Two years suspended sentence and keep your license!
Too stupid
If there’s god and that ain’t ours.  Whoever created this universe wouldn’t solely focus on little planet in solar system. Hence, I consider religion is useless. It does have some benefits but overall it divided people by beliefs and often caused destruction by name of god. Of course anybody have freedom to what they believe but don’t force it to others. It’s annoying as fuck
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
probly cats
Ammo outdated?  Can you expand on this?
Is it so unreasonable to ask for specifics when you alluded to having specifics?
So basically just get right into working and not have a life. Government must love you.
Cereal. For me it's store brand "Cheerios" and almond milk. On rare occasions I will make a breakfast hash, or even better Spanish, "tortilla española."
Probably coz you keep stealing their feathers n it’s cold in Canada ay lol
To me, there is a difference between religion and faith. Believing that there is a supernatural being who created all this, who loves us, who has a plan with all of this, that's faith. It helps cope with life for many billions of people. It's believing in a story to give life more meaning than it just being a random and pointless DNA race that spans out over billions of years, and of which you are personaly insignificant in the grand scheme of things. It is comforting to believe that someone out there always is looking out for you, and that he has a purpose for you.   Religion on the other hand, is the criminal organisation that abuses this faith for money and power. While relegion might unite people if they have faith in the exact same story, it will divide all of those who believe in a (slightly) different story. Religion has the unique opportunity to take your faith, bend it with fear, and control your life because it supposedly affects what will happen to you in death. People are more than eager to die for religion, and as a result suicide bombings, holy wars, and countless crimes against humanity have occurred in the history of mankind. If you think social media is bad for dividing people to make a profit, you should thank religion for inventing the whole divide and conquer strategy thousands of years ago.   Faith has a place on this earth, we could do without religion though.
Hard to get a second date without a first one though.
Yeah, that's exactly my point. Violence (sadly) is necessary. To prevent more violence. Saying you don't own a gun to use it for violence, but for "defending yourself", is dishonest. Defending yourself **is** justified violence. In my mind.
Why don’t you go sit in a corner short pants.
That they are stupid arseholes without a basic grasp of how the economy works. Once they turn 14 years old they usually stop.
How to cook the right amount of pasta without weighing it
Youtube videos of minecraft and minecraft taught me how to speak fluent english.
I start on the outside and work my way in
Then how tf do I answer this question. Idk m8
I'd prefer for people to have the best chance for long-term survival, rather than to be educated and logical. Religion creates unresolvable long-term conflict, which creates competition. Competition drives technological innovation, and faster innovation means it's more likely we'll be in time developing ways to save humankind from species-killer threats like climate change, major asteroid, etc.
I grew up catholic and it was nice for me. I was scared of my family members telling me what was a sin. But it gave me a better idea of how to treat people properly. I’ve been abused mentally and physically before, but it was never in the church. It was actually a place where I felt like there was someone that wouldn’t care when I messed up, as long as I knew in myself that I felt what I did was wrong. I’m agnostic now, but that feeling of knowing that even if you mess up there’s still something that will love you for you was something I needed as a child.
I’d assume he’s talking about western countries, if you read his other comments.
Some POC, women, victims, and so called “unprivileged” want to be second class citizen, it’s their fetish
1.    Rule 1 - Questions must be clear and direct and may not use the body textbox    2.    Rule 2 - No personal or professional advice requests    3.    Rule 3 - Open ended questions only    4.    Rule 4 - No personal info    5.    Rule 5 - No loaded questions    6.    Rule 6 - \[Serious\] tagged posts are off-limits to jokes or irrelevant replies    7.    Rule 7 - No begging for goods or services, or Reddit rewards    8.    Rule 8 - Be respectful to other users at all times and conduct your behaviour in a civil manner    9.    Rule 9 - No image only replies or large ascii art    10.    Harmful Misinformation
thanks.  im 31 years old and alcohol has almost killed me, i dont know  5000, 10,000, 50,000 times by now?  this is just my experience, but yes its extremely difficult to actually stop, if your an alcoholic, which i am
I agree but to be fair i think OP meant what excuses have people used to indirectly put someone down, I know I used some dumb excuses in an attempy to not be rude lmao it usually backfires
Not sure how to help you there
The Matrix.  I can not describe the Domamatrix
This is a garbage take. "Toughen up" doesn't get you anywhere if you don't have the skills and tools to do so in a healthy way. "Toughen up" is what we did for centuries, and it resulted in the mental health crisis we have today. Mentally ill parents raise mentally ill children. It's just that this generation of mentally ill children is more aware, which actually gives them a chance to heal in the long run.   Of course not everyone who self-diagnoses with ADHD, OCD, or whatever else is actually majorly mentally ill or neurodiverse, but hell - dismissing a bunch of them as "wimpy ass people" is what got us into this mess in the first place.   We're gaining more awareness about mental illness as a society, and the surrounding stigma is getting less pronounced. More people are getting into therapy, which gives them the tools to improve their mental health. However, it does have the side effect that some people kind of over-identify with some symptoms and falsely self-diagnose themselves. I say let's be patient and tolerant with these people because overall, this is helping acceptance in society, which can only be a good thing.
Lol
no, i wanted to know if it's exploded head or hole-in head bcs i want to know the difference between movies and irl and thanks a lot for -22
Lol that's absurd. So I'm the most stereotypical like tiny hyper sensitive blonde bitch, I'm 5'3 and I love pumpkin spice lattes etc. But oh boy is "white girl wasted" a thing. Man I can drink A LOT. like I mean in college I got in the habit of drinking the equivalent of a 12 pack nightly.   Then I got in legal trouble and it was revealed to me that my Swedish grandparents were alcoholics.   Anyway, being able to drink a lot isn't a flex.
Tom Cruise.  That guy is a fantastic actor with “crazy eyes”
I just recently lost my faith.  My world view has taken a nosedive and honestly I don’t know how I’m going to turn this spiral around.  That said, I see no reason faith or religion should die, just the idiotic and Ass-backwards thinking.  God doesn’t hate gays.  If he did, he would hate them because of their sins, and if that were the case, he’d hate “you” too.
The most right wing opinion I have is still considered leftist in America /shrug
Ah so are you a towering hench Viking man! That certainly makes up for the sun thing
Explain them that not everyone turns out how you expect them to be, some people are good in other things and some are not
You really have to act a certain way around people to be a part of society. People will reject others' for their antisocial behaviors. This is a fact. They become an outcast or a "weirdo", so it's really important to learn how to be sociable. It's important in forming business relationships as well as other relationships.
Not only tape, the 1541 drive had a bug in it causing floppy’s to have a very long loading time as well. Whilst there were fastloaders to bypass the bug it wasn’t fixed until the 1541-II came out.
I am looking for suger mummy
I experience these as my primary nightmare. Rushing to the door to make sure it's locked and bracing it.  There's also being chased to avoid (being killed/repercussion of killing/both) that may lead to the doors
In Britain, you must indicate to come out of a roundabout at all times. Left for us.
Extreme left lol
Yeah. Religions are all based on falsehoods. It doesn't matter that a lot of religious people do good charitable work, since these are mostly the kinds of people who would do good charitable work without religion.
[maybe because Needles calls them names?](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/InsidiousWigglyAmurratsnake-max-1mb.gif)
Us
cqat
I somehow always dream about stairs. Just endless stairs that are impossible to climb.
Religions were the first disciplines. It’s not about religion it’s about having discipline
It wasn't really coined is my point. It was in use by the LGBTQ+ community for years before every being picked up by academia, which was just describing how it was being used by the LGBTQ+ community.  Honestly, whether Latinx is good or useful or popular is not up to me- as I am not a Latin American. It seems like a nice third term to encompass those who identify as neither male nor female, but I doubt it will ever replace the terms Latino and Latina entirely.
Camilo de Oliveira
I mean I wouldnt mind if it died out
> Are you literally comparing cops to rapists and murderers?  Wow, your powers of logic are astounding.  You claimed "most cops are good people" and then your justfification for that was the nonsensical reason that "most humans are good people" (and since cops are humans, you think that implies that therefore most cops must be good people). I pointed out the enormous flaw in this logic by giving extreme examples like murderers.  Jeeezus christ...
I lean to the left but there are definitely ideas or values from the right that I agree with. I think a lot of Americans on the left and right will find lots of common ground even there are things we disagree with.   I think a lot of political nuance is lost in the world of 24/7 news, sensational headlines designed for outrage and so on. Our two party system also encourages hyper partisanship with no compromises.    The only people who seem to be thriving from the current state of politics, regardless of who is in charge, are lobbyists, corporations and billionaires.
Share your wisdom
I always thought they’d made a droning buzz rather than a buzzing drone
Lmao I thought the same thing, magpies are rude af!
My wrong decisions
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Coffee
I will definitely do that!
I clicked on this post because I thought, at least one person has to comment Jared Leto 💀💀💀 made my day.
The snails immortal not invincible. You could just smoosh it with a book
Ha love that sub Reddit
space is infinite but it is contained in a finite space.  basic shape of the universe is spherical. gravity causes planets and objects to pull on each other and naturally shapes spheres.   Space is curved/bent, so as a person in the space, it would appear that you are traveling in a straight line but you're actually curving when viewed from outside of space.  there's a limit to how fast you can travel, before you become pure energy from an observer in space.  so, to exit our existance, you must travel in a truly straight line. To accomplish this, you must travel fast enough that all laws of existence stops affecting you and you must maintain your physical state. Once laws of existance, like gravity, stops affecting you, you will be able to travel in a straight line and you will be able to travel to the edge of existance and then exit.  this will possibly result in several possibilities?  traveling in a truly straight line is actually another dimension of direction, and you just enter a higher dimension, or  the speed you travel at will create a reality/existance sonic boom. a reality boom. Where all of reality and existance can't fill in the space behind you fast enough. That will either create a hole in existance that will either spread out uncontrollably or reality will rush in creating a 'boom' of such magnitude that all of reality will continue to rush in; resulting in the collapse/disintegration of all existence and reality
As a close to center conservative I like this idea. It gives everyone an equal but optional opportunity, and those who use it cannot be accused of sucking from the system without returning anything because they actually did something (though, the amount of years required might have to be different for a different difficulty job). Those who don't need the UBI or those who have no motivation to improve their lives won't want to work for the UBI, and less money will be wasted.
The Liberals are not right of center, especially not when compared to what they used to be. They are center at best, but due to their need to form a coalition with the NDP (And because Trudeau wants to come off a super progressive), they've pushed far more left of center than they ever have in the past. Even Wikipedia lists them as centre-left if you don't agree with me.  If you compare the stated policy decisions from during the election, there was almost nothing that the NDP and the Liberals disagreed on. Many of the policy decisions that the NDP push for wouldn't be widely accepted by the average Canadian when push comes to shove, but the Liberals basically implement all of their policies, toned down to a level of reasonability that can actually be achieved within the government.  If you honestly think the Liberals are right of centre, what exactly do you think are their right-ish policy decisions? And cronyism or authoritarianism isn't right-wing, if you're going to go there.
Is Masturbation a hobby
LOL when i was younger i wouldn’t understand the wrestle so I’d sleep with my tv on… in high school my room was next to theirs… i would literally bang on the wall like cmon now… so gross
Yes but I get the impression he'd like to watch. Guy gives me the creeps.
Kevin Spacey
its a good game but yeah the hype and praise it gets is baffling
Birds in the morning.
Unfortunately you have more then one day to pay taxes.  They are not due until you file, and even then there is the time to process and audit.
I guess people didn't want to actually die lol
I am looking for suger mummy
How amazing Wonderballs were. The original Nestle made ones. I know they have a version of them back out on the market, but they aren’t the same
Height
Absolutely
Danny D'vieto. He is hiding something I just know it.
There are voter rolls to compare to. Addresses are compared to polling stations. Signatures are checked.   https://apnews.com/article/donald-trump-wisconsin-election-2020-government-and-politics-daa3ac227c936d7fc038996af6e27cbe  Mostly it doesn't happen because it's a total pain in the ass for a person to attempt to cast 1 extra vote in even a lazy manner. A few dozen people trying to cast a second vote doesn't move the needle, but risks jail time.
Kinda not really. If it is solely a factor of increased demand it is. But if there is a shortage it is not.
He just became weird when I got together with my now husband, as in changed completely as a person. After that point (about 7 years ago now), we stopped talking. I think that was when I realised he probably quite liked me and was didn't know how to get over my new relationship.
That British have bad food, we don’t. Maybe our actual traditional food is lacking, but we have a vast array of international cuisines which are amazing.
Tl
Nah the US military has definitely encountered flying objects it can’t identify.
Plenty of good you could do with the money without kids.
Really a wholesome story, you taught your son the best way to deal with frustration, and while many adults nowadays are still dwelling in it.
You’re only supposed to making like 170K a year, how do you afford your multiple homes?
James Corden probably. It just feels right
lol
For traditional left and right where I grew up (UK), I emphasise caution in glamourising sex work. The partakers are more likely to be (kids included) from lower income backgrounds, and the mental harm it can do is well documented. It’s important to avoid belittling, infantilising or demonising current and former sex workers. It’s equally important to not paint a false picture of “sex positivity”. There is a very heavy association with violence and coercion, human disregard, lookism including discriminatory practices and objectification, lack of opportunity, and moralising on both sides of the debate (debasement and virginal).  An informed opinion: these markets of work defined by income brackets are likely to trap a lot more people then they are likely to create lasting benefits (including assisting alleviating poverty).
I am so sorry, I am sending love and hoping things improve for you my friend
So they'd be typical Australian drunkards
Water and koolaid
Also voting should last for 3 days
I would rather have the half formed language policing of gender and other areas that we are working though at the moment than not. It’s weird rn because language is changing right now
I for sure do.  Because I believe it is harmful.  I believe this for many reasons but will just mention the Christian Old Testament for now.  Horrible horrible stuff in there.
"What did you do in a past life to deserve all of this?" I know the person meant well, but fuck you for implying that I earned the hell I was marching through
That was my second answer
That's a gross oversimplification. You can have an opinion/stance on any issue and they won't always all align completely the same way because problems don't have simple solutions. That's what I gather this thread is meant to be about. If most of your views are centrist it's fair to identify as such, but that doesn't mean you can't have more extreme views on soem subjects.
千本桜 Senbonzakura
Every family (provided they have been background check) should have access to a handgun for protection. Yep.  I’m also in favor of gun safety and promoting education around gun use
Its just funny seeing you cherrypick all the trans jokes from his set and act like thats the only edgy shit hes joking about. There’s plenty of pretty fucked up jokes about his life when he was growing up in the crack epidemic plenty of non trans suicides the list goes on. Seriously if you dont like it just dont watch. You’re wearing clothes made by an essentially slave sweatshop worker there’s plenty of worse shit happening in the world than some privileged attention seekers getting butthurt over a comedy set, seriously have some perspective.
People who earn very little, but have dreams of potentially, maybe one day becoming rich due to luck would be very salty.
Axe body spray
[Take this job and shove it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjlxSRzJI4Y)
Hmm I'm right footed so if I was to play on the right I would have to cross more often perhaps my assist number would go up.
What helped me deal with these "emergency nightmares" is treating the dream as a kind of practice simulation my brain runs to check if I know what to do in a real life emergency. So, after I wake up, I analyze dream-me's actions and tell myself that yep, I did a good job, so no worries, or that next time, I should improve on X and I'll be fine. It helps to curb the anxiety that (I believe) leads to these nightmares in the first place.
I can't believe you got downvoted. I agree to an extent. I wish our govt had the ability to issue and enforce mandates related to covid, but *only* because individuals won't do the right thing on their own. And neither will corporations. We have lost respect for other people in this country. That "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" mentality has become warped into "look out for #1 and screw everyone else." The irony is that the same people who rail against "big government" are often dependent on government aid (or live where it's common). And anti-vaxxers and anti-maskers will refuse to comply but run to the ER as soon as they get sick. Covidiots, as they say.
Sit there , drink soda , Record friends singing
We lived in it for a year or so before we remodeled the kitchen. I'm really glad, because we use that space entirely differently to what we had considered when we bought it.
It's not horse shit. Almost all serial killers were found to torture and kill animals when they were children.
>If you won’t spend 20 minutes online to order an ID on the state website, I think there’s something to be said that you aren’t really looking to put any effort in making an informed voting decision  The Constitution doesn't require voters to put any effort into making an informed voting decision, that's not a roadblock that you can throw up in order to prevent eligible Americans from voting.   You're coming across like a right-wing asshole who wants to prevent their fellow Americans from being able to freely exercise their right to vote.
The ice bucket challenge I did that in year 4 and I'm 30  🤣😅🤣 dayum those early winter swimming 🏊‍♂️ days  cold as can be
to be different Imma say what ever lives in the abandoned house next to me  all I know is I think its a mammal
Achy Breaky Heart
I hope he has the grace (pun intended) to defer to William so that only one unimaginable fortune is spent on figurehead cinema.
Jonny depp
My mum is also a liberal and is always complaining about how the hospital she works for does all of this charity work overseas, but none for the community they're part of. I agree, though I think the end all should be to do both, while we start with ourselves first.
Mindfulness. Be where you’re feet are at, not all up in your thoughts of what else you could or should be doing. It works. You Can find some great YouTube videos on it if you look
Mr. Brightside by the Killers. Get a lot of people singing along and have had two one-night stands out of it in my time. Easy go-to.
Hair first, because it let that shit sit for 2 minutes, then body working top to bottom
I am always back in my high school and I can’t find my way out.  Sometimes the building starts crumbling  Other times there is a maze of staircases   One time I couldn’t find my car in the parking lot  Many times I can’t run or open my eyes  Dreams are so weird
Marilyn Manson
I don’t think vaccine passports for access to restaurants etc are ethical. I’m not okay that my government is essentially forcing people to get vaccinated if they want to be able to access the same things as vaccinated people. I’ve had my two doses and I think people should be getting vaccinated for their health and our most vulnerable in society but they shouldn’t be allowed to ban them from accessing everyday businesses or from working in specific sectors (hospitality, education) without the vaccine. I feel it’s a slippery slope.
how to know when someone is a good friend and when they’re being taken for granted
Thriller
Cats, without any doubt.
Seppoku is a great weight loss technique for sure
Most autistic people aren’t *that* bad. That man is a lizard.
Are you fucking kidding me? You cannot be serious.
Another factor is interest rates - mortgage interest rates in 1999 were likely around 6-7%.
My favorite pastime
There is only 1 or 2 departments with a budget over $1 billion, not to mention the vast majority of police departments are small towns that don’t have “military grade weapons”. On top of that, just about no one would think it makes any sense to spend a large % of a department’s budget on server space.
By buying some Reily Reid NFTs the future of NFTs
I hope you go and seek advice from someone it might help, daily meditation is good for your brain and might help reduce anxiety.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Such a smart question yet it is so dumb simultaneously
Root beer
Watch Kaliningrad General's video A Truce To Remember. I DID NOT EXPECT TO CRY SO HARD AT THAT
Oh my god. Jfc
Freedom of speech. No opinion shouldn't be censored. I think people for get that not too long ago being pro gay marriage wasn't the popular opinion.
>bleed red   plan succeeded comrades , we have proved humans are supposed to be communists
Exactly! I don’t even like to share the elevator with my neighbours and having to make small talk lol
R/unexpectedTDHreferences
That lefties are all insufferable knobs. Source: am leftie.
They did the mash, the monster mash
Exploded head or hole-in-head? I don't know. And thanks a lot for -22.
Maybe some tripped out Travis Bickle meets Grimes and a romantic comedy ensues as he (successfully, in the end) tries to break her and Elon up, permanently, but in this universe there is no weirdly named kid because Travis Bickle would never break up a family.  It would be like... when Harry Met Sally... but compressed into, like, a week where Travis has to come up with the money to stay enrolled at Coolidge University for his 7th straight year of studying psychology and bombing loads of adderall and valium up the bum for the comedown.
I think Im probably like most people....   Ive sucked up years of romanticized movie imagery and have an affection for an idealized funhouse mirror version of their history and culture     Flickers and images of the future present enticing me into an infatuation entirely fueled by glitz gloss and imagination     But in reality....   I doubt I really know anything of worth about japanese culture beyond my favorite meals and their preparation
Ellen Degeneres
And as horrible as it is, putting it into perspective you have about the same odds of dying in a mass shooting as you do being stuck by lighting.  If we were truly trying to maximize the lives we could save, we would be increasing vehicle safety standards since your chances of dying in a car accident are about 400x higher.
Please reserve top comments for questions and child comments for answers.
This sounds like some Ilya Bryzgalov mad genius shit to me
Religion isn’t bad. They give followers strict moral guidelines that typically fall into what is called “being a decent human being.” For instance, the Ten Commandments of Christianity. (Thou shalt not kill, cheat, lie, etc). Generally speaking, everyone religious or not should follow those. It just so happens that religious people are better at following those rules for fear of being sent to hell. Churches on the other hand can go die. Having religious figures like popes and bishops is a bad idea. It seems like they go corrupt faster than the US government.
Idk man i am 15
I noticed you answer to “twang” but I think you’re holding out on me. You’re one of the most beautiful women I’ve seen.
That is definitely the inverse.  However I’d just like a nice house with expensive things in it, just for a little bit.
High Intelligence comes in many forms. I'm not intelligent myself and I don't really know anyone that I would consider intelligent but my best guess would be:  They are socially awkward since most of them struggle with forming good relationships with others.   They also lack common sense. Not in a sense that they are dumb but they just have different mindsets compared to others so they struggle to comprehend what is normal or what is the difference.  They also don't want to stand out since they rather focus on what is important than indulging in their own fame. (But of course, some of them get drunk on fame that they lose the sight of the bigger picture)  They are prone to addiction (This doesn't only refer to drugs or that, this could also include sports or games) since its way for them to relax and calm their minds because most of them are always mentally tired.  Thats my best guess. I'm just a random redditor so my opinions mean shit anyway so take it as you will.
We were promised aliens?
The frogurt comes with its own choice of toppings
Not sure...art? Not saying art is bad but I suck at it, still got a decent grade though just cause I attempted everything, I should have failed probably. Only decent thing was this clay pyramid container I made, and I didn't even get to keep it.
The problem isn't so much that people can't understand them, it's that cats are too comfortable in our ignorance. They know we know just enough of what they're saying to get their point acrossed, but any more then that invites complacency.
So stoked that the Prince vault has been opened. "Yes" and "Running Game" are amazing.
I play it for my cats and dogs, when they are bored at home. I assumed it was the only reason it exist.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No problem, I quit drinking already and it’s just stress and boredom that makes me feel like drinking again. I’m sure that amount of money will keep me entertained
Meh, because people be people. Several comments down below (above?) prove my point on its own.
“You lost, I sent mine to her number!”
Empathy
They're so weirdly ill-behaved!!
Sharks & nazis.  Every single time
30 minutes ago because my brother kept trying to punch me
Like what? Walls and a roof?
What if it was a typo and she likes olives?
Robbing a bank. Or four.
Ask question
Not to be so over sensitive like the little fucks running around these days
It's fear.
Choose a career as young as they are so that they became a master of their chosen craft when they reach their 20's
Found the person I think I’m going to grow old with while mindlessly swiping on a dating app.
Amazing culture and history to learn about  Horrendous government that makes USA look progressive most times
Cut me open, I’ve got something like a pacemaker in my body.
I thought someone would either get arrested or shot on the spot but it turned out to be a huge crackhead weeb fest. If i was a ghilly dude around those perimeters i’d laugh my ass off.
[Monster Mash - Misfits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kh6Hbw31JTM)  Edit: Superior version
I have 200 hours on surgeon simulator xD    But no seriously xD ya do it on finger tips or something ?
Actually breaking into Area 51 to clap alien cheeks
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
OJ Simpson
Based
“I’m doing my part!”
Probably specifically the reason I open Reddit 1/3 of the time
it would be "fckn awesome" if anthony hopkins would be one. that kind of irony  i would like.
Just a heads-up, medical providers are not legally able to require your SSN. Most ask for it because it's a guaranteed unique number to identify you with, but you can refuse and they can't refuse service because of that.   Some (most?) will also use it to make it easier to report to the credit bureaus if they send your account to collections. They can still do it without the SSN, but it's slightly more difficult.
The pc bodily autonomy argument isn’t that the baby is part of the mother’s body, rather, it’s that the baby is using the mother’s body to develop. (I’m pl.)
Or she likes visiting r/FemaleDatingStrategy
It mostly seems to be new leftist babies just learning what they believe in and overzealous to champion a cause, feminists who have had bad experiences with men, or trans people who are raw nerves from how they're treated in society.  But yeah, sometimes everybody takes our bullshit too far.
Cash is hard to find these days I can see it's a challenge for some to give up anything significant these days.
9/11 ..
I agree with this, false information is illegal
Spooky scary skeletons
Star Wars Emperor Strikes Back. It was a ripoff from Star Wars A New Hope. Same characters, same general plot, they even ripped off the lightsabers. Smh
Teleportation as said before
At least in Hungary this would not happen this way. When you buy a home or enroll your kid in a school you have to ID yourself, and without a hungarian ID card (password, drivers license) that's not easy. Obviously if your visa is over, it's not even possible.  If you want a legal job, not some cash-only-agricultural-almost-slavery, the same applies. You have to be registered to various social security, healthcare etc. systems.  It's actually quite a hassle to do it as a legal immigrant, I had a colleague from India, we often had to accompany her to offices to translate & enforce.  It's really hard to imagine how this happens in the US. An indentured sharecropper without any US papers strolls into a school and says that "Hi, this is my children, please edudate him/her?"
No.   This is a huge overstep by the government IMO. I'd love to see how they came up with the number 600
Taxidermy and managing a small hotel.
I carry a penknife with me and trim them whenever i get the urge to bite. I've barely bitten my nails in years now
Care to give an example?
Done by design.  And each President is more extreme than the last.  We go right with Bush.  He sucks.  Go left with Obama.  He sucks.  Go extreme right with Trump.  Then go extreme left with Biden.  Which widens the imaginary gap between parties.  And now, people choose sides.  Just before a boiling point.  These political lines could well become physical battle lines.
He moved away and we grew apart, plus I also realised that they only ever replied rather than having an actual conversation.
Ask her out a few weeks earlier…
Bc it upsets THEM, complete disregard for the person suffering. Their “UWU-theres-always-a-sliver-lining” esque response is wildly ignorant.   Edit: also, I’m sorry for your loss.
Religion is the cause of chaos, people fight defending there own, not knowing all religions are defective. Or knowing it and ignoring it..  Remember guys, you are given a religion by your parents. You don't decide your religion, your parents do and sane for their parents.  Make doing selfless deeds your religion, that's the best way to help each other.
Wouldn’t that require like a thousand apples?
Humans
Looking for ideas?
You realize a stare can’t tell you someone’s a sociopath..even extremely good therapists could take years to find out or never know that a client is a sociopath/psychopath because they fake outward behavior typically even better than your average person. Their behavior would have to be observed overtime or have a known history that’s enough to say somethings up, and even then they hide bad behaviors pretty well too usually. A psychopath will likely present as very relatable, trust worthy and likeable to gain trust and get what they want. Zuck isn’t any of those things I just said
Shady Larry
I do want it to die out.   I understand that people should be left to their own beliefs. However, as long as people believe in the prospect of an afterlife & the existence of a divine guardian, they would be less motivated to deal with the problems that are very real, current and most likely to destroy our current lives.
Sonny, this world wasn't explored, mapped and civilized by MEN who took 'no' for an answer.
Thanks for ruining Gandalf vs The Balrog in Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers
Don’t. Anything other than weed don’t do it.
I am saying with absolute certainty that lost at sea is the worst. Not only does the ocean incorporate the same factors present which make both the jungle and the desert so hostile, it actually further complicates them with the added disadvantages of limited maneuverability and drowning.
mobbing
Love this one!
A bit of context:  Of course, they would hide the true amount they have and transfer it overseas and stuff like that.  Other than that do you think a law of this kind would be fair? After an individual reached, for example, 100~500 million dollars worth of net worth, everything else they gained would either go to their employees in the form of salary raises or would just go straight to the government who could use it to build schools, houses for the homeless, food for the poor, better infrastructures etc.  I know it's a dumb question and that it will never happen, I just would like to know what other people's opinion is.
John Oliver would like a word.
Turtles, they are so old bet they are condescending af
Humans for sure, they'd be so elitist about it. "Oh hunny, we invented speech. So learn to speak properly or go back to your- ehh, I dislike things that are different.
*fictional pedophilia.   Still horrible, but a little better than the real deal
A sense of humour is always a pileus
Conditioner, body wash then shampoo
Ok, explain to me how it's good to force a 13 years old who was rapes to force and carry the baby to term? Explain to me how it's ok to force a woman to deliver a child who will die within minutes of being born due to a condition that was discovered in the 2nd trimester?
Once a woodpecker started pecking at the walls of my house while standing on the windowsill. Didn't do any damage, and it was neat seeing it up close, but come on... Birds absolutely hate us, don't they...
Perfect solution when you want to fap to something else for a change.
Start saving early! Compound interest is close to literal magic.
I had this experience in rural south Texas. Motherfuckers plain don't give a shit about anyone but themselves.
He looks too alive and healthy in the art.
Damn, I had to reread it to make sure auto correct didn't make it look like I was making a confession, lol.
Super Saiyan
Tarkov has taught me this.
I see him more as the kind who would stick electronics randomly in his victims bodies until the died in a psychotic attempt to make an immortal cyborg.  Kind of like Gacy but instead of trying to make a sex slave trying to become immortal.
True. And I nominate Stephen King for the same reason. Dude is effing weird.
Bradley Cooper.
Oh, this.  *if you could ever have called him an actor*
We have a load of crows where I live, they like throwing acorns at people near the bike racks. It’s hilarious, because the young crows do it the most. When they have chicks the following years they show their kids how to do it. It’s like they’re teaching their kids the age old tradition of trolling the humans. They sit high up in the trees and aim from there. I like watching them do it to other people.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jim Carey
Damn that must be really painful
You can orgasm without release. Your body will pump still, and you'll orgasm, but you can stop from shooting; this is the most difficult version, and for me personally, only happens during long sessions with lots of swapping and edging.  The main use is to immediately bring yourself back several paces from the edge, and it gives you mental security, knowing you can enjoy sensations more deeply without things coming to an end too soon. Just that lack of mental doubt can actually make you last longer without even having to use the technique. Just being able to do it at home by yourself can be enough.  I highly recommend masturbation without completion if you want to last longer physically, but more often than not, it's mental triggers that makes people finish regardless of the gender.
If you could pay for a car in cash, it would absolutely be easier to buy a car. Your premise that to keep criminals and evil people from buying guns is to require them all to go through FFLs is ignoring the fact that most violent felons get their guns from either "black market" sales or just having an acquaintance go to a gun shop and do the background check in their place, i.e. straw purchase, which is already illegal.      https://bjs.ojp.gov/content/pub/pdf/suficspi16.pdf
That is *literally* the best thing I have ever read
Wait for them to die of old age
You’ll never grasp why you could be Batman.
Cats (haha f*** u) piss on a carpet
An "ideal" criminal justice system would have fewer issues making death penalty problematic in the first place.  And again, death penalty has extra scrutiny. So eliminating death penalty would leave extreme sentences with less scrutiny. So on its own it's not a fully positive step.
Urrgh, thanks for the heads up.
Hereditary
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wtf is your obsession with turmeric lattes
Bouldering
I gave him mine on your behalf.
It's fine I think, everyone stresses about their future, but as they say you cant heal what you don't reveal so you should go and tell them
Nah i Dont think Greg is gonna i heard he cheated on his ex with a hooker
I still haven’t gone yet. Instructions unclear.
Kaiser Söse
Pigs
Propably can add n
My guitar
Hahahahaha
Graphics (like no sh*t, it's a product of it's time)
As much as I love the guy, I have developed coping strategies to be able to deal with him over the years.   I wouldn’t do that to you. You wouldn’t be able to handle him
It's college campuses from what I've seen.
They do in countries where they have legal access to the data.  Some countries refuse to cooperate.
You didn’t eat the nut, newb 🤦‍♂️
Overseas war veteran here, fully vaxxed.   Maybe stop making assumptions.
yes this is actually very gay ive never seen a straight person do it
...yes? Absolutely. The U.S. civilian populace is the most heavily armed and well equipped force of light infantry irregulars on the fucking planet. We have more small arms than most militaries on the planet put together. And an ammo budget that would make most of them drool with envy. Realistically, we would send most regular armies packing with their tail between their legs. It's been demonstrated repeatedly over the last century that strong native insurgencies are fairly unmanageable by foreign invaders.
Nah, for my country I think we have enough housing options for the homeless. Plus I don't think churches would have the best 'infrastructure' (probably a better word for it which I don't know) for housing people.
Alec Baldwin  He just needs one more confirmed kill  Too soon?
She left me a few days after Valentines day during our freshman year of high school. Her final words were "I fell in love with someone else." I put both of us at fault for this release ending, because it seemed at one point both of us stopped trying, leading this relationship to fail.
The unknown magical betterment that's supposed to come along with weight loss.
Donald Trump, or Oprah Winfrey.
Gears Of War when that dude died
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Hola, mucho queso!
He's giving the baby the title of fetus? What does that even mean? It is a fetus, he hasn't given it any title that suits an agenda. It is what it is.  You're the one that has given it the title of baby.
Drawing cyanide from apple or apricot seeds, and concentrating that into someone's food.
Ya all gonna get spamed by ancestrycom now..
Broke and depressed.
how to make the perfect grilled cheese
He was the CEO of Atlas to he fair
Maturity.
Indeed. But if the mindset didn’t exist at all, I wonder just how much voting expectations would change. America wasn’t always bipartisan.
Go for what you want
As someone that was poor that lived in nice houses this was actually super relatable to me. We lived in white suburbia but couldn’t afford school supplies.
Thats british humor for you lol
>that’s why their a criminal  \*they're
Queens above 18👑
That certainly paints a picture.
Why have you asked this three times?
Oh without question. Cats don't want to be understood, they want to be obeyed.
sadly no.
I have yelled at Alexa because I can't figure out how to get her to stop telling jokes when I ask the time. I now have to say, "Alexa, just tell me the time." If I say, "What time is it?" She just answers with a joke. I'm so pissed about this lol.
https://youtu.be/o0u4M6vppCI  I just discovered it as well, and it's marvelous.
I have a bunch of weird 'rules' about being injected with where/how it goes down. One of those rules is that non-medical people can't do it for me!
family, children and my wife
I agree
Or at least do what the Dems did and have all the different flavors of moderate drop out and rally behind one candidate. Trump cornered the crazy vote in the primary and Jeb and Marco and even Cruz and everyone else of the 16 candidates split the reasonable vote and fucked all of us.
Golden showers
Noses, like why did God just have this pointy thing protruding from our faces? And why does it have to drip? RIGHT OVER THE HOLE WHERE WE CONSUME OUR NUTRIENTS!!!! Seems flawed
Thanks
"im behind youuuuuuuuuuuuuu........."
How little we actually know about life and the world. How wrong we were in our teens about everything.
The Zodiac Killer's doorstep
Lies!!!!!. I deserve sex with women now!!!!!!
But I have a high willingness to use it as a last resort :D  Kidding, but at that points it's just semantics.  Is someone killing someone as a last resort willing to use violence? Definitly, even if they'd rather not.   Is killing the dictator of a violent regime a last resort, even if he's not threatening you directly in this moment?  You could make that argument.
They should stop using things that taxes pay for and live in the wilderness instead.
Correct Nordic ancestry and very obviously so given my height and body type. And yes I’m comfortable I got luckier than some and less so than others.
That one time I was omw to school and it’s a 15min train ride. A man tried to hold my waist probably because he thought I needed help since the train swayed a bit. I didn’t need help... and I was also terrified to even look at him. I did nothing for 15min. My station comes and I tried to get away the hand held me tighter but I finally broke free and got out of there as fast as I could.
I agree with one exception. I see him as a Jim Jones type, if things don't go his way, he'd be passing out the kool aid.
That's something you should def tell them its important for them to know <3
I noticed it about a month ago. It's really booty tbh, I was balls deep in a dojin.
Will Family Guy be right yet again?  https://youtu.be/OEMYX1iGIN0  https://youtu.be/zzBUkdP0iDw
Now... would they? Because theybwere in Germany and even though none are German, would Germany's laws still apply? Axtually thinking on that what's the rule for Titan?  I mean this is a case for the Avocados at Law Nelson and Murdock.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qgs1zq/what_would_happen_if_there_was_a_limit_to_how/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Kobe sure got a pass on hiring PIs to dig up dirt on his victim.
Who do you think you are? What gives you the right?
My KSAT score and GPA for my freshman year.
What makes you view communism as a negative, logic-defying thing?
Except that is a gross misrepresentation of how non thiest people actually think
I drink
*dramatically removes Cloak * Fools !! It is I , the cookie monster
That's fair
But having kids is a choice (except in Texas ATM), so why should you get a tax break for that.  Should I get a tax break for my dog? She costs a lot too (no where near a kid, but you get me point).  Same with tax deductions on mortgages. Why should my landlord get a tax deduction on interest, when I'm literally the one paying it, and I get no deduction?
I tried explaining how cable TV worked when I was younger to my son. When I got to TV Guide, he just stopped following lol.
Water. Not a breakfast person. Unless it's literally breaking my fast, then whatever is the closest to me
Get some guns and turn my place into a bunker, surrounded by traps. Every hidden freak who wants to use those 24 hrs for murdering and plundering will be murdered and plundered themselves. Booyah.
Take some women for proper friends. You might learn something.
Toby Keith.
I looked through employment numbers and cross-referenced it with salary, excluding medical stuff.  I'm now an engineer and making good money.
Unexpectedly moving on. Nothing annoys an ex more than you getting on with life with a skip in your step.
Unfortunately I don’t think bananas are fertile.
I agree with you.   Just curious why you feel the "right" fucks you sideways as a small business owner?
Flamin hot Funyuns
I work in a hospital and I am amazed at the amount of people who don't create an advanced directive (a document to speak to what you want medically if you are unable to speak for yourself?) Like do you want dialysis? CPR? Chemo? Life prolonging surgery? Sometimes I feel like in the medical field we can keep you alive far longer then most people would want for themselves or their loved ones but I wonder how many people talk about that with their friends/spouse/family or other people who could make decisions for them.... or do you leave it up to chance?
Watergate wasn't a conspiracy theory. Nobody was walking around years before it, going "the White House is tapping Daniel Elsberg's phone!"
I took a long bus journey and made some loaded brownies for the journey. They fucked me up. I remember being woken up by another bus passenger because I was snoring and drooling on myself.
I imagine cats would be super condescending if they could talk.
Ahh yes, wonderful, a cake made of spices and flour 👁👄👁
Cats, geese, and hippos easily come to mind.  Cats and geese because, well, they’re cats and geese.  As for hippos, they’re sadistic af, to the point where Steve Irwin was terrified of them   You rescue/help a wolf, deer or whatever and chances are pretty good they’ll leave you alone at the very least. A hippo will puncture your lung and leave you to bleed to death.
No, it does not make it any better.  It gives the IRS carte blanche to analyze every transaction in America because very few entities have less than $600 per year in transactions.
An 18% chance of failure is a lot
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Food Stamps need a major overhaul and there should be a stringent list on what you can buy with them.   Notably no high fructose corn syrup, sugar drinks/snacks high in sodium, or TV dinners.  Essentially limit to a strict regimen of fruits, veggies, protein, and starch.   Will this make people healthier? Probably not right away, but it will take away subsidies for unhealthy foods and force saturated fats to take a hike.
“I’m really not sure about all this”
lmao I hope you recover that
I could 100% be Betty, but at 99 she would definitely have trained a dark apprentice protege to do the heavy lifting. Like the sith, there are always two.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I would imagine there would be a lot more marriages lasting only 5 years. And probably a lot more lasting to the 10 year mark then being done.  I find this concept interesting though... would it be handled like a regular divorce then if they didn't renew? It would almost have to be... but maybe switching to a system like this could allow the country to change things up to a more fair and balanced system rather than the mockery of equality we have in the divorce courts now.  Would they still have alimony if done at the 5, 10, 15 year mark? Would the courts still give the wife the home almost every time (which the guy still inevitably winds up having to pay for since his name is still on the mortgage and she can't quality for a refinance on the home by herself like my friend wound up having done to him.) Would assets still be split based on courts rulings, or would there be a more indivualized system where people's 401k isn't on the line?  Im assuming child support would still wind up being the same if they had children though... which unfortunately family court will probably never be a fair system.
Realizations
Mocking bird?
I agree, cleaners was a far worse job than Reddit.
ok so let’s break this down. you said i don’t understand acne right? so i said what caused it. you said washing your face won’t prevent it. so should we just let it sit there?? i wasn’t sure so i asked what you thought we should do instead. washing your face is a preventative. obviously some acne is just going to happen. but somehow all of this equals me cracking the code that dermatologist can’t??
Shia Labeouf. I mean, there's already a song and everything.
they also typically defund/reduce hours/reduce services of institutions meant to issue them.  or selectively pick only a few places where it can be done (none of which are easily accessible to those with limited means)  or restrict hours as to when they can be acquired.  or make the actual process of getting a free ID as complicated as possible.  or make the 'free ID' require things that cost money to track down or acquire (a certified birth certificate copy, stuff like that)  Dems main argument against them is that it is tantamount to a poll tax, and in every implementation that we've seen at a state level, it seems like a pretty good argument.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
They tend towards acceptance of leftists because the motive and intent is better than the awareness of the motive and intent of the right.
everything inevitably comes to an end. This is obv suggestive but I find that the world is beautiful in that way.
Val Kilmer.. I could imagine him having violent outbursts toward anyone who criticises him, even implicitly, in any conceivable way when he’s alone with them.  Tom Cruise. Scientology is a lot of facade. A lot of pretence. Very performative. I feel like anyone who presents their entire persona in such an excessively obnoxiously performative way like that has some dark shit they get up to in secret. Maybe he just likes to dress girls up like gimps and do all that weird BDSM bondage shit.. maybe he secretly likes to dress up like a six year old girl.. maybe something more sinister…  A side note… people often say a trucker is a well suited job for a serial killer, as they are always travelling the nation’s highways always on the move. I think the same for people in pro wrestling, especially old school so up to the ‘80s  before the WWF revolution. Same principle they’re always on the road all over the country, going to some proper dives, having loads of groupies and shit, getting upto all sorts of crazy shit, and a lot of people in pro wrestling, especially back then, tend to be eccentric proper nutcase characters. It’s kind of a modern day freak show. Heck there are still Indy promotions touring around the country with a comparatively low profile compared to WWE and the other major promotions. I kinda’ find it hard to believe that there hasn’t been someone involved in pro wrestling doing such nefarious things while on the road.  Marty Jannetty comes to mind.
air
4 seems like a solid starting number. 1 shotgun 1 AR 1 CCW And then one for what ever you make feel the need for maybe a AK for cheap ammo an practice or a bolt action for long range.
The legs of our couch - stubbing my toe on that sucker always makes me swear enough to make an Irishman blush.
I used to commute from eastern Long Island to Manhattan (NYC) everyday. If everything went smoothly (and that was rare) it was about a 5 1/2 round trip. Throw in a nine hour work day (minimum) and it made for an exhausting existence. As such, I slept a lot on the trains back and forth.  While sleeping on the train, I had a recurring dream. I'd be asleep on the train, dreaming that I was asleep on the train going home. In reality I was on the train going into the city, but when we got to Penn Station I'd wake up believing that my day was over, when in reality it was just beginning.  I don't know of this qualifies as a nightmare, but it was a genuinely soul crushing experience to repeatedly wake up thinking your day was done but finding out that it was only beginning.
When did tattoos become political?
My computer.
In mine I always have nightmares about my little sister, no matter if she’s her current age or a baby. Normally different locations but mostly themed around me needing to save her. Thanks subconscious brain
*Borat "Very Nice" Gif*
What percentage of your time are you using both hands to Reddit shitpost, and what percentage is one of your hands on your peepee. For reals.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah the more the merrier! That way we can make even more sub-par "martial arts" movies!
Well, you gave me the answer I didn't know I had formulated yet.  I'm literally stumped trying to come up with a better answer, or one I feel is better, I mean. But you could tell me Woody Allen or Michael Bay is making a Neuromancer movie and I'd, eh, weirdly excited about the first and mildly irritated that I'd have to see the second.
Wow...TIL. I've never heard anyone explain the meaning for Latinx before, and I honestly have been thinking it was just referring to multiple cultures. As in, sometimes people assume everyone from south of the US is Mexican and speaks Spanish, so I thought Latinx was just a catchall term to avoid labeling people if you weren't sure of their cultural background.
I'd stab you if you want
When I worked in a bar as a teenager, I had to clean vomit and the likes. I drew the line at blood and feces, the manager had to do that job since I refused.
David Miscavige,   Tom Cruise,  L Ron Hubbard,  Joseph Smith,
Ozymandias in Watchmen.
People always think we're super boring because of the whole neutrality thing
Jim Carrey and weird al lol
Drum set.
Make out until my tongue falls off, sex
Is he standing behind you? Is that why you can't answer?  Give us a sign!
I would have said "yes, I want it to die out" when I was younger.  Now I understand that if religion were gone, people would still be the way they are. Religion is a symptom of human nature, not a cause of it.  What I would want is for the aspects of human nature that lead to religion in particular to go away: Superstitiousness, tribalism, magical thinking, conformity, worship of authority, general incuriousness, groupthink, subjugation.  Remove those things and you are left with whatever was redeemable about religion: Empathy, awe, philosophy, community, and systematized tools for managing state of mind. All of those can still exist without all the hatred and woo.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yes. Not taking quran as the word of god is heresy.  Edit- This is what muslims believe. I'm a former Muslim.
You are not alone.
What if the person is brain dead?
a walking vodoo-doll of orgasm..
Ever see the movie Hostel?
Whatever they were paying you, it wasn't enough
Right? Hell, I challenge anybody who wants to fit me into a box.  Various opinions of mine:  * Repeal all gun control * Universal basic income * Medicare for all * Get rid of Affirmative Action * Ban private schools * Legal sex change should require less rigamarole * Taxation is necessary, but that doesn't mean it isn't theft. Try to keep it to a minimum * End persecution for victimless crimes * Stop starting wars where there's oil (or bananas, or minerals) * Start starting wars where people are fucked (Syria, Eritrea, etc.)
He sounds hideous.
Nicolas Cage, dude once buried a bear skull
"HEY ASSHOLE WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING ON MY SIDEWALK YEAH LOOK ME IN THE EYES PUSSY YEAH THE EYES NOT THE BEAK SHIT FOR BRAINS WHO THE FUCK DO YOU EVEN THINK YOU ARE LOOK AT THIS HAIRLESS MONKEY THING YOU GOT TASTY LOOKING LEGS FUCKBOY YOU BEST WALK AWAY OR I'M GONNA CHOMP THE SHIT OUT OF THEM ALRIGHT BITCH LET'S FUCKIN GO ILL BODY SLAM YOU INTO NEXT THURSDAY WITH MY FAT BIRD BODY YEAH THOUGHT YOU WERE SAFE ALRIGHT BUDDY YEAH HIDE BEHIND THAT SCREEN DOOR HEY SHITFUCK YOU LEFT YOUR PAPERS THEY LOOK IMPORTANT GUESS THEY'RE MINE NOW AHAHAHA"
Follow [these simple steps](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/how-kill-zombie-processes-linux) and kill all of the zombies.
I keep triming my mustache short and glaring at little hat stores.
The facts that this wasn’t in the OG post is surprising.
But there is a difference between *guy who is willing to violently murder dozens of people at once* and *guy who is licensed and trained to use a weapon to defend themselves and others from people actively attempting murder*. The former is definitely morally wrong, and the latter is absolutely justified.  I mean, think of any point in history. Whenever it's come down to *one willing to use violence* and *one unwilling to use violence*, who wins? Weapons, war, defense are parts of human nature. Ever since man invented tools, man has used weapons. It's not about feelings or morals. It's anthropology. You can say violence is wrong, and you'd be pretty much right, but that's also kinda ignorant of tens of thousands of years of human history showing us that good intentions aren't always enough to save your life. Sometimes you gotta fight regardless of who started it. Sometimes the rules don't help you. People get murdered every day. It happens. It's unfair. It's violent. Police can't stop every crime before it happens. You gotta be able to help yourself. Be smart. Be trained. Be careful. Be safe.
Here are my top 3 in no particular order.     * Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead * Yeti: A Love Story * Father's Day
I also heard that Mountain Dew lovers believe he did nothing wrong.
That’s a deep sort of sorrow. I’m not going to bullshit you with all sorts of platitudes.   It’s okay to just sit with that grief a while, instead of trying to pretend that’s not there or hoping you feel different. Maybe once you accept it as being there, it won’t overwhelm you so much.   In Buddhism they call that a shenpa. It’s like that splinter under the skin digging at you. Sometimes it’s a fear. Sometimes grief. The only thing you can do is sit with your shenpa. Look at it until it no longer holds sway.  Just saying…I have mood swings…goes an awful long way into recognizing they are there and minimizing their effect.   Not having good health infiltrates every aspect of life. What do you do every day that makes you feel better? I hope you have some comforting routines.   No one wishes you didn’t have insulin. Or that it’s a waste. You can’t break your worth down into such a transactional basis.
>People like that don't deserve rehabilitation they deserve the death penalty.   Ok, so where do you draw the line of people deserving a chance at redemption/rehabilitation?
He championed homeopathy, so I think you've got a point there.
Ofc
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qgs1i0/what_would_happen_if_by_law_people_would_not_be/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It is ludicrous. I mean ffs, over 40% of America is obese. The thing that will beat the military will be itself, when the country is divided enough that even soldiers and commanders pick their sides.
that we're quiet. may or may not be true, but if it means random people who just assume i dont want to talk wont talk to me, then hell yeah
Go on… 👁
Nah, he is too dopey.
Carrots ran out, but...we got carrot cake!
I'm a fan of the reserved, respectful side.  Not so much the tentacles and weird game show side.
Mandarin in Shang Chi. Out of love, that I can empathize.
James Corden. Seems kind of sociopathic, really insincere and narcissistic. Creepy and fake personality in public, with lots of reports of him being a dick to people. Can imagine him smiling cheesily and singing loudly to someone tied up in his car on the way to kill and dispose of them.
Sounds sensible.
Wannabe Chinese culture.
As a woman, I don’t want to compete with another woman for a man. I only want to be with someone who wants to be with me, and sees the value in me. Even though there are other women objectively more attractive than I am, I want the man who thinks I’m the best. If it’s between me and someone else, choose the other woman as I never again want to be an option.
That was like a year ago shut up, don't looknthroihh my origikenfrrerpr
Their food is fantastic  But the gangs and sex trafficking is out of control there
I find them fucking sexy af, plus ninjas are cool.
Danny DeVito, dude could do anything and I wouldn't be surprised
You have no idea how much I hate this. It's literally cultural imperialism, as the people doing it think that their culture is superior in some way and are attempting to to coerce people from another culture to accept their ways against their will. And they don't even realize they're doing it.
The Christmas Truce that happened in World War 1
They are not assholes, they are just fucking STARVED
So many.
Trans people in women’s sports is unfair to biologically born women
Led Zeppelin
Keanu Reeves
>stranger
Which craft are you referring to?
Maynard James Keenan (Tool singer)
It was great, it was like letting your sister play in the street then getting hit by a drunk driver at 115mph on a Tuesday afternoon in 2017.
Yeah just stop being a simp. No hard feelings, no shame. Life’s a process of learning and overcoming
Sounds fair
Marines
snake
download a car
I feel ya. But I would still say, avoid the generics. No flowers or chocolate. Go for a bold move; take a creative guess, get her something you suspect she will like. Whether she is a romantic interest or just a nice person you want to appreciate, tailored gifts = better.
Oh that would be a sad day! I can’t imagine eating that.
Not all American foreign intervention is imperialism. Looking at you, Noam Chomsky.
Ellen DeGenereres is 😂
Sleep paralysis!  Kripipasta!  Monsters!  Bring!  Dreamcore!  Becroom!   Dead souls!  Murderer! Should I continue?
If you don't have a driver's license, you can (and most do) get a non-drivers ID card issued by the same department of motor vehicles. It looks almost identical, but says it's only for ID, not for driving on it.
after seeing Garth Brooks more than once, I googled "murderer garth brooks?" and an r/outoftheloop thread about it was the first link.   For anyone else confused: it's a new(er) joke from a podcast.  The rest of the names in this thread at least kinda make sense.
Cool shit and blatant pedophilia
Riya Riya - Alex Pandian
Nice:)  I got my first smartphone only 5 years ago too. Used an old mobile phone for years prior to that.
I think he looks a lot like the main villain in The Mask from the Jim Carey movie, when he transforms..
That's psychopathic behaviour and is not common in children. Even if it's some form of scientific curiosity, it's still a sign of some level of psychopathy.
I have to say I prefer his metal album
The ability to shapeshift.
don't start a conversation with people outside of my family, don't make eye contact with anyone and never talk to people i don't know
Salman Khan
Magic Mushrooms - seeing music visually. Cried with joy for five hours. 11/10, would recommend.
Armie Hammer. Do I need to elaborate?
Taking a 26' Uhaul truck to Fort Knox and taking all the gold it can fit.
This is my point. I've never heard ANYONE in everyday life talk like that but the internet and media act like we're supposed to and if we don't we're just the worst bigots ever.
More or less the Chinese government and their communist, dictorial, authoritarian state. Not the people. They just live there.
Handsome Jack
Bunkering down and trying to avoid getting robbed/murdered.
BASED
Can I have some
Fucking love Orcas. Most badass animals on earth imo.
That was misrepresented by the media. There was an across the board funding cut. They didn't close DMVs, instead they cut the budget for examiners who travel from the city to satellite locations everyday. You could still get state ID, the DMV location was still open, as they were run by the county.  So the media misrepresented this.  Also, it was the intent of legislators that administration get cut, not services. They added that into the law and that essentially reverse this.  So you're basically posting a story where nothing ever got closed down, nobody was denied service, and holding it up as proof that the system doesn't work.  The media is taking advantage of you, in order to drive traffic to their site. They know you'll eat stories like that up, and so they'll package it perfectly for you. Just think, you're posting a 6 year old article about an event the media misrepresented, because it supports your position (a position that the media would have had a strong role in you forming in the first place).
Don’t confuse people who claim to be Christian with people who actually are Christian.
I don't understand your logic. This is practically what you said to begin with.... Until my heart stops, could be 5 minutes from now or 50 years, my heart beating remains the most positive thing in my life... Does phrasing it this way help you in any way??  Anyways, Hasta la Vista buddy!
Stop eating crayons!
I'm doing COMMUNITY SERVICE... WOOOOOO!
In the UK it is an issue, people get up in arms about criminals getting deported even when they've committed violent offences.
After God created Adam and Eve and brought them into the Garden of Eden, they look and say "who is that?," pointing at Betty White and Abe Vigoda.  God says "I dunno, they were already here when I showed up."
"and why to i hear a tick sound?"
Tell them you'd rather not receive gifts. Instead, you just want everyone to throw bills at you right as you're pronounced husband and wife.
In my lifetime the establishment flipped big time. I've always been rebellious, but who I'm rebelling against changed hard
r/whoosh
Maus
it was almost 22 years ago.. I pull up to a friends place and see their kid mowing over the heads of what I thought were stuffed animals that were buried up to their neck, turns out they were kittens.. this lil fucker was grinning ear to ear and seemed to have been in a trance like state after the fact.
He'd be one of the rich assholes funding and betting on things like Squid Game
Stargate
Wash the dishes , look if u get letters ,
Being stuck in a room with hundreds or no doors
Really? Cause i always thought that, if anything, using sophisticated words like that was something flat earthers didn't deserve, for instance.
The right being against puberty blockers is to me the craziest and most asshole stance they have. They say they dont want kids to make life altering decisions, something I can generally get behind, and then turn around and say nature should be allowed to make life altering decisions. Have some freaking consistency! Ugh.
I find it kinda backwards. Nowadays everything is about being inclusive and letting people be what they want but as soon as someone says they believe in god all hell breaks loose...  And yes, I know that there are nasty sides to religion obviously but what thing in our society doesnt have a nasty side?  And no, I am not religious myself
By perceiving it as simply maturing, becoming more knowledgeable and wise. That's all it is for me; I still enjoy life the best way I can.
Nvm
Thai chicken green curry. Could be far worse.
Hey, that’s the reason I asked this question. I hate shaving every single day but can’t imagine having facial hair. (My personal preference)  However, there’s this point when you haven’t shaved for a few days and then you just stop caring 😂
Humans kill for fun
Reddit.  I was part of the Digg exodus(Reddit's rival) back in 2010 and thought Reddit would become something cool later on because of the AMA subreddit when celebrities and famous  people started showing up but until 2016 there was a huge changed on Reddit which pretty much ruined everything I've enjoyed about this site, random subreddits which has nothing but post from Twitter(like those something people twitter). Politics suddenly invading other subreddits that has nothing to do with politics and how every time I open reddit it would default to popular in: <my country> which is annoying because I use Reddit to see what's going on around the world. If I want to see what's going on in my country I'm just gonna browse our local sites. Reddit sucks ass now, sorry not sorry.
Wine laws across different European countries.
Jim Carrey.  I mean, have you *seen* The Cable Guy?
Nice country to visit and experience for a while, not the best place to live though.
Goats are prolific. It isn't an isolated incident. You'd end up culling an entire heard if you tried to get rid of every goat that did that.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This is my biggest gripe about the democratic party. They stopped being the party of the working class and started being the party of the elites. Just give me someone I don't already know is a corporate elitist and ill consider not voting 3rd party again.  Like somehow I'm right wing now for saying open borders causes stagnate wages that hurt the working class when Bernie was saying the same thing in 2007. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills when they keep pushing that unlimited immigration is totally fine and sustainable and definitely won't hurt people in the lower classes.
Yeah aka “The rest of Dune” cause that shit ain’t finished yet.
Wait you guys are realizing you exist?
They "gifted" us the statue of liberty because some dude built a big ass statue and they were trying to find literally anyone they could to take the damn thing. Not because they just love us oh so much
Conversation over.
\*thinking about trying some
Where do you live that I couldn’t find a doctor that would treat me?
Totally, more posting too for people that may read later! Enjoy sounds beautiful.
Robert Downey Jr.
thanks for reminding me, gonna watch it again 😆
I know he's been dead for long but I wouldn't be surprised if one day, we'd find out Kurt Cobain was a serial killer. He is already sus af for threatening to kill an English journalist, and during an interview he said that he was pretty much a sociopath during high school and hated everyone. If I recall correctly, he DID mention having thoughts such as committing a school shooting back when he was a teenager. Plus, there's a lot of rumours about him and how he was nothing like the media portrayed him to be (and there's books written by people who knew him who said he was pretty much an asshole and potentially a sexual predator).
That Mo Salah is better than Eden Hazard ever was
Canada Geese.  Llama.
So did everyone fought or fought alongside Spiderman? All the Avengers would already got arrested in Captain America Civil War
?
I don’t like how the left appears so callous with abortions and treats every dissenting opinion like it’s a misogynistic one as apposed to being worried about a fetus.
It was easier than I thought.
https://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations
Dude here chewed on someone's dick
I did, until I got a whiff of [what would fill the vacuum](https://www.nationalaffairs.com/publications/detail/wokeness-and-the-new-religious-establishment).
I remember seeing articles saying he was locked in a room. How utterly terrifying for him. I wonder if they killed Kelly Preston too.
The only reason you pay so much in taxes is because of fillibusting, where senators add unrelated stuff to a bill that benefits themselves and their mates instead of just passing the bill. Republicans are notorious for that, though there are democrats who do that as well.
Truth.
Believing that friendzoning is a thing is a good one. They just aren't attracted to you as you are. You can change that, but then again, are they really worth changing for?           Of course, it worked in GREASE
It’s a great way to stay in shape
Brendon Urie. How has no one mentioned him yet? I wouldn’t be surprised in the slightest to find out he has a few bodies stashed somewhere.
Throughout civilization, religion has done much more harm than good.  People have been killed over religion. Wars have been fought, folks have been tortured, imprisoned, subjugated, enslaved and silenced because of religion. Cultural traditions and norms all around the world have become extinct because of religion.  Governments have been corrupted and hurt their own people over religion. It has fractured families, led to suicides, and people still continue to do all of those things I mentioned even today because of religion.  Meanwhile, all the good that can come from it and has come from it in the past can just as easily be done without religious influence, and we should strive toward that.
My saint bernard's
My favourite thing I’ve seen on the internet was a wrong number text between a doctor and some rando. The doctor thought he was texting a different doctor and described the symptoms of a girl who’d come into the ER and was asking for advice. The rando said she thought he had the wrong number, but google said he should put a stent in the left radial artery. Doctor replied later that they ended up using a stent, and it took them three hours for medical professionals to figure out what she did in three minutes.
Positive it was a joke because it that has been said tons of times above lol
Im certain he kills and drains his victims to stay alive after all these centuries.
Hot chicken wings crisps
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qgs0ya/what_would_happen_if_there_was_a_rule_to_only/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ask for what you want. It’s one of the only times in your life that’s it’s OK to put it right out there. Otherwise you’ll end up with a lot of unwanted gifts
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That would be peak witch-burning season, so I would definitively be burned alive in the town square if I walked around naked and tried to convince people I'm from the future.
Ok, bad. Sure. But when you marry a literal crown prince, the cheating is kind of a given. Could there be anyone on earth more catered to and taught that he's special?
Kevin Spacey
Dinosaur
I don't get it
Like I told all my classmates when we graduated a few months ago, "if you're looking for me in 5 years, check your local gas station"
Snowden is a traitor and should go to prison.  1st off everything he said is common knowledge. Don't believe me? Start with a book called The Puzzle Palace published in 1982. It ends where  Snowden begins. That's 40 years ago people. Every good journalist in DC knew everything he said before he said it. He was just a great story for several months.  He signed off on not revealing our nations secrets. Everyone knows we have those capabilities. We abuse in them internally (in the U.S.) far less than most people realize. His problem is he told the world. And he told the world HOW. You don't do that to your fellow Intel coworkers. It's serious business. China and Russia are no joke and he played right into their hands.  The United States Intelligence community is mostly comprised of good hard working and yes many ethical people. Many Americans on both far sides of the political spectrum have little understanding of how Intel communities work. Many high level people in the military and Intel got there because they are level headed, wise, not prone to irrational thoughts, and because they care. They have seriously been back ground checked, profiled, and trained. They daily keep some of the nutters on our side in check or better yet get them fired.   He's a self serving attention seeker claiming patriotism. He should go to prison for life.  *I am left wing to the core. However I grew up I some crazy places around the globe. Most Americans have very little clue how the world works. It's not a pretty picture at all. And believe me the U.S. has killed hundreds of thousands in Latin America and way, way more than history will ever realize in Asia post WW2.  I am ashamed, and hate this until my blood boils. But Snowden wasn't dealing with that. He was cry babying about something that has gone on since Nixon. Everyone knows we keeps tabs on Americans that are not to the establishment's liking since the Black Panthers and Civil Rights. You knew that. Telling our foreign enemies HOW we do it is not acceptable. Our problems on that level need to remain OUR problems. Russia and China don't need our help defeating us. The Republicans are already doing that for them.
HE ALLEGEDLY SHOT AND KILLED STRAY DOGS TO 'GET INTO CHARACTER'!
Left leaning here but I am interested in some less extreme MGTOW/redpill stuff. Not that incel shit obviously
Tax breaks for big businesses are about property taxes when building new facilities and are used to draw employers to an area by making land that would otherwise be too expensive to own for the business competitive with lower tax-rate locations.
I’m a Buddhist and tbh I don’t see anything wrong with Buddhism or maybe It’s because I’m not crazy into it. Anyone can enlighten me on all types of Buddhism.
they pulled the levers already. they're just killing us slowly while we give them what we have left in the process.
Well if the government isn’t able to provide any of basic infrastructure and needs of the populace it’s pretty much theft, I don’t think misusing tax money is anything but it.
Then I guess they win. Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
Depends, wedding probably 50 euros. Birthday, depends on the age. 20, 30yo  50 euros probably. Other numbers, buy a present 20 euros worth
Hippos, giant centipedes and black mambas. All overly aggressive animals.
Maps, dunno how I found anything before
Realize the errors of their old ways. Be better than they were the day before. And never simp in the ways the did before that had them down bad.
I think the OP is referring to something ENTIRELY different people!
I am looking for suger mummy
What gets me is when their religion says they need to eat a certain kind of bread and the government outlaws that bread. At that point they can't do their faith thingy. If it's not too much trouble we should allow people to keep their faith. If it prevents us from stopping global warming or protecting public health though, then fuck em. If it says they don't need to pay taxes, fuck em unless we all get that benefit.
I always thought pelicans looked like real jerks.
thats very interesting,or if a woman do that how a man will react
Llama
Why would he throw away the best part ?
What is difference
That all we do is drink beer, eat pretzels, wear leather pants. Cause thats only in ONE part of germany, in nearly every other part we do never to that. I mean i like pretzels.
I'm with you, misinformation is a huge issue on the internet, but what can we do about it? It's on the individual to check and not blindly believe everything they see like sheep.  Just scrolling through Reddit I notice multiple times a day a posts top comment will be a link calling bullshit or correcting something. I've seen it [twice](https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/qgfsvm/comment/hi62fmi/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) [today](https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/qgl772/comment/hi731ix/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) that I can remember. For the most part, that stuff always has a way of floating to the top and people who didn't deserve to be cancelled get some respect back and can continue life as normal. When saying this I'm thinking specifically of James Gunn, ProJared, and CallMeCarson.  Do you have anyone in mind personally who you think has been unfairly cancelled and stayed that way?
Covid was studied and selected from Wuhan lab specifically for its exponentially age-correlated mortality rate. It was then purposefully leaked by the Chinese government in an attempt to alter their horrible age demography which is set to be crippling across the next twenty years. A secondary goal is to sew chaos in the west, specifically the US, whose society and economy is much less capable of accepting/reacting to/controlling a pandemic than China's authoritarian state. Ironically, China's current demographic struggle is the result of their past 50 years of trying to control their headcount. They have a known history of controlling population and this is in my opinion not more or less drastic. Because the world accepts they are not transparent, we also accept we have know idea of how many people in China have died of covid. My guess? Quite a few.
Invest on only the amount you're willing to lose. Don't put your life savings on it. Would be pointless
never do it, London is a shit hole
Daily stabbing
I was CONSTANTLY confused. Like the good moments were great and he told me some of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me. At the same time he got a sick thrill out of being able to make me cry, so he would constantly try to. Breaking my shit, mocking me in front of his friends, insulting my dreams and aspirations, etc. it was miserable, but I thought I loved him
Pigeons from the UK. They are complete assholes
I saw that 600 and said "D@mn, I pay 750 rent.  Now my rent check's gonna be reported ea month?"
Lol, wait you actually care about paying attention to your karma?
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Badgers
Who?
he can't keep getting away with it...
Pragmatism. Or apathy. I'm not sure which and it doesn't really matter so why care?
Shitpost about it.
This was in my youtube feed.  Swear I didn't look for it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxXiTf4sO54
instagram
Selflessness.
I'm torn between being an expert cook and being an expert at making money.
I don't know.. He gradually stopped hanging out with all of his friends, including me.. He used to be very extroverted but he ended up all alone and barely speaking to anyone.   I suspected that he was going through depression or something like that so I tried reaching out to him, in person, via text and via phone calls, but he would always give me the same answer "I don't want to talk about it".  I also tried asking his other friends and close family members and they told me they did not know what was going on.   I didn't know what else to do so I gave up. This was 3 years ago. Now we still talk from time to time but calling it a friendship would be a stretch.
Schrodinger's equation
I think they would be very chaotic neutral. Just running around eating things, attacking larger animals, rolling around, climbing in your window.
I think their attention to detail in their craft is admirable.
Why would a business be liable for a person’s private healthcare choice? Maybe make the person liable. Actually, that’s already a thing. People get charged with assault for maliciously spreading disease.
My parents told me my top two choices were unacceptable so I went with number 3. I now have half a degree in Latin Literature. Don't be me!
Think as if you're your future self looking back to now. I forget who said it
Swords and sandals
Something call the Wisconsin Burger at AJ bombers in Milwaukee. I wanted to give the chef a hug.
Teeth falling out
Guys come on. I used the serious tag on this post
HAHA when peopl,e say "sea men" or "see men" out loud i always start laughing
The friendzone doesn't exist. Girls don't owe you a relationship for being nice to them, and if you're only being nice to them because you want to date them you're probably a bad person.
There are these WEIRD anti-development groups in every major city in America. What’s really strange about them is they’re all primarily Spanish speaking and 1st gen Latin American immigrants are doing a lot of the protesting.  I used to see them in DC wandering around singing songs and holding signs with anti-gentrification slogans and about protecting the original inhabitants FROM PEOPLE WHO WERE BORN IN A DIFFERENT COUNTRY. The original residents of DC are like 85% black. But for some reason it’s immigrants protesting building apartments. And I know there are similar groups in San Fransisco, New York, and elsewhere. These groups oppose and block development projects in areas with rising rents and a lack of housing.
That weird pedo-ish comedian Chris D’elia or whatever his name is
Alec Baldwin
Nobody should be canceled. Fuck cancel culture!
That’s a must , thanks
This isn’t a right wing position.   “Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary” - Karl Marx
A big salary. Lack of man buns. No feminists. No shitty rainbow flags or badges. Meat in the staff canteen. Boozing encouraged on a Friday afternoon.
It wasn't coined to be popular. It was initially an academic term and when it eventually trickled into the wider vernacular, people assumed that academia is demanding that it be used by everyone--very similar to the current hysteric misconceptions about critical race theory.
Capitalism or rather free market trade is the best thing that has happened to humanity in the last couple of centuries. It has emancipated billions of people, lifted billions out of poverty and is the best system we currently have. Surely it has its flaws, they are not even trivial, but most of left economical talk is regressive as fuck and is destroying something out of pure ignorance and ideology.
Gendered nouns!?!?! That's *VIOLENCE*!
I'd plan my home/ family support hub . Over the years I've seen so many families struggling to keep a roof over their head, lacking skills , struggling with depression amongst other things . It makes me want to do something big to help others. But also I'd try keep my finical history under lock and key  as many very troubling people could try take advantage
Exactly.   And you have to keep in mind that the Federal government has about $300T in assets. The "debt" isn't even 10% of that.   The debt is just a way to get liquid cash flow for expenditures while retaining the economic benefit those assets produce.   And it's not like the debt is money that's just getting burnt, the debt is money that the Federal government is investing into the US economy.
Videogames, apparently
Doc Holliday's (Val Kilmer) outfit from Tombstone. Incredibly stylish, and I would love it even more if it came with the 1877 Colt Lightning and SAA.  [Here is a good picture that shows off the outfit. ](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ERhIDgQWkAId9NK.jpg)
I checked the salary and 5 year projection of growth. I’m a nurse and it worked out for me.
johny cage
The saddest  I remember was the death in ff7, but it was also like the worst for errors in detail. Water on one side, then the other, shadow here, ribbon no ribbon. Glove no glove, stuff like that, forgot it exactly, but it wouldn't survive a closer look.   It just had a really good sad song and she had good character dev/was likeable.   The Witcher 3 had numerous ones if you chose poorly/let things go to hell. Suicides,burnings, everything else.
Hmmm.
Happiness
Wiped off the map? how many billions have to die becuase the chinese government is evil?
I'm alone, walking around my home town, its old, like when i was a kid... buildings that have long been pulled down are still around, but for some reason alot of things are on fire, im my younger self.. i catch my reflection in a mirror and its younger me but distorted like looking in a fun house mirror.      i make my way on to a mountain near by (which there arent any) i see grave stones and i stumble, im now falling and can hear waves crashing on rocks, im heading towards the bottom of a cliff and about to crash in to rocks and the ocean..      i wake up mid jolt as in im in mid air and land on my bed... and i fucking hate that nightmare
Is Nut Head an [MBMBaM reference?](https://youtu.be/LYD0jWk3yxg)
But at some level, what is?  Lance Armstrong has a mutation that allowed to have more hemoglobin in his blood for better oxygen use (not counting the cheating and doping to up it even more).   Michael Phelps has rather odd body proportions that lend him towards swimming.  Is it fair that they compete against normal genetic-ed/shaped people?  What about rich countries in the Olympics that can afford all sorts of special gear to increase performance versus a poor country that is year old gear?  All competitive endeavors are inherently unfair in some way or another.
I know, I did both
Joel Osteen took a 4.4 million dollar COVID payroll loan from the government (and only started paying it back two weeks ago when people started protesting), owns a mansion, a personal jet, and is personally worth 100 million dollars.  But no, tell us how it's full of shit. Please. Elaborate.
I'm not American, but the Language stuff is also here in Germany and can be kinda annoying.   Just a few years ago when you wanted to adress e.g. a group of teachers with the phrase "Dear teachers, ..." you'd say "Lieber Lehrerinnen und Lehrer, ..." or just the masculine "Liebe Lehrer, ..." Now the "leftists" (I use that term ver vaguely in this comment) use "Liebe Lehrer:innen, ...". That colon is supposed to be a small stop, so you'd pronunce it like the feminine version, but with a stop between "Lehrer" and "innen". It just sounds strange. What's so wrong about just using the masculine or feminine form or using both like we used to?
Music "industry", games "industry", movies "industry".  Industry implies that you are only making it to sell, witch takes away everything art is supposed to be.
Bc my crush is my best friend🙆‍♂️
Ellen Degenerative  You all know who I mean
I very much wouldn't mind being a 4th member of Death Grips
Can you show us the studies. I spent a long while reading through some incredibly long article and through the studies they were basing their conclusions off when this was brought up some months ago. Frankly none of the studies were particularly convincing, especially when it comes to sport and how many different factors go into just any one activity.
My mind refuses to accept it could ever be Keanu!
Stay locked inside. No way I'm going to be in the middle of that.
Confidence. I'm not doing a chips bit here. Confidence and if we have better communication. If u guys have good times, he knows ur worth and u aren't ugly  u should get them. Unless their a man whores then u should just look for someone else. Cast a wide net. U can pick the fish u want that way. lol
😬
The democrat party is actively demolishing Gabbard, Manchin, and Sinema
Smoking a joint in a police station
Fries ... 🤤🤤
69
Glad you seem to have solved what dermatologists have been puzzling over for decades. You heard it here folks, you just need to wash your face properly!
You said pooping 💩. NOT popping!
I've been learning Spanish and it's a term I've only seen in politics. Like, it's the x is meant as a placeholder for a and o so it's not gendered, right?  Well, and I'm not an authority on this, but the whole Spanish language would have to be rewritten to "not cause offence" because it's all gendered, no?  The chair and table I'm sitting at are feminine, but the coffee I'm enjoying and the train I'm on is masculine. That group of women enjoy an `ellas`, but their male friend rejoins them from the bathroom and it's now an `ellos`.
My oldest pupper. She waits for no one! She is demanding and talks to us all the time.
Mind Controll
After everything that happened she still got a cartoon show. I guess so, yeah.
Hooch is crazy.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The 48 laws of power
I dropped mine and they rolled under my fridge. I cant get them back unless i move the fridge
I support the death penalty for cold blooded murder as long as the evidence is overwhelming.
It's meant to totally fuck with the audience and make th m feel inferior about their lives.  All corporate media under capitalism is propaganda.  ESPECIALLY THE ENTERTAINMENT.  You're supposed to look at the people on TV and see how they do MUCH better than you do despite being complete idiots or having no skills.  It's meant to trick you into believing that everyone else is managing to do just fine financially and so if you aren't it must be a problem that's unique to you.
They were a pretty crap male athlete prior to transitioning but yes an average or above average male power lifter would do very well.  You lose about 5% muscle mass after a year of treatment.
Why?   While we do become more narrow minded as we get older, I dont see any real benefit from it. Additionally, it's tempting to get trapped into a routine for years on end, which isn't healthy.   Why not try more things and experience new things?
Them? I didn't know banana's where alive
Thank you!
Kevin Spacey
Crispin Glover
These fuckers. I’m surprised it’s not further up. They are not afraid of shit and they don’t move for anything.   “Hey, uh, raccoon, could you, uh, please get out of my tent” shakes tent, uses broom, throws beer bottle…  Raccoon: “no” …scoffs at my broom;drinks the beer
robbing a bank
LibreLink lets me scan a device on my arm that tells me what my blood sugar level is.  MySugr lets me put in that number, plus the amount of carbs i'm eating and tells me how much Insulin I need.  Diabetes is dumb but these apps are amazing.
Apollo for Reddit.
Horses
How would we even know if voter fraud occurs?  No one is going to admit to it.
A good chunk of it is also just people who can't afford for their cost of living to go up. If we could reduce the income gap, and do a better job of making sure wages rise with cost of living, this wouldn't so much of an issue.
Try me.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
League of Legends
What happens when you touch Dwayne Johnsons butt? You hit rock bottom.
Eric Johnson is from Texas where that plant is well known, and kind of symbolic of the kind of tough resilience those folks have.
if i cant plant it, banana bread. The most honorable way.
Lol, in my list of immortality id sign me, my partner, my 2 kids, and my mom up. Because i also cannot fathom the day my mom has to go… anyone after that I’ll selfishly say I’m ok with a regular life for them
Some gor profit activity can be good
It'd definitely suck, but imagine telling a guy dying of thirst in the desert "lol imagine if having water to drink was like the only thing you had going for you in life."
That's kind of the thing though. Self-described party Democrats (about 31% of voters) have a positive view of the Clintons, but that's not very many people. And it's not even 100% of them. (about 76% of Democrats) It's the same as Trump. People who like a party leader and identify with that party dramatically over-estimate their popularity with the average American. The reality is most Americans probably hate both the Clintons and Trump simultaneously.  And polarization is so stable that the same percentage of Democrats have a positive view of Trump as Republicans do Hillary. About 4%. Hillary won the popular vote purely because there are more Democrats than Republicans, as far as I can tell. Especially considering how reliable Republican voters are. Independents dislike them about evenly (about 30% approval).
Lol I climbed by being passive. Work at 30% capacity not 100 cuz when you slow down they'll really notice
Dear America,  We're not mad. We're just disappointed.  Sincerely, Britain.
The problem is voter ID laws aren't generally about voter IDs at all. Look at NC for example, they passed a "Voter ID law" that required picture ID to vote, to be provided for free if you don't have a driver's license, but the bill also eliminated things like early voting, reduced the number of polling stations, eliminated same day registration, etc. Not only did it do those things, but the people that wrote the bill researched which systems minorities used disproportionately and eliminated exactly those, as a federal judge put it "with almost surgical precision". So when people say Voter ID laws are racist or disproportionately effect minorities, THAT'S what they're talking about, the *other* things that find their way in to these bills. Just like NC legislators hiding anti abortion laws in a motorcycle helmet bill, NC Dems don't hate motorcycle helmets, they just rightfully pointed out that anti abortion legislation shouldn't be involved in a motorcycle helmet law.  Other states have done the same. Hell, Ohio makes you pay for a voter ID, which I don't know how that isn't considered a poll tax.
"I know for a fact they ain't letting you send texts in that jail"
He could kill tons of people by boring people to death. Why is he so popular? He’s bland as a bowl of oatmeal.
Although I don’t stub mine I have massive long feet us13 and they kinda tuck away lol… but yeah I always thought it was odd and I’ve never seen or heard of another person lol
Me too!
If I'm dating someone, I always expect it.. partly why I don't like dating, it's like walking on eggshells the whole time never knowing if they're thinking of leaving
>Wouldn't every main battery round be considered a DD also so +200$ and a long ass wait each time.  Yes, but if you are rich, you can just be an FFL, and hire a couple guys to reload rounds for you.  There are very few weapons that are actually illegal for civilians in the U.S., short of nukes and guided missiles. They're mostly just expensive.
I’ve heard some men just give off like taken vibes. If that makes sense. I’ve had women tell me because of how I treated them they thought I already had a girlfriend. Like you’re to kind to hit on them but way to upfront for there to be more than just a friend.
First of all, reddit is anonymous. Second of all, she can't make your life a living hell if you cut her out of your life.
There's a difference between hunting and taking joy in suffering. Hunters like to give fast deaths to animals so there isn't much suffering. Future-serial-killer type people have fun when they cut off animal appendages. Like, if they out of their way to capture then torture an animal, it's a sign of mental health problems.
Ayyyyyy ghost busters
A quote I read somewhere:  "Democrats fall in live, Republicans fall in line"  If Dems don't love a candidate they don't go out and vote, while Republicans vote in every election no matter who or what is on the ballot (that's why R's usually do well in midterms).
Fall - the Terrordactyls
When one strips a religion down to the core and only save the philosophy, all religions are good. But when you add organised superstition and cultural oppression, it all goes sour.
I said ate, not sucked.
You never understand how living poor feels like.
Oh, my sweet summer child.
I dont know the credibility of this source but I read a story of this horrific time. It was something like a pastor raped a native 12 year old girl or a minor got her pregnant and then once the baby was born they threw the child into boiler pit in the kitchen .( these actions seem something that humanity think normal from days old where something like this was a consistent occurrence but hidden to avoid scrutiny. Therefore we perceive our current time a more progressive attitude of things of this evil nature but I  truly regress this idea as personally humanity is the same during the last 2000 years and has never progressed sufficiently morally. We have just progressed further with technology.
My dog
Christian Bale. And I've never seen American Psycho..
Money Heist but in 24 hours and with already existing money.
\/u\/spez
MF went to Taco bell 20 minutes after he was born
You will know that everything you ever eat or drink afterwards for the rest of your life will not be the worst thing you could ever eat or drink.
What about one twisted tea?
That Americans are fat morons who shoot guns to solve every problem and that we're ignorant of the rest of the world's cultures .
Eat hot chip
Today I had the realization that potentially my drink might have been messed with and I already loathed he who I don’t name.
Most justified I take it. The ones who were purely compelled by honor ig
Whenever the owner of the body our system is housed in sleeps it's usually just tramatic memories with the added "I didn't escape form the water" messages that scare our host Into not wanting to escape this own trama.
There's no "dumb" reason for someone to not want to be in a relationship with you. If they don't like you in that way then they don't like you in that way.
Stop, I can only be so erect.
Jimmy Savile
Having lots of cats.
Most liberal solutions to modern issues are tepid and half-assed because anything that actually solves the problem would be "muh ebil Gommunizm."
?
Got to eat some greasy pizzas!
Is this a right wing idea?
That's just it though. Everyone wants their values applied to the rules of society. In America we value democracy. We are generally offended when someone tries to take this away from America. We are willing to get violent over this, to protect our values.  There are other kinds of values, fascism, piety, profiteering, frugality, order, justice, etc. We live among people with strongly held beliefs for all of the possible value systems and some extremists who would even fight to change things.
want me to tell the whole story?
my teeth shattering into tiny little pieces. i can always feel the little chunks and taste the blood.
As a dude, this is why we need more male birth control options. It shouldn’t be all on you.
Teeth falling out. And boy does it feel real. you feel them wiggling with your tongue. You feel the holes afterwards and the emptiness.
Locking my doors.
They're the rudest little animals out there. I scrolled past a lot of "cat" and maybe cats would sit there and make some real bitchy comments but a goat would get an instant erection *in public* and ask if you or your sexy handbag want to "get it, baby".  Then you'd try to ignore it as best you can because hey, they're goats, but then they'd just say "If you didn't want it, you wouldn't have carried that Louis Vuitton past a fa-a-a-a-arm."
Understanding that there are smarter people than themselves and not every argument/battle is worth the effort
Religion has treated a lot of people pretty poorly and I don’t blame them for resenting it.
I've always Iike the idea of an 'open' league where any gender can compete.
Oh wow! I'm nervous about being 11 and not pooping my cherry yet. Any advice?
...that...that's not how the judicial system works.
Walk between them and start eating. It will probably calm them down
Yeah, democrats which I'm one. Want to have all public schools funded by local taxes which stratifies the kids into economic tiers.
Donkey. I have a Donkey onesie. I was going to be Jason Voorhees (again) but I lost the damn mask.
Ellen Dedangerous
My choice. Im content and fulfilled For now. Plus I’m not ready to share the remote again yet.
Touch my camera through the fence Garth.
Where do you even find these people? I have literally never seen a person fake being neurodivergent IRL and the only time I see it online is when people like you complain about them. I actually believe you're just perpetuating some "kids these days" stereotype and this is not some widespread issue.
Depends on what that particular goat was for. Some animals are really expensive if they have particularly desirable lineage and are able to reproduce well. I don't know much about goats or if that's a thing for them, but if it is, you want to keep your breeder away from ones too young for it, but they're also some of the most expensive animals. Killing it not only kills that investment but also possibly multiple generations of strong stock after.  But even if it's a working goat or a goat set for slaughter or whatever kind of goat they were raising it to be, the beasts aren't cheap. If you can avoid killing one, you try to. If it starts killing the young ones, you might have to sacrifice one so you're not losing many, but that's really an undesirable outcome.
Oprah
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My old bully was forced into a military boarding school because his parents were fed up with his entitled actions
Steven King
it gives you the power to bring dead bugs back to life
Shaving. Must you come back every damn day? I already drag sharpened steel over my face to cleanse you, don't you get the hint?
hiding probably, or hiring a top of the marker hacker to get me money somehow
Accusations of bigotry shouldn’t be used to bully and silence people who are minding their own business, and getting aggressive about language does more harm than good.  For example, accusations of transphobia against lesbians who won’t have sex with someone who has a penis. They have the right to refuse sex with anyone, everyone has that right. But trying to turn their queer communities against them and shame them into sex they don’t want is coercive and horrifying.  On a less serious note, if I ever get pregnant, I want to be called a “pregnant woman,” not a “person with a uterus,” which I find degrading and dehumanizing. I’m happy to use whatever language people want me to use for them, but they don’t get to decide what language I use for myself. Trying to ban women from mentioning vaginas or being called women so that trans women don’t feel “excluded” strikes me as so deranged that I can barely believe it’s happening.  To many on the left, these two opinions would brand me transphobic and a TERF. In reality, I believe trans people have every right to live their lives however they see fit, and they deserve to be safe, and treated with dignity and respect just like anyone else. But I think calling people bigots for the opinions above— which are pretty tame IMO— just alienates people who are supportive but aren’t willing to have their words and choices dictated.
Approved
Ted Cruz
My Dad
You’re welcome. Some people are late bloomers so only start to worry if you are 25 and haven’t pooped yet
Oat flakes with banana (yes, the fruit, I swear).
My ex’s father.  My ex was amazing and it sounds like his dad was a terror-inflicting religious nut. As one last favor to him, send my shit to his dad
Genuinely, and I’m not lying , that is the most beautiful penis and balls I’ve seen, and I’ve seen loads . Can you try to DM Me? Unfortunately not working on my end
ArmieHammer.
Honey badger.
Yeah ik, that’s why I said 100% irreversible, while the other one is partially irreversible
Tax rates shouldn’t be increased for the wealthy, rather, we should get rid of the loopholes they use to avoid taxes.
You can't give them back 10 years of their life or undo their suffering either.
What should they be checking for? I don't want to see any medical info wind up in a govt db. All they legally check for now is felonies and whether or not an individual is on the homeland security checklist. I don't believe there's any easy, unobtrusive way of determining/predicting beforehand who's going to commit a gun crime. Keep the NICS check, but make it universal. They can't even pass that one. See that everyone gets a gun, keep the population in check?
Unwavering patriotism is nationalism.
Haha, will do! O7
Yikes
With new technologies, the current miners would be replaced with more efficient ones which can mine more with lesser energy. Should be interesting to see what eth 2.0 holds down the line
You can watch the movie: Purge. Seems pretty accurate of what people would do
Ever seen the poor guy who played Torgo in Manos - Hand of Fate? ([Scene](https://youtu.be/LneQo-4qE3I&t=35s))  Too bad he didn't have the chance to become a celibrity. He was portraying a satyr but had his leg props upside down.   The resulting pain has led him to take painkillers, that show effects on him on camera.   TW >!His legs got fucked up so baf he had lost his hopes for a future carreer, and committed suicide before the movie premiered.!<
Yes I did lol
There used to be an Italian place in town, might have even been a chain, I don't know - just one of their pizzas, with the huge pepperonis and thin crust and little bit of basil and of course, lotta parmesan cheese to top it off.
How was it?
i dont care about it, but my dad is obsessed with it
Uphold the law for 24 hours.
The Dressmakers of Auschwitz. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Joaquin Phoenix seems like he’d be a really good killer.
Because I can spell
Turns out all those times jack was fucking himself.
Try drawing just patterns and relaxing until you get something you like. Maybe draw only 10-20 minutes each day so you dont get to frustrated
>national IDs are for fascists  Yet there's SSN, driver's licence and passport. How can anyone sane stilll object....
James Corden.
What you can afford.
I guess it depends on where you're from and what train infrastructure there is. I'm a \~30 years old french who spent a lot of time in trains and I would love to build a small train track with [TGV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TGV) models but that's extremely expensive ([500€ for a small 2 cars - 2 engines TGV train set](https://www.jura-modelisme.fr/tgv/34364-jouef-hj2356ds-coffret-4-elements-tgv-sud-est-livree-bleu-avec-logo-carmillon-8425420704956.html), really ?) and I neither have the space nor time for it anyway.
im sorry.......what?.......
Anything with a cord, mostly hairdryers. I work as a hairstylist and that shit gets in the way CONSTANTLY
Same question in a week, is this a personal attack?   Oh right, my answer is "because of my paranoia"
Stuck at Levitating
How do u know??
Remember Everything - Five Finger Death Punch
What dat
Thanos also gets arrested because he pinned an underage boy.
I imagine they would be extremely sarcastic and constantly dishing out backhanded compliments. Probably also randomly pointing out insecurities. They wouldn't be outright using insults, they would just make snarky remarks and gaslight you when confronted about it.
Guess it's time to lock myself up. Better start preparing in advance.
They’re incredibly loud, will attack for the simple reason that you exist, are relentless in their attacks, have no limit to who/what they will attack (eg attack child/horse/giant tractor with no differentiation), will chase you down for a long distance if you get into their space, attack outside of their territory too, and seem to attack just for the fun of it.   Geese are the epitome of arseholes
Reese Witherspoon
Funny asf people just take things to personal these days
>The city wouldn’t give it to us because they literally owed themselves money.   Sounds like a them problem. They should just go ahead and send the bailiffs against themselves and make sure they pay themselves.  Dumb shit like that shouldn't be an issue for you.
I though we'd all be happy if religion died out, but i see now that people will behave similarly even without religion. Look at the 'woke' crowd, "cancelling" people for stating FACTS. There are some people out there that live in delusions, and hurt others because of their own delusions, and they're not even religious. I wish we could all be happy regardless of religion or or any other made up bullshit.
This is all alleged but if you go to a lot of concerts you hear things. I have heard, from girls who were with him, that he forces things they weren’t comfortable with but he didn’t rape them, according to them. Also that he is very self centered during sex and doesn’t even acknowledge that the girl is even there. But again these are all second hand stories, I can’t verify any of this.
Alec Baldwin
Been too too skinny forever
nice people who are kind to others!
I don't care what people personally believe,  but religion should not have influence on politics and people shouldn't get special treatment due to religious beliefs. Because who is to decide what religion is "legitimate " or not? If someone for example gets exempt from a particular task at work because of their religious beliefs,  can I then just claim to worship the giant duck in the sky and get the same exemption? Who gets to decide that I'm not serious?
I have to watch it every time it is linked. I'm never disappointed. There is always something else I missed.
Thanks for the response
It doesn't help that half of "small businesses" aren't really what people think of as a small business.  The vast majority of Maccas, dominos, BK lounges etc are "small businesses"
Self improvement. Inside and out
Unusual indeed. When I bought my iPad for the very first time, smartphones were not this major. Well, it was but not this much. There were still plenty of people without their data minutes but with 2G, 3G only capable of call and text kind of phones.    Anyway, my payment plan got pretty much attched to the tablet and like people do wih their smartphones, I’ve been upgrading my iPad with the exact same plan without buying the extra phone.  I actually pre-ordered my very first smartphone yesterday. :)
I’m sorry you feel that way.
lol
What's your solution to the rise of a tyrannical government? Ask them politely to stop oppressing you?
Pornhub.
Thor Ragnarok: Thor vs. Hulk, or the later scene with those monsters and OP one eyed Thor.
Lost at sea.
Crackwhore!
They were all doubled over, clutching their stomachs, and sweatin from the fruit shits
Benjamin Franklin. After he passed 15 bodies were found in his basement buried in a secret windowless room
Once when I was a kid on holiday with my parents on a beach in Turkey, an adorable little puppy wandered up to me. I thought it was just the cutest thing i'd ever seen. I put my hand out to stroke his head and a man who i think was a lifeguard or something said "No". I looked at him and he shook his head with a strange expression on his face and said "Sick". It was then that the little pup started to try heave and ended up coughing out what I thought was a big rubber band. Except when I kept looking it was definitely moving on it's own and turning over.  I've never forgotton that.
Not very good. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
Brown Recluse spiders.
Were you bitten by a sheep?
A good indicator is how performative/theatric the women are, IMO. If there’s a lot of loud moaning and weird positions and staring at the camera, it’s probably safe to assume it’s lesbian porn made for men.
I'd slaughter them all. Only an insane man would be crazy enough to allow himself to be kept prisoner.
Honestly I just don't think sex scenes add anything to a narrative, except making it more awkward to watch with your parents.
You find that bizarre? That's a staple of any sandwich place... but then, I find pineapple on pizza bizzar, so who am I to speak.
I’m the one who tipped over the Faygo vending machine at the local IGA in 2008. There, I said it. Happy now?
It's a joke you're using as a literal example.
He probably read you as a nice  good person compared to the other peoplr in expensive suits. This is a skill they develop.
Sorry about your pants.
Knitting?
Humans… oh wait
I was expecting Loin
Ehh I think he did at least one thing wrong. I mean brown? Who says that brown is their favorite color. That’s awful
I mean most medical care is voluntary, it can be recommended but not required.
I got it for Christmas last year for my base PS4. Started it, had some issues, read about others having a lot of issues and just shelved it. Finally got back into it a few weeks ago. Doesn't run amazing, plenty of hiccups, and sometimes crashes - but overall far more playable than it was. I'm really enjoying it now, though. That said, I'm hoping the next gen release is more polished and they add a few things to the game.
Rape is immanent probably 🤷🏻‍♂️
I feel like this question will eventually make me kill myself
I'm like 2-3 times a week. Always have been. I can hold it in for weeks at a time when I have to.
The idea was yours. Thank you, my friend!
Karens
Humans, they destroy pretty much everything.
Have you discussed this with your doctor?
Anyone else remember [Unidan](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unidan)?
sori
Cats
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Depending on how you word the question (using rape as opposed to "forced against your will"), studies show between 30-50% of women regularly experience fantasies about this.
tbh I'm still figuring it out
Having a threesome I accidently peed...cleaned everything up and good to go. Little weird, but good laugh.  Life's funny.
Apart from Humans, right?
Shameless, no. Office, yes
Me
Favorite character from my favorite animated series
I was bored one night and humoured the ad. I made an account with my fake spam email. I messaged one of the "women" with a simple "beep boop beep", mockingly expecting a similar response. It's response was a generic pick up line immediately. I went to reply, that's when the website asked me to pay to be able to respond to this bunch of code. /end humouring. /exit trap.
mosquitos
Awesome! Thanks!
Homo sapiens
Thinking how much cash I have on me.
That's a pretty long haul, did you just move out after lol
The trifecta
Flint napping
humans
Have as much fun as possible
how I learned about the boy fly   https://youtu.be/XAkd_Vkuuxo
The Office.  Opposite Answer: IT Crowd.
BEHOLD! The Pentagina!
Humans.
can't find a list but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_of_males?wprov=sfti1
Centipedes
[https://www.reuters.com/article/us-climate-extinctions/u-n-urges-world-to-slow-extinctions-3-each-hour-idUSL2253331920070522](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-climate-extinctions/u-n-urges-world-to-slow-extinctions-3-each-hour-idUSL2253331920070522)  Why pick?   Species are going extinct faster than we can keep track of them:  [https://now.tufts.edu/articles/extinction-crisis](https://now.tufts.edu/articles/extinction-crisis)  My suggestions:  Poison ivy, poison oak, poison sumac.  Oops! Only one?  Get rid of poison ivy.
Big hug
Once, maybe twice a day. Tennessee
***Not this time motherfucker...***  I saw right through you.
We had the sex
Cats
Sign of superiority
Louisiana Purchase  Manifest destiny yo
I had a friend from kindergarten, we were always a “couple”, hung out all the time, first kiss on both ends, her family moved out of state when we were in 8th or 9th grade. I still think about her, even though we both have our own families now and she moved away over 15 years ago. We promised we would stay in touch but I broke contact when I got with my wife a year later.  I found out she was in town visiting some friends recently and really wanted to hit her up but I didn’t because I didn’t think it would be good for either of our relationships.
I second this. I'm the only person in my family who won't eat them at Xmas lol
Patriot is probable their best show that no one has watched. Incredibly brilliant dark comedy.
My IQ isn’t much but i guess my stupid brain has justified it
Jesus Christ be careful. You might wake the “anti-natalists”*   *^(17 year olds who don’t want kids)
I have to loose weight
midgies, the little cunts itch like a bitch after they piss on you
Onision, probably isn't even on here though lol
The color has hues
Op where are you from if not from usa
Shoulda put a nsfw tag on this
Definitely cockroaches
Learn how to cook order food will break the bank
Me and my friend were at his older brothers house. His older brother new a couple of dudes who owned a weed farm/warehouse (legal in California) and got bud for super cheap and in bulk.  Both of us 15 at the time and stoned as fuck on his older brothers apartment with this "friend" we knew sitting across from us. Dude must have been 19-20 ish had a car, a job, a gf and was waiting to pickup from friends older brother. To our knowledge the guy was just a normal and chill. Me and my buddy are sitting there talking about trying to get girls our age and the guy over hears and cuts us off out of nowhere to start talking about the best way to make them like you and how to seem mature for your age and whatnot. He just keeps going on and on and referring to them as "game" and just keeps stating these weird and predatory "tips" for us to use. Turns out this grown ass dude was "dating" (grooming) not one not two BUT THREE teenage girls from like 15-17  ON THE LOW WHILE STILL HAVING A GIRLFRIEND. Dude just straight up tells us this and starts pulling up some extremely revealing ass pictures of them. We just kind of stare in shock as he just brings this shit up like an achievement like normal. And then almost as quick as he started he gets up and leaves by saying something along the lines of: "best part is, is that they are all broke as fuck and have to come to me for food" and walks off to the other room and out the door. Even in our faded states of minds it was the most fucked up shit I have heard to date. I sincerely hope those girls are doing better but damn makes my skin crawl.
Hey guys, did you know that in terms of male human and female Pokémon breeding, Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokémon for humans? Not only are they in the field egg group, which is mostly comprised of mammals, Vaporeon are an average of 3”03’ tall and 63.9 pounds, this means they’re large enough to be able handle human dicks, and with their impressive Base Stats for HP and access to Acid Armor, you can be rough with one. Due to their mostly water based biology, there’s no doubt in my mind that an aroused Vaporeon would be incredibly wet, so wet that you could easily have sex with one for hours without getting sore. They can also learn the moves Attract, Baby-Doll Eyes, Captivate, Charm, and Tail Whip, along with not having fur to hide nipples, so it’d be incredibly easy for one to get you in the mood. With their abilities Water Absorb and Hydration, they can easily recover from fatigue with enough water. No other Pokémon comes close to this level of compatibility. Also, fun fact, if you pull out enough, you can make your Vaporeon turn white. Vaporeon is literally built for human dick. Ungodly defense stat+high HP pool+Acid Armor means it can take cock all day, all shapes and sizes and still come for more
Hey, twenty dollars is twenty dollars.  Or in this case, 3.2 million dollars.
Squid game
He will reorganise the world into the FIRST PLANETARY EMPIRE
Flies, definitely flies.
I've follow yours now too :) Have a good day!
Ants! Hate those little mother fuckers
I don’t know, my ex told me it was just as good as branded make up. She usually used their eye liner
>It's to prevent situations like Texas, where a concealed gun carry license, which doesn't have a photo, is accepted, but a college ID, which does have a photo, isn't.  The whole reason for that is gun owners are more republican and college students are more democrat.  They want to get rid of that horseshit.  Sorry, but you've been lied to. Texas License to Carry ID's are nearly identical to state drivers licenses as they include a photo Id, name, address, identifying information, and drivers license ID.  Current format as of February 2020:   [http://web.archive.org/web/20211028064912/https://www.dps.texas.gov/sites/default/files/documents/rsd/ltc/news/ltc\_design.pdf](http://web.archive.org/web/20211028064912/https://www.dps.texas.gov/sites/default/files/documents/rsd/ltc/news/ltc_design.pdf)  &#x200B;  Previous format from 2013 which, if it's identical to a January 2020 license would expire in January 2025 as they are renewed every 5 years :  [https://web.archive.org/web/20170124104419/https://www.chron.com/neighborhood/champions-klein/news/article/Texas-No-1-in-gun-purchase-applications-9497239.php](https://web.archive.org/web/20170124104419/https://www.chron.com/neighborhood/champions-klein/news/article/Texas-No-1-in-gun-purchase-applications-9497239.php)
"Genius" by Harold Bloom.
My fiance was on top, it slipped out, our timing was off and i tried to thrust back in and now i have a slight curve in my penis 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is a good answer!
Please do this. Just be honest and make your intentions clear with him. They may not like it but as a guy I would rather be let down easy than lead on.
live life
Every 2 days.🇬🇧
Use Audacious in Winamp mode, it's just as good. Better, as it's FOSS.
Yes but how
Thank you so much!
It's water. I mean, it's water. Water. Most basic of basics. Water.   Drink when you're thirsty, drink when you are bored, drink with every meal, drink during sports, whatever. It's water. Don't be stupid about it and yeah, fuck yeah.
Spending my entire 22nd birthday alone because my moms exbf wanted to go to his grandmas birthday and wanted my mom to go with him. No cake, just a made myself a birthday sandwich and chips. Sat outside alone eating my birthday sandwich and chips, silently cursing to myself.
Hard to do so make it a HABIT
Once every 2 days, Mexico
fire.
Humanity 😉
Rap/hip-hop music. Nails on a chalk board. Also not into pop music.
This was a trick question all games are good if you think it is a bad game that is your own opinion and I support that
Started playing video games. Shooting Nazi zombies wasn't quite as helpful as cutting, but it was distracting enough to get through the crisis point.
No that’s crazy!  She was a cavewoman freshly thawed and lookin’ for love
my grandmother from my mother's side did you know that people start emitting weird orange foam from their head when they get cremated-
How did his ex call if she was block- oh....
Oh my God... my boner and soul would've left the fucking atmosphere right there.
The ghost of Michael Jackson.
Leto used the Joker persona to act like a jackass that even the Joker wouldn't like.
2 times sometimes 5 from us
At least once a day usually twice a day. Michigan.
god why would they keep up with that gimmick after seeing those guys try to act out whatever little skits the producers write for them? it makes me physically uncomfortable to watch. i just wanna hear some guy tell me what the serial number on a civil war bayonet means
Cardi B
I want to sleep but my dog is on my lap and I feel bad waking him up.   America makes no sense. We fight over every little thing and get nothing done. Help us
Humans
Damn, sorry :-(  My 21st wasn't special at all, but my GF at the time at least made me dinner, so that was cool.  Just a stay-at-home dinner and a movie.  EDIT: And speaking of Birthdays, Happy Cake Day!!!
🍱🍣🍙
Probably feel guilty about that bacon cheeseburger I had for lunch.
About time.
not every time that I'm done with a workout, but I'm only interested in being on reddit during those times when I'm done with one. Gets me feeling stimulated, and proud enough to feel like I've earned the right to waste some time.
Regularity in the bathroom.  A lot of people don’t realize that staying adequately hydrated can decrease the incidence of constipation.
Don't feel bad for saying that girl you are 100% right. Feminism is fighting for men and women to be the same, not calling someone a rapist because you don't agree with what party they voted
Literally everything on Wish app
It really depends on a lot of different factors such as where you are, how you grew up, interests, etc. Some people are into it because it was a shared interest with an older family member like many hobbies. This is normal if you think about other activities like basketball, baseball, ballet, piano, etc.  Sometimes guns can be heirlooms and passed down from one generation to the next.   I haven’t really seen what you’ve described in my experience. I’ve travelled all over the continental US, including the southern states. I don’t think most people carry their guns around on their person. But this would depend on the person, their job, and their state laws on open carry. Just because you go to a gun show, doesn’t mean you can open carry if your state doesn’t allow it.   I think most of the people who are getting on the news / internet for open carrying guns / rifles in public, are mainly doing it for attention or they thought it would be a good idea at the time. From the instances that I recall, it seemed more like it was a group mentality where one person thought it might be a good idea.   Hope this helps.
No please. We need their shit to fertilize our fields. Without them we would rely on more chemical fertilizers.  If you want fun choose cats, imagine the conspiracy theories that would emerge.
i would say scabies once my cousin came to live with us and he had scabies everyone in the house got scabies. It was hell.
Hey, it's not quite as advanced as what you're describing, but [GE Aviation has tested a very basic version](https://www.zdnet.com/article/why-ges-use-of-google-glass-marks-a-turning-point-for-ar/) of that. Essentially a digitized assembly manual  on a Google Glass HUD, with integration from smart tooling, like wrenches that wouldn't let you move on until you put the right torque on the right bolt.  This sort of thing is coming, but it will take time. I think the biggest issue with this trial was that interfacing with the device was hard, unless the smart tools or external gestures (smart gloves?) worked well. I was working with the man that article is about during some of the testing, but wasn't around to see the result!
Stupid products
I think he might have done a few things wrong
Many years ago my father in law was on the phone with one of his grad students, and quipped that the last 100 years had essentially been a century of blues. You can Google 'essentially a century of blues' and listen to the song he turned that conversation into
Humans
wow you're so edgy
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Can confirm...shave...
Humans
My stupid ex would break his almost every time. We never got past 5 minutes of sex before the blood came pouring. He was a massive cunt though so I don’t feel bad for him
Keeps you from dehydrating. When you are hydrated properly your skin can look better. Also the water in fruits and veggies counts as well. If you are thirsty drink water. There is no need to shove water into your body just to do so. A well-balanced diet and a few glasses a day is normally enough for the average person.
... I appreciate this argument immensely, but honestly I'm stuck on wondering how the fuck we gave koalas Chlamydia, and more importantly, do I want to know.
- Time dilation theory. - Wormhole travel. - Black holes.
Credit card offers before Christmas.
A therapist
Humans
Cockroaches!
what do you mean my that?
Valerian. Because it felt so long. And the actors had 0 chemistry. Also I just couldnt follow along. And why was Rhianna an amorphous blob-stripper?
Not trying to re-post the same idea a million times, but I feel like a "right-handed" guitar *is* the left-handed guitar.  Why would we fret with the weaker hand?  And why do righties fret with their weak hand?
Whenever I'm awake and bored, so 24/7
The protagonist is about to be defeated then something happens to the antagonist allowing the protagonist to flee or defeat them.
Humans
My boyfriend had was taking lyme disease antibiotics when we went on vacation a couple years ago. It did not end up being a fun vacation, the sun was too much for him to handle.
Dominion. It's incredibly eye-opening and a must-watch for everyone.
Torn between Twitter users and redditors
Someone told a joke that stopped an orgy.
Jesus Christ... Deleting post
MLM’s
Cube earth is the only truth
Republicans. :)
Louisiana Purchase or Alaska
Gastly from Gen 1 but its tied with Rotom for overall.
I still haven't watched squid games ( I don't have Netflix)
I thought women were always lactating until I squeezed my first boob in middle school and asked how to make the milk come out.
My mom thought someone was following us home for about 30 minutes. Even when she tried to lose them.
No, I always hide my belongings in someone else's drugs.
Have you shopped for mattresses in the past few years?  $5000 mattresses are not uncommon, and a poor person absolutely does not need to spend that.
My guess would be low skill ceiling, the social aspect, and shorter/more accessible games.
30 Days of Night
i was with my boyfriend at the time and we were in the dark and it was literally a ~wrong hole~ situation. and for reason he couldn’t tell the difference and i was in shock that he wasn’t stopping so i turned to him and whispered “…it’s the wrong hole…” and he stops and goes “…right now?” and i’m like “YES” and he was so confused afterward he didn’t even know and he felt really bad. but we stopped for maybe 60 seconds and then resumed
Salvation in Christ, technically.
I like phones like moto razr...the small feel
American here, curious to see what the world wants to know.
My dog
A complete set of matching dishes and utensils. Also, a complete set of matching cookware. And matching furniture. And matching bedding. Basically shit that matches.
Best answer isn't a movie but a show. Camp Camp!   But if you did want a movie answer, Saw.
a tried and true Florida Man here, we don't sleep.. we down mntdew & redbull by the box loads, then wrestle gators and chunk them into the drive-thru after ordering all the food, and when the cops show up out run them while running into the wind so when they try using  pepper spray on us, it hits them.
&#x200B;  Why is your username like that?
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pandas
Snakes
And just like the crayon box, you need a bit sharpener.
Humans
They won't, but if you have health insurance, they will.  Source: work for an MCO.
Cats or cockroaches.
You will hurt him either way, so being blunt about it is best - just tell him you’re officially friendzoning him.
'EMSuper' has kind of become my online identity now and I just added a number to the end
Willy Nelson's son Lukas Nelson
Oh when you mentioned he 'lost' her I thought that the Sainte died XD and they say if a love interest dies in a romantic story, it becomes a tragedy.
Ah, necrophilia. That's cool.
Yeah, I’m aware. But I don’t believe that the life of a 6 week old ball of cells is more important than the life of its mother, and I don’t believe that the free distribution of assault rifles is really about keeping women safe. *just my opinion yo*
I really feel like you should break that last sentence into two separate sentences.
“Government permissions.”  I get what you’re trying to do here, but it seems like you’re just kind of flailing around because you don’t really understand the basics of our laws and systems.   There are currently *private* rail systems in this country. They are run on *private* rail lines, and the upgrades and trains were financed by a *private* company. That’s why I explicitly said a private rail company. But really, any private transportation company could work for this example.   Surely there will be some regulation of the train line itself, such as safety precautions taken at rail crossings. Those things are done for the public good. *Similarly, any venue that creates and serves food is also going to be regulated for safety.* A bakery will likely have visits by a public health inspector, and are expected to keep their shop and their equipment up to certain safety and hygiene standards. Again, not unlike a private train line.   Just because you think something is not regulated, doesn’t mean that’s the case. And you don’t just get to set some arbitrary standard, as to what is “good enough” regulation for you to think it’s important to require the company to prevent discrimination.
Now
Not neccessarily underrated but def not popular enough imo: r/HaveWeMet. It's a sub where people roleplays everyone is from the same little rural town, and everyone knows each other.
you're such a fucking piece of shit.
Wasps. I have had a vendetta against wasps for years and it's one of the reasons I hate summer. Given the chance to wipe that species from the face of the planet with no repercussions sign me up.  P.S. fuck wasps.
Human
And ever
Dude lots of proper cuisine comes from things which were historically eaten by peasants. For example minestrone, ratatouille, coq au vin, and pot-au-feu just to name a few.
Lot of good games, but the only one I've come back to again and again is Planetside 2. Though all the jank, there just isn't anything else like it
Hans Labyrinth
It's negative money.
Pork the pig and get a long little doggy, get along doggy style.   Yeee hawwww
Wore an in fashion 50s circle skirt without a petticoat underneath. Windy day, leaned into the back of the car to get my bag, beeps and waves from the other motorists. Yup I showed my entire butt to the street
please don't
"why are we going on vacation if there's wi-fi at home?"
Republicans. :)
All art is generally very masturbatory
Hitler did nothing wrong.
Ham and swiss
Took me *way* too long to play Undertale
2 times a day. I'm from Az
Thoughts on overalls?
Lol I just saw your post. Nice work 👍
Politicians
In August someone bought $8k of shib. It's now worth about 5 billion dollars. Prob that
use a fork
Is it weird that I only know that because of a Nancy Drew game?
Thanos.  The worst is he will destroy half of human life and retire.
What’s a bad dragon
They are EVIL. Like you I hadn't encountered them for a good part of my life, but one summer we went to spent a week at my aunt and uncles lakeside cabin. After 9 hours of driving we rock up, unpack a bit, and head to bed.  The next day all hell broke loose. Apparently that was the day all the horseflies hatched, along with all the mosquitoes. We spent as much time as possible submerged in the lake to keep them off of us but same as you, they seemed to know we'd need to breathe and wait for you. My cousin in law had brought out his horses and their necks were dumping blood from all the bites. We tried going down the road to a convenience store and ended up running flat out trying to get away from them. We ducked onto a trail in the woods that was a shortcut, only to be found by the moquitoes.  Hell of a "vacation", but at least it was memorable lol.
West coast American, it's not quite midnight yet so still very much awake
Nobody
>hiv positive  What exactly are you planning to do in the past?
This is more general, but whenever I hear my friends talk badly about their other close friends. It usually proves to me that they definitely do the same thing about me to their friends.
us, remember how many times we genuinely fucked this planet?  it was funny as fuck every time but then we have to  deal with it so :/
Stink bugs
Cows
It started with Super Mario 64.  Video games were real boring until they became 3d and it blew my little kid mind seeing it for the first time.
Yup, this was a thing in South Africa. We played outside, we played with the dogs. Worms were a thing. My parents would deworm us every year. And our neighbors would do the same to Thier kids around the same time.
Did you at least give their dog a treat after?
Diddl, cute stationary, but I still don't get how that took off.
Banana and some type of rice
The plot thickens...
you just ignored my point. typical . I’ve had this conversation a billion times with your type and it always ends in you insulting and not using facts so don’t waste my time .  you act like you know everything in life when you’re probably like 16
I like the theory that the Irish got to america 400 years before colombus did. There is a fair bit of evidence for this but it's hard to prove because as far as we know they only left behind a single runic stone
That's right
Sony lost a fortune putting these into play stations. Microsoft essentially see the future of video and game delivery getting online, so they threw the towel in. I'm so glad they did too, it saved a lot of people investing money into a platform that was doomed.  Interesting I remember porn chose hd dvd as it was simpler with DRM management. Normally porn dictates the winner. This time Microsoft saw the future beyond a disc and went "meh"
Are we talking about Battlefield Earth here?  Or Dog asshole.  &#x200B;  Oh, and to answer your question: Yes.
How do I tell the difference without looking up the director?  Can I just assume ones that are "hardcore" aren't made for women?
Cats
Not to worry. Facebook will start changing in order to appeal to young people, and in doing so they will lose the parents as well.
Cats (2019)  Who the fuck think this garbage is okay to be released to the public to waste people's time?
It’s an oblate ellipsoid.
Ya it's styllus. Also my phone has been laging a bit. Also there's a sale going in my country in which I can buy it almost around $500 hence..
Those are so annoying.. the number of friends ive had trying to get me into it annoys me.
Peas
Yes, 100%.  Twenty years has gone in the blink of an eye.  Take me back twenty years and give me the option....I wouldn't change a thing.
Breaking up with my fiancé because I was scared I wasn’t enough because I can’t have kids (medical reasons). Made it worse by dating someone immediately after just to run away from the grieving. I caused us both a lot of pain, biggest regret of my life. Everything seems now pale without his big goofy laugh.
Supreme.
I had enough tools to open my own Home Depot.  And just like the kid with the 64 crayons, I hated to loan any of them out.
Thank god it’s not just a circlejerk of people saying Humans. Some faith in humanity has been restored
What if that one person was a middle manager at an oil company?
Lmao!
I always wonder..if atoms and universe are same ...what if our our atoms are tiny universe....what if our univers is just a atom of something bigger
Infant son keeps me awake 😭
When people vote or "vote" for Biden.    Yeah, that should piss off people...
Illinois nazis
There is bit of a positive side to this, too. If someone truly loves you, it is something you have earned by being a lovable person.
Spiders could cease to exist and I would just be relieved.
I don't remember what triggered it, but I remember realizing that I was punishing myself pretty harshly for things that weren't my fault. It slowly stopped from there.  Though, there are points where I've come very close to relapsing. I'm there right now, as a matter of fact. I'm kinda just... existing right now, trying to block out those thoughts.
Pit bulls
I see, it is interesting,  Would you say tho, that there are things that a right? And things that are wrong? Like rape or murder is wrong?  Or would you say, do you think, that in reality there is no right or wrong?  (I know it sounds a bit like a gotcha but I am interested in hearing a different perspective to my own)
I just saw a all white hand come out of my wall while thinking of my mom who passed of brain cancer 2 months ago
I'll start with the US buying Alaska
Jews
Coca-Cola and Chicken.
Sam's Cola is better than Coca Cola
Social skills
From /r/shittyaskscience: If light travels faster than the speed of sound, how come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?
Pit Bulls
Corona virus in all it's varients because varients aren't species and even though viruses aren't technically alive they still evolve and still therefore have species.
Haha so true. We got in the car with the baby and started to drive off. I kept waiting for someone to come out of the hospital and tell us, “Silly, we’re not going to actually let you go off with a baby.” It was worse when we got home, when you realize “OMG we have to care for him! Where are the instructions?”
Definitely humans. Why is this such a rare answer here? We've fucked the whole Earth up guys. It's time to go
I didn't even Know bed bugs were real!
If someone offered you say a million dollars, fully paid mansion and retirement right now, to go out and talk to everyone and anyone that crosses your path about absolutely anything and everything would you do it?
Adult
Nice try, wifey. Still nothing to see here.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
THE MOTHS!!!! They all crowd outside the window at night and the window that we just cleaned is all stained .They are so irritating.!!!!!!
[Hydrox](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hydrox)
Squirrels. Those fucking demons have ate wires from every car of every member of my family at least one time, also one time a squirrel fought with my 3 dogs and won two of them had to be sent to the vet.
I'm a healthcare worker, so it's a hilarious version of nastiness I've personally seen.
Like the urine of a man living in chernobyl subsisting on a diet of lemons as it flows over a battery
Drug addicts.   Also gotta be doing something to get their next fill
I like vore, furries, fat people, cross dressing men, etc. the list goes on and I don't feel like adding anymore
Serious question: are they an American thing? I’ve traveled all over the world and stayed in the most crappy hotels you can imagine. But the only time I ever got bed bugs was in the United States.
Kibble and bits, kibble and bits....
What's that
Are there any possible mitigations for this which might potentially be applied one day down the line?
Fuck a man
yeah, but it was at 347 as well and i believe they were aiming for 1000. it’s not a fail but i would say it’s a flop
I would imagine if there's concerns by law enforcement/government over what you report, then a visit could be in order.  You should be able to report it "anonymously" via tip lines or something.  Most local/state/federal law enforcement agencies have anonymous tip lines that are 1-800 numbers.
I just want to know, because I've never done it 🤧 *cry in loneliness*
I've had good luck with some non unionized chemical plants in regards to things like worker safety.  I also live in Canada so maybe that has also helped.    I guess you are in Wisconsin USA?
I'd think it'd taste fruity 😋
Many mobile apps, either that or they're for kids that steal moms credit card.
Listen!!! You’re not on an interview (well maybe..but more importantly you’re doing the interviewing!) gather as much information as you can to see if you want a second date. This especially applies to women. Who just (some not all) are okay enough with being accepted rather than finding out if this person is good for you
My grandparents took me to the theater to see Bridge To Terbathia and when the girl died my grandpa became so flabbergasted with anger and disbelief he had to leave the theater and go wait in the car. The whole way home he was muttering about how fucking dumb it was that she died and they didn’t need to put that part in.
You don’t, you just pursue that until you die.
Alkaline water and it’s supposed benefits, once it touches your stomach it is neutralised.
no, Denmark the biggest right wing party are economical and social liberals
I put on some kinda stand up comedy on my phone and play it so it’s juuuuuust loud enough to barely hear it.   Then I half listen and doze off
Fr, I’d like to understand too
The Ring.
Yup, convinced myself I was just seeing things only for his step dad to bring it up at dinner the next day.. Most wtf I've ever been in my life. For context we were 19 at the time (was together 4 years at this point) and it was 3am.
Captain orgasmo
When I got out of the bathtub today there was a stink bug in the water. I felt like my pretty bath-bombed water was tainted + had words with the intruder.
Super curious why there was no outrage over that as well.
Ham, pepperoni and cheese between two slices of slightly toasted bread
You Suffer by Napalm Death  World record for shortest song ever made  1 second
Ppp
The Percy Jackson series! I haven’t read a whole series like that in a long time, and I mean all 15 main series books. It’s so much fun!
For me is   wicked game cover by Max oazo, The original is Chris Isaak from 1989
Excel. Know the basics and you can do everything from home budgeting to half of all data jobs
humans
Thoughts on the new Galaxy Z Flip? Just doesn’t have same clunky feeling as the 90s did.
Cry Freedom
Thnx for that. My horror went from 0 to 100 at "it's me"
I dont know about the manga but Greek mythology would made a great doujinshi series
Humans
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
mosquitos
“And then somebody somewhere find  The warmth of summer in the songs you write  Maybe it’s a gift that I couldn’t recognize  Trying to feel alive”  I’ve been struggling to find a purpose after Covid really did a number on my life plans. This song was a gentle reminder that sometimes we have a bigger impact on those around us than we think we do and that the struggles can be a blessing.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My erection got too big for its britches and my foreskin split just below the tip. Plenty of blood. Had to get circumcised in my mid 20s including stitches.   Healing was NOT fun - woke up early each morning with the pain of stretching stitches because of the usual morning stiffness. Took me a day or two to work out that, when it woke me up, I had to read a really boring book - in my case a text book on constitutional law - which would alleviate the pressure and I could go back to sleep. A week or so later I worked out if you sleep with knees to chest you can’t get a proper boner, made things okay.   Definitely I got the op. Never had a problem since. Lady friend had the unique experience of the same boner with and without foreskin. Preferred without.
Toyota tacoma runs on kerosene
Removing all viruses would probably destabilize the ecosystem
LoveConfusion by Karnaval Blues
then don't comment asshole
They're much better cooked in stews like gumbo, or just deep fried.
She was on top riding me and accidentally shit during her orgasm. At first she was like ohhh man one of the cats must have just dropped one in the litter box. Once she got up we realized it was clearly not the cat. Puddy play doh like shit all over my dick and intertwined in my pubic hair. The smell was violent. Anytime we tried to have sex again I always smelled poo. This ended our relationship.
It.....the older version
dude i have ocd and now i'm starting to get paranoid about bed bugs even though i've never seen them in my life!
I know, right!?  Thank god I purchased a ring a while back that turns green whenever someone is trying to scam me.
Keanu Reeves is a good guy.
Scat fetishism.  On some of the more peculiar nsfw sites I browse I'll find some art that first seems to jive with my tastes, but then things will take a turn as the animation, sequence, or comic, evolves into something scatologic and it quickly kills my mood. I have an odd mental aversion to filtering, so this just keeps happening every few weeks or months  Scat fetishism is certainty not extraordinary common, but it's far less niche than I expected.
i like the meta-story of the snyder cut as much as the actual movie.   dude has a well-earned reputation as a self-indulgent meathead, and then, due to historical circumstances which will never exist again, he makes the most self-indulgent, meatheaded thing he possibly can and it fucking rocks. total redemption arc.
they are back already
Did I say children? I said teens. Pubescent / post pubescent teens.
Thought crime
OG Charizard, fuck Ash. And Mewtwo.
Similar but more lucky. Went into a ditch in the country road near my house. Just left it till the next day when I sobered up and denied everything that was so obvious. The cops fully knew but couldn't test me or anything.
Blue In the dark by bearings, your wild years by the menzingers, outbound by transit
I've been in that situation 8 months ago and I wish you all the best in this difficult time. Take care of yourself, and make sure you have a good support system. Suffering in pain alone for an extended period of time is miserable.
OHHHH THERE'S A PLACE I KNOW THAT'S TUCKED AWAY  A PLACE WHERE YOU AND I CAN STAY  WHERE WE CAN GO TO LAUGH AND PLAY  AND HAVE ADVENTURES EVERYDAY
Wasp
Personally I'd burn that whole bed, even if I couldn't afford a new one
My grandma died on my 11th birthday, which is also Valentine's Day
Gene is so quotable.
My 21st birthday I lived at home for school full time and worked two part time jobs. My parents left to go out of state for my brother in law and nephews birthday party (which are a few days ahead of mine). I couldn’t go because I had to work so all of my family was together.   The day of my birthday I got nothing. I went to class and to both jobs and took myself out to eat after. About 1145p I got a bunch of happy birthday texts from all my family, making it clear that while they were all hanging out, someone finally realized and in their guilt all texted me at the same time.   Next time let’s just hold each other instead.
Dolls.  Clowns.  Green jello.
Pit bulls
Audiobooks and podcasts. I find the sound of quiet talking really soothing.
Akira Toriyama
I don’t even know what to say, I wish I could tell your parents what a bunch of fuck nuts they sound like.   I know it’s hard because if I didn’t have the support of my mom I would not have made it this far. But at some point your motivation etc. comes from within. I’m not a big fan of telling people to go no contact or anything but I myself have written people off for less. I think it’s time you cut them out. If they text and complain and tell you, you’re the problem and it’s your fault, smile and wave boys smile and wave.   Also you got into your 2nd choice school? How is that any worse? 2nd choice doesn’t mean worse or negative, it’s the ALTERNATIVE. I also got into my 2nd choice university and I was happier there than I would’ve been at my first choice.   Tl;dr fuck em mate! You keep doing you.
[Black X White](https://youtu.be/bikBBtpbegs), by Arrested Youth
Viruses.
Hippos
What a life. Please, sell your rights to Pixar, I wanna watch this.
Mosquitoes
I don’t think he wants to anymore tbh. He really should’ve just stuck to five books. Removing the 5-year gap was a big mistake.
I had to scroll so far down to see this.
Yes they are. Nearly every hero’s journey is influenced by the epic of Gilgamesh.
Trapt
Pay it Forward. Saw it in high school and I don’t know just thought it was the dumbest movie I’ve ever seen
ummm idk honestly i can't find any emoji that is confused sad, disgusted and furious all at the same time  so idk    maybe theese ones ? 🧐+😤
Nails
I PAID 700 DOLLARS FOR THE CRABS!!
I don't really like my parents that much (my mom is always so annoying and after I told her one of my secrets she started treating me really badly and never missed an opportunity to have a go at me or scold me) but if you really ask my relationship with my mom is infinitely better than that with my father. My father is a raving, mad, idiotic, angry, grumpy, freaking uncivilized animal that can walk on two legs and talk like a human. He thinks he's always right,  that he's always best and that no one should contradict him because they will be wrong.
Yeah, but when Dave Chappelle tells some "transphopic" jokes it's all "We want ...!" I haven't seen the whole special, but enough to know he wasn't trying to be transphobic, and I agree with him that his transperson friend would have laughed at those jokes, because she was a comedian too.
I don’t know about that. I’d say the only two things that keep pedophiles from acting are the legal and social ramifications of those actions. Less intolerance towards it would only ease the pressure to keep someone’s impulses to themselves.
The unbelievable size and the fact that people can be so sure we are alone.
Liverwurst and raw onions
Bedbugs
I will scream and cry. I cannot. Not even a picture, just like you! I'm the same with worms.
You ask God to show you the way. ❤️
Oh shit I just assumed the show died after season one.
You wanted pussy, I'll give you pussy! MEEEOOWRRRR
Same...I think idolized pest control for a bit after that one lol. The real super heroes.
The fact that it's a total mind fuck and I can't understand it
or mouth...ok I'll see myself out. 👋
Son of a bitch 🏅 take it, it’s all I’ve got
Cuz the app is ALWAYS fucked up!!!
Not worth killing them. I think an EMP wouldn’t hurt.
The Gambler by fun.
Jojo rabbit the movie was good but makes me want to massacre neo nazis and other anti semitist cnunts
Being sad is sad
NTSF::SD:SUV. Jk that show is goated.
Ring 2
I'm shocked this is so far down.
Here I go: Strictly enforce a system that combats being overly unique. It would do wonders to the stability of our society.
MLM products
Humans
Try to study on a 30 minute timer. Then taking a break for 15 minutes. Then go do another 30 minutes. Idk that’s what I do.
Story 2 - clipping
I don’t think I did!  Maybe I should. I think given enough time I could name them but yeah the middle ones are tough to get right on a map.
Life of Pi. It was overrated nonsense
Politicians, especially charismatic ones.  "Socialism good" they say, next day they're exterminating 70% of the population.
This artist [downupright](https://youtu.be/rvrwY0oF-ZU) is very close to me and passionate about music.  He has been producing music for ~20 years and struggles to get more than 100 views on his videos.   He would be very happy if you’d give him a view or spread the word. 😁
Appropriate respose, you give me lime desease I eradicate your specicies.
Basically all of them
"hey I'm gonna break up with you in 3 weeks"   "Thanks for the heads up"
uh... germany?
Never had a headache.
Humans.  Let the world go back to the way it was.  'Life After People' is an interesting series...
Hold up. That's not normal? (:
obligatory 42 answer
I just hope you are all healthy and happy.
>wonder why they cut shittily  *Nice*
I think it’s from reasoning. Compare yourself now to before you were born. You couldn’t. So how can you still imagine what’s after death?  I don’t say this with a negative tone, just curious. I’ve had my dark moments with this many times & it is scary
staying hydrated, but b ecareful, too much water will kill you, and don't bye in the myth of drinking 8 cups of water or what ever it is a day that's dangerous.
Oni ps2, mgs, castlevania, silent hill, syphon filter, shell-shock nam 67.
Huh?
Cheaters
Girl, are you a shower?  Because I wanna cry inside you.
the spanish VHS intro to classic disney films
Normal soap no, because it can be bad for it. There's special soap for that area.
Life is too short. Just laugh it off.  Comedians helped me find the comedy in an otherwise dark world.
Glad you cleared this up. I thought you were talking about humans on this thread about a bug!
Sure "aliens" abducted them.      Release them before I come down to your basement.
I had a crush Regina from kindergarten  I gave her my yellow ranger card  She took it.  And she did nothing for me.  Bitch, I still want my card back.
Happened to me twice now. To preface she was late for a class where she had to make a presentation and I got nervous, so I scrolled through her tumblr to see if she was sick or something but turns out she talked about how she didn't like how I was leading the group project. No one took up the mantle so I did, and really enjoyed it! Legit just asked if I could talk to her outside of class and said if she had any issues she can talk to me directly bc im more than happy to figure things out. I've ended up have to do this twice for different group projects........don't do group projects with friends I suppose lmao. People mix up not liking them vs not liking their work ethic as the same thing
Oh man, finally someone put it into words so I don't have to an expose myse-  I mean... uhh...  wait, why do you know all of this?
We all gonna die eventually.
I was very nervous and could not relax. She came but even after a while I could not cum. It was awkward and we eventually just gave up.
Mistborn by Brandon Sanderson
Wasps. Even though I know they're useful in terms of pollination and thats really important but I just hate them. They ruin so many out door meals for me by flying near my face 🤣
Not a product but scam callers
Why do you assume OP was talking about the US and not the continent of America?
Omanyte
immigrants, including illegal immigrants commit crimes at a lower rate than US citizens.  Also designating groups of people, "illegal" makes those people far less likely to talk to investigators, making homicides in that community much more difficult if not impossible to solve.  &#x200B;  TLDR: Your ideology makes solving actual crimes harder.
religion
Nothing.
There’s a book called “What Do Eat Wasps?” and yes, they are part of the food chain.
Homo Sapiens💯
OP
Fleas
Humans
If they ask me than I would prefer for them to at least be honest about it.
Snyder Cut
I’m Mr. Heatmiser.
Pyramid schemes
Fucking wasps
Yo the idea that almost no one is in to man feet has been on my mind for days.. thanks for proving me wrong
How and why we find things funny
Ah, a fellow “quarantined” Pennsylvanian? Unfortunately the quarantine hasn’t worked too well. Those POS’s spread fast
Eat the cheapest food in the world, you may as well buy the cheap stuff if it all tastes the same.
LOL wow this is a great answer
The 100. The first season had some growing pains, but then next few I really enjoyed. But once they left earth, the show just turned to garbage. The last two seasons were sooooo off from the post apocalyptic thing they were originally going for, absolutely ruined an otherwise interesting show.
Kinks shouldn't involve people who don't want to be involved
My life, is full of jokes
Be safe; Be healthy, avoid disaster!  Change A/C filters at least every 6 months. If you rent, ask your landlord about it. You'll lower your elec bill and have cleaner air.  Know where the breaker box /electrical panel is and make sure the circuits are clearly marked.   Install smoke/co2 detectors - set an appointment in your phone to check batteries every 3 months.   Have a plan to get out of the building in a fire or other emergency. Practice it. How are you getting out of the building? Where will you go? Have a "bug-out bag" near the exit. Think about what goes in the bag: spare clothes, toiletries, cash, first aid, important phone numbers, back-up ID? Multi-tool? Burner phone?(Everyone's situation is different, figure out what YOU need to get to safety so you can figure out your next move)  Make sure door and window locks are good and strong and you know who has the keys. Give a spare key to a trusted friend or neighbor put it in a clearly marked envelope with your name, phone number, emergency contacts, any special instructions and a password if you need to send someone to get the key or let into your place. Set a calendar event to ask your spare key person if they still have the envelope key and instructions. Update info as necessary.  Consider having a weapon for self-defense and learn to use it effectively. Baseball bat, hammer, knife, gun. If someone wants to break in and harm you, how are you going to stop them/stay alive long enough to call 911? Someone you know is a "gun person," find out who and have a private conversation they will be more than happy to help, I promise. This goes double for females.   Covid taught us "prepping" is not crazy, it's wise. Try to set yourself up to be comfortable (not just survive) if you had to lock the door and stay inside for 2 weeks, a month? Longer?   What if the power goes out?  Candles, power bank, spare batteries solar charger    some of this stuff can get expensive. Christmas is coming. 😉  You're on your own now think about your personal safety and that of room-mates, pets, etc. Plan ahead to handle life surprises and you'll find that being prepared can keep emergencies from turning into crises.   A little planning can make a world of difference so be smart and be safe.
I remember I had a CD burner that had this software where if you use a cd-rw you could write on it like a disk, delete and add files, everything. You just queued up what you wanted to do then ran it.
I did end up getting them years later because my ex thought it was a good idea to sleep over when he was infested with some.
never seen a bed bug before, have had earwigs and spiders in my bed though. How common are they? i'm in australia
Brand name drugs, generics are the exact same thing.
Reddit socialists
You become healthier and hydrated
Hopeless
She said i don't wanna get pregnant
Hindi zahra, strawberry lace, animal sun. Omoinotake, and rafferty are absolute gems.
2:46 am here on east coast, about to make some coffee, infant son doesn't let me sleep, wish me luck
The old Pearl and Dean theme
The Sting or The Adventures of Buckaroo Bonzai Across the 8th Dimension. It's basically a tie
2D: each eye sees the same 1920×1080 pixels  3D: each eye sees a slightly different set of 1920×540 pixels. Brain combines this into a single image with effective resolution 1920×1080  Here's an article if you still don't believe me.  https://stijndewitt.com/2012/03/03/active-vs-passive-3d-myth-revisited/  > small text (6 to 10 pixels in height) was readable on the FPR Passive Glasses, which definitively establishes that there is excellent 3D Image Fusion and the Passive Glasses deliver full 1080p resolution in 3D. Again, if the Passive Glasses only delivered half the resolution, as some claim, then it would have been impossible to read the small text on the FPR TVs. So those half resolution claims are manifestly wrong – no, ands ifs or buts!
Australia, I assume?  In that context, "liberalism" is usually used to refer to classical/economic liberalism, which is usually associated in the US with libertarianism. The US connotation of "liberalism" refers to social liberalism, which emphasizes bolstering personal freedoms through economic regulation and strong legal safeguards.
Do.......Do-Hash......Do Hash-Ness
Betting/trading I would never need to work again.  Wouldn't want to change anything in the past as that's what's made me who I am.
fuck you, this is a serious issue for me
2 girls 1 cup
Denny’s: “Come at 2am to be grand slammed”
[it's just so bad I love it](https://youtu.be/BXfEAflhSqk)
Jak and Daxter: Precursor Legacy i poved that game so much. Too bad Naughty Dog doesn't make Jak and Daxter games anymore
Living
Good for you! Sounds like you’re really aware of your body image and are putting in the work to improve your relationship with your appearance over time.  I’m 32M and have also made a ton of progress when it comes to appreciating my own appearance (and finally mastering my curly hair after literally decades of being neurotic about it really helped!)  Now about that pandemic belly I’ve been carrying around……
They say humor is the best medicine.
The bed broke.  We powered through on the floor.  I fixed it the next day.
Monkey Dust. Some of it is available, but not enough.
Happy anniversary!
If homo sapiens sapiens would be extinct, mother nature will prosper.
Humans
The Boy with the Striped Pajamas
Ya this, you seriously have to remove every article of cloth and material that may be affected for 30+ days. Toss em into a bag and into storage, buy brand new everything after bombing. I’ve always used tea tree soaps which may help. Biggest thing is dumpster most stuff temporarily or forever. I went with forever lol so no problems here after that. The mighty Zerg will getchu
I've had some nice wins but have def lost more than won
right at 6 weeks post partum when they say you can have sex again, we did. suddenly everything got VERY wet and we looked and everything was soaked in blood. him, me, a giant part of our bed… just threw down a towel, finished, showered, and found out both sides of my vag ripped open ):
Has always been in the interest of most, I'd say. But then I've always used the damn FB lists.
Yes!
Oh for fuck sakes, I'm not giving you money, and if you're mentally unstable and wanna fight I seriosly don't want my fists to even touch you, who knows where you've been or what you're diseased with?   Fuck you, you know it's what you think lol
For instance?
Pouchy
Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats
Humans…..
i dont
Lol what's a union? No I have not. I have only worked for large corporations that would fire you for trying to start a union, or small businesses that don't have the manpower to unionize.
Good answer
The old PS1 Sony-Logo + the satisfying Playstation Logo when your disc worked:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAhvQoLpvsM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAhvQoLpvsM)
Fired me on my last day, when I would not work the following day. I laughed my ass off the entire way home.
True
So I get the love of my life and the sexiest alien? Where do I sign up?
The SCSI ones were definitely faster, but they also had a parallel port version with printer pass through. It was apparently just a SCSI drive with a built in parallel to SCSI adapter.
Hard work
Agreed! Mine were lost in a heavily crowded area for about 5 minutes. And I swear, it was the longest and scariest 5 minutes of my life. Found them and they were chill af, meanwhile I’ve raced through every freaking scenario. Heart rate skyrocketed, proper flight or fight mode was initiated. Haven’t felt anything like that before or since and I hope never to again! Can only imagine how folks feel who legit have their kids go missing. Breaks your heart even thinking about it.
Ex bro in law did same with leather cat o' 9 tails. He loved telling how painful that was.
Ouch, i felt that
I have deliberately avoided it. How is it different from Youtube?
Seeing the amount of awards everywhere, i could literally comment this and still get an award. Btw what sleep?
Cockroaches
Thank you :) if you ever need someone to talk my dms are open!
Which is why we need a 2 state solution
Also electroswing is getting popular too
I'd seek medical  and a psychological help because hearing voices can't possibly be a good thing!
Watched someone I like hit on someone else right in front of me.
All species of spiders must be annihilated
Pretty much any fact concerning immigration and immigrants, who are somehow in the country in order to take free money and not work while at the same time they are all here to steal our jobs.
Apple phones
I just started cutting other people’s skin, problem solved.
Bed bugs
Absolutely 100% agree!!
TRUE
textbooks
whales easily. theyve had it too good for too long.
If the species is worthy enough for the Universe it self and everything beyond it
Maga hats
Do you mean you peed and blamed the dog, the dog peed and you got blamed, or that you said you ruined the sound system but actually you peed on the dog?
Pee’s stored in the balls
Alien
My childhood friend who died when I was in high school. We had drifted apart after a falling out a couple years before and were just starting to reconnect and be friends again when it happened. I wish that I'd had the chance to really get to know her again. And I wish she could've graduated. I wish her parents had more time with her.
Galaxy Quest
Futurama shows up everywhere
Dude, you posted this at 9pm Pacific time. They're not sleeping yet, and neither are the insomniac Easterners (hi!).   You need to post closer to 10/11 am GMT.
Mosquitos
Crocodiles, annoying bastards gotta go!
I make sure all of my deliveries are are contactless and wait at the window so that I can see when they leave to get my food.
Just do it
Stakataka. Such a strange concept for a Pokemon.
Cracker Barrel (or any other "home-cooking" type place): "We only use the best ingredients for our food, like monosodium glutamate and sorbitol."
Maybe
Ask your mom
Sexted a woman whilst married to me, and we enjoyed a healthy sex life? Odd
That's really good to know. Which of their products do you recommend the most? What's the pigment like on the eyeshadow?
Eggplant has a really off-putting texture to it.
They all do, but I would say definitely alternative medicine, particularly nonsense like immune boosters.
Wasps.
Billionaires
Mosquito for sure.   Followed by hornets.
Pet rock
Apple or Amazon. It's a close call.
When I had this realization while puking my guts up that if my wife were pregnant (we were trying to conceive around that time period) I would be in no shape to help or drive when she went into labor if I continued being such a lush.  I quit drinking that night. We only have a mixed drink at dinners on special occasions now.
My most uncomfortable thing that happened during sex was when I was with my first girlfriend and sexual partner ever. We had sex one day, of course I was raw dogging it since she was on the pill, and when I pulled out my dick was covered in blood and I freaked the fuck out. I seriously thought my dick got cut off or something - so much blood. Welp, good news it was just heavy menstrual bleeding and my dick is fine, bad news is I can't really ever have sex during a woman's period 😕
Weird how there was never any Netflix walkouts because of that film... curious
Either ticks or mosquitoes or fleas. One of those little buggers. At least mosquitoes and fleas leave once they've had their fill. So ticks it is!
Humans
Lol im sure many do
Cockroaches
it's a shame it came out the same year as Return of the King
Fucking fleas. And ticks and mosquitos and bed bugs. All of the ones that bite and are attracted to humans and leave itchy ass red bumps on us.
First real video game I ever played was this spaceship combat flight game I've long forgotten the name of, it was on Windows 95 and I was like 7-9 years old, and I had this ancient joystick I used with it, really wish I could remember, maybe I'll visit r/TipofMyJoystick about it sometime. But that was my first real delve into video games, then Sega Genesis came afterward and I've been obsessed with games since, like 20 years later so far
Mosquitos are generally hated and they are the highest human killers apparently, if not that then cockroaches, i have my own personal trauma with these fuckers, wake up to one one my face as a child and i still need therapy.
Humanity  **Proceeds to Thanos snap**
"it's ok I'll go with you to the ATM"
They are always nice to kids ....mut you have to understand , Karen's are increasing
Dexters laboratory was my shitttt
Essential oils, healing crystals, those phiton bracelet things
Nice argument, unfortunately Biden is even worse, since he clearly is suffering of dementia while also lacking the ability to make correct decisions.  Also, I have engaged in sexual relations with your mother last night, making this my win.
“What I want is for the humans and the forest to live in peace”
Yes, plenty of extinction events have happened due to living organisms, humans are far from the first, or even the worst.
Twice in my life has lice been an issue.  Once at 14 i got it from some girl at camp. 3 treatments of torture preparing to cut off all of my hair.   The second time, my 2 yo got it from the babysitter's grandkids. I bathe my child every night and scrub her hair.  One day i noticed she had an adult louse in her hair and freaked out.  I got all the treatments, particularly  lice repelling hair spray, and prevention shampoo on top of all the killing stuff for hair and furniture.    Immediately texted the babysitter's daughter and told her to check her children for lice, since they got watched at their grandma's house with my 2yo occasionally. Her 3 kids had gotten it once already months before (yay school) and she now had a special needs baby in the home.    She knew already.  She had found the lice days before and admitted via text that she didn't think to text me when she found her toddler's hair crawling with dozens of lice( DOZENS! ). Why?  " my kids are rarely at their grandma's anymore."  GIRL!  LICE IS NOT LIKE A COLD.  BEING IN CONTACT WITH 1 PERSON WITH LICE CAN CAUSE IT TO SPREAD.  after treating my daughter's head,  mine,  and my husband's we found:  1 adult lice.  Over 30 eggs. On only the kid.  He and i didn't get it.   We sprayed the whole house. And i made damn sure i killed and removed all of those eggs.  I nit combed that poor baby multiple times a day for a week straight,  making sure i got them all. The following day after treatments i went to the babysitter's and saw her youngest grandchild in the livingroom.     I said, "oh!  Your daughter must've told you about the lice!.  Did you get treated too?"  "... WHAT LICE?! Do you mean from months ago? "  "Uh.  No.  I mean from over the weekend.  Your daughter found lice last week in the girls' hair and i found it Saturday in 2yo... she didn't tell you? "  "NO! What do i do?  no one in my house has ever had lice before?!"  My kid did not end up staying that day.   So.... yea.  Needless to say she pissed off not only me,  But her own mother by not telling anyone about the lice.  (I gave the babysitter advice on treatments and repellents. She got lucky no one in her home had any) We got rid of the lice 100% within that first treatment ( though we treated our hair religiously for a good few months with lice repelling detangling spray after that until lockdown because we stopped going to the babysitter who's immuno compromised).    The daughter on the other hand.... aparrently never figured out how to treat  correctly and didn't kill them all that time either. Middle of summer during lockdown all 3 girls had it again. So badly that the daughter gave all 3 buzz cuts.
Paradise Lost
The cringe embedded in my DNA I will never get rid off.
Okra. Slimy and bitter. Dunno why anyone would eat it.
But you did sought out the topic... you saw my mundane comment on pissing tips and you thought to stalk me out for reasons unknown, also don't forget the fact that your started this whole argument, I don't care if I laugh at someone's fat story, I too was a chubby kid and tell jokes about shit people used to say to me about being fat and it doesn't affect me, and i bet it doesn't affect the guy who told the story, it only affects people like you emwho probably sit on reddit and Twitter all day trying to defend people who weren't offended to begin with, also whrn I say something rude to someone I don't start apologizing cuz I tend to have alot of patience with people.
Open water.
Could they be visited for questioning? I don’t want there to be any thoughts of coincidence on timing that leads them back to me, if that makes sense.
No issue with that either. Whichever door it is knocking at I will open.
Perhaps not favorite, but definitely most memorable!
Let me get back to you on that.
I just had a mustard sandwich. Still do sometimes.
Cowboy Bebop
Marie, I said Cheetos, not Fritos.
Looks like you lose.
Approach her… haha… funny.,
You can integrate some of your values without forcing your religion on others
 I'm still bitter. Adobe sucks.
Lady here. I couldn't agree more. I'll watch sports casually and I enjoy attending games but I've never been a diehard fan of any sport or team. I'll also never understand why sports are so heavily prioritized in school and why they drive the budget.
I’m still me I guess
Daddy long legs.. like wdf is that?
Concealed for now...open when necessary...impress her by the size of your gun and how thicc the barrel is...fire your load
I fully expected the top answer to be humans, so good on you today Reddit.
I just spent an hour going through this. Holy shit. Absolutely incredible.
Lottery tickets.
This is excellent especially the free/cheap furniture being bug free.  Edit: spend well but shop well on mattresses.   You spend 25% of your life on it and it truely affects you positively if you sleep well.  Don't need a $3000 mattress but get a firm comfortable mattress that holds support a long time
Oh no they are in my opinion also I was born and raised in a red state surrounded by these idiots and they drive me up a damn wall ! I just want them to be gone I can accept the fact that they are stupid but it's the fa t they are stupid and breeding more stupidity and spreading it that pisses me off.
I like the way the toad does it
Reese's, Mounds, laffy taffy
I wonder if his action days are behind him. I heard quite a few times that he has some pretty chronic pain from some of his old stunts. Also he would have to get way more in shape to be believable to do all the action stuff.  He is an amazing actor and I love to see him in stuff but I’m not seeing a return to the mummy. It was a shame the third one was what he went out on.
Closing in on 20 years in the military.  Staring civilian life square in the face and I'm scared to death because I have no idea what to do.
Thank the western fence lizard for low rates of lyme in the west.  https://www.nsf.gov/news/news_summ.jsp?cntn_id=118655
a coatrack. all you need are the lights off and you are practically shitting yourself
You win!
Humans
You too! I think you'll be ok, you seem wise beyond your years already. Stay alert and watch out for sketchy media 🧐
Is Human the wrong answer?
It’s Kirby
Game of thrones. Season 8
Her 6 year old sister walked in and turned on the simpsons (we were under covers, so she didnt realise).  And regrettably no, we did not stop.
Dude I can remember the exact words I said when someone asked me how Blair witch was after I walked out of the theater 20 years ago. " The best part was the ending, cause then it was over."  That movie was SO BORING
Have you ever worked in a unionized workplace?
Im bi (F), I find lesbian porn really hot. I dont think gay porn is disgusting but it really doesnt turn me on no matter what. I know a lot of straight girls find gay porn hot but I really dont see why :/
I should lose ability to read
Humans. I'm surprised I haven't seen this answer already, but we're a little toxic for the planet don't you think?
But that would be nice to get rid of the bite too. I'm guessing the bacteria would go extinct pretty quickly once it can no longer be transmitted.
Wherever you want to put it. Like every art form it's very subjective. The way you appreciate music is something very personal and unique.   People obsessing too much over what's deep and meaningful aren't looking for a better understanding in music. They are just looking a excuse to say my taste is better than everyone else's look how special and unique I am.   Music can be just fun, catchy and enjoyable. The preaching and the philosophical views are an extra.
Did a 12 year old type this?
I'm not sure how to feel
Like A Virgin
I was in the dark and all alone.
Asymmetrical boobies. At least I’m very embarrassed by it.
Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself
Crib death
Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Orange Juice In The Hood
Humans are the source of the normative standards. Without us nature just exists, but there's nothing "good" about it.  And we're the only species capable of deflecting an asteroid. It's a real concern.  Another point, when we go, at some point another intelligence will inevitably emerge, destined to repeat all of our mistakes.
Tobacco.   Sorry Tobacco farmers, plant something else
Women
Crystal caves. Winners don't use drugs.
From what I understand, not subsidizing many of these crops would result in either the cost of food causing significant economic hardship on almost everyone or would make the income from farming so low that nobody could afford to do it. Again, an imperfect system but many countries do the same as it's a hard problem to avoid. This is strictly speaking from my experience but having grown up in and worked in farming communities, these subsidies are used by individual farmers who couldn't afford to farm otherwise.
Homo Sapiens
Yeah, I try to remember to move it back afterwards.
we all gonna die
Inertia is a property of matter
Ticks or tapeworm
Half Sister by blood or marriage?
White republicans
Being abusive for no reason, way you sort it out is tell them to fuck off.  I was friends with a guy who doesn't speak to me anymore who was with this girl who treated him like trash, an example is that he told her about a guy who bullied him really bad so in response she tracked that guy down and tried to make them friends despite the fact he didn't want that and he actually tried to end the relationship then and there (she had done things like this before she would even try it to me).  After she began forcing him into sex and then faking a pregnancy every time to try and force him to stay.  All he had to do to stop this was just not be around her aswell so yea if she keeps going against what you want then it's bad
yeah.. lots  it was whatever, it didn't really affect me  i grew up in the hood in NY, i saw a lot of dead junkys/OD.  i think the first time i saw a body was on my way home from school in 4th grade.  a guy got stabbed outside a bodega and i watched him crumple to the floor and bleed out.  i dunno, it didn't really do anything to me.  i honestly don't think it affected me at all.  shit happens, people die.
Guessing u realized I was talking abt the U.S and not the whole world lol and realized u were wrong. Idk tho either way I'm barely on reddit so if u reply to anything head up it will be a few days or so before I reply or tmrw if I remember
Signed up when I was 14 Still get spam emails from a multitude of services that I have no need for. Mostly cuz they are U.S based, And I'm not I.e home, car and life insurance Banking loans. Cleaning up js a mess So I just abandoned that email
He said *hot* MILFs
You really think people would just lie on the internet?
Who is "we"?
just force it out the other end
I cannot control my son
I wrote a 21 page paper about the depiction of suicide in Shakespeare’s Hamlet in different cultural adaptions. I got an A on it and while my teacher was quite happy that I was so interested in Hamlet, she was quite peeved that I had blasted the minimum word count out of the water.
We had one. You had to watch out though, the magnet was really strong so the opener could easily open the can all on its own but there was about an inch below the can. If you just let it go the can would drop and make a mess.
texas republicans
Surprised none of the top comments says wasps
and Disney's Hercules for multiple reasons (it's VERY inacurate to actual greek mithology)
Nah.. I always sit when I’m too tired. Its comfortable and I always feel like one of those martial arts thingies with the waterfall against my back~  Also pretty convenient for shaving my legs.
Barry
U2.
nice try FBI, nice try
The Earth is either flat or round
Not to give a fuck about what ppl think or say about you.
No it helps keep people in line. It holds values and traditions that people build with each other. It’s part of human civilization we do better in groups. They don’t have to be religious. Eventually all groups create their own values and we like to keep them going within our families. Which ends up in tension with other groups but that’s how life has always been and will be.
Yeah, your mum showed up at my door
wonder how many people are going to say humans
Cuties... Could not watch it to the end. Made me cancel my Netflix account.
Nah, mother nature made them fuckin freaks on purpose - to instill fear upon us all.  That's their true reason for existence.  Fuck those things.
red mite or humans
Dr who
Little secret: when watching straight porn, we aren’t watching the man   No but seriously, why would we? And you just said women. There are lesbian and bi women.  They wouldn’t see anything wrong with it. I can’t speak for straight women cause idk how they feel.
Akisora
I just do it for fun, it can be quite boring just standing still waiting for the figure to turn green.
You on Alaska time too buddy?
If it’s made by lesbians for women to watch, yeah I like it. If it’s high production “lesbian” porn, I can’t stand it.
Beauty and the Beast. Gaston deserves his hero moment
I worked at frys electronics and one of the sales people says to a customer "so you like getting pregnant?"
Pretty awkward, as you'd expect.
I made sure to be very careful and basically warm up all my clothes in the dryer to kill possible bedbugs then remove my clothes before getting in the other bed. But I do agree. I don't sleep during these sort of things so at the time I thought I needed sleep, but would be going days without it if I stayed in my room. Still a bad idea though.
Wrapped my truck around a telephone pole.  The cops arrived within a minute and I blew a .24  Won’t ever be making that mistake again, I tell you
racists
I learned discipline from my martial arts masters, they showed me how immature and unruly I was.
May you never have fruit flies, my friend.
Ballsy
Bully’s
Variations on this story have been online since 2009 or earlier. Just admit you stuck your cannoli in a habanero.
I'm with you. He has such a punchable face that it's hard not to wanna slap the shit outta him.
In all honesty the noise doesn't bother me, I can't hear them over the dam flies.
Stingrays. I miss Steve Irwin dog…
Thx
Drunk people are pretty annoying to work with even if they are your friends at parties .
Shit musicians offing themselves.
Been scrolling to see if anyone would actually say this unironically. WHAT THE FUDGE MAN  HONEYBEES POLLINATE LIKE THREE QUARTERS OF OUR FOOD DO YOU WANNA EAT RICE AND BREAD FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE TIRIUKEKEIEHEHPELDBFHYPPYJRFVSSLOFHECDEKFL
Goddamn algebra flashback!  Thanks!
They’re cute little waddlers + I prefer to refer to them as groundHUGS because that’s what I wanna give to them, hugs.
Mosquitos
It’s a diet you can’t cheat on
Homo Sapiens
Soo... No one in the comments is gonna say the obvious. Humans are the most destructive species on earth.
I would likely force some US Supreme Court justices into retirement, retirement either from the bench or from this world.   If there was extra time for personal projects, I'd get some money from a branch of the federal reserve, like $10M. Then I would charter a plane and join the mile high club.
move to alaska, no ticks
Bane and his horrendous voice is what got me to time out
Can it be a *type* of a certain species instead of the whole species?
Fucking THANK YOU, These bastards have over the course of history have killed and spread so fucking much
Iron fist, watched this as thought it would help understand more of the story of that shared universe with luke cage, daredevil etc.....so fucking boring, stopped 3 episodes in
Lol who else thought of humans for a sec hah😂   just me?  ….ok
I really surprised the top comment wasn't humans.
OI PAL DON'T SAY IT HERE, LOLI HENTAI ARTIST ARE GETTING EXCITED
Mirrors can be scary in the right mindset.
To be fair I’d already asked her to lay in a tub of ice a while beforehand so it didn’t seem out of the ordinary at the time.
Cryptocurrency. I just don't get it.
I love it, actually prefer it over hetero porn. But I’m bi so that might be why. Girls just look hotter than guys
64 types of tea
I dont know if I should be shocked that wallyworld sells this.
I will make a jail guard my bitch , then I will give him
Republicans
💀😂
I’m a bit of a Tyrion Lannister in the height department. But, as with him, the women who decide to go for it end up real fuckin happy in the sheets
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You better be a salmon hahahaha
Guilty pleasure?
Nope. Some of it is really hot. It’s interesting I’ve watched a good amount of lesbian porn but I never felt the need to be with another girl.. I mean I watch pretty much anything so idk lol
“Are we the bad guys?”
Dear Sister.  A classic.
I disagree.
Pretty cool we watched a movie then had sex and next morning I packed my things and went home.
I think Mr Night was fucked over by suits for this one. I don't believe he's fully to blame.
Wholesome. If I have the wholesome award, I'd give it.
Wicker Man (the Nic Cage version)
Sharks
I started going to parties a month ago and I regret not having done it sooner. I'm very well
Any non-Americans here?
Unless the dad and uncle are both registered on whichever website, there shouldn't be an issue with accidentally revealing a family secret. Since the buddy is related to both uncle and dad, then all their relatives would show up anyway.
Winamp? 🙄
Yea of course!! And female, mid 20s, def had my ups and downs of nose confidence/body confidence in general. It sounds weird and I don't like the associating of changing a physical part of yourself to like a feature but I really started liking my nose when I got a pixie cut. Made me feel like it stood out less bc seeing the back of the neck gave it more space and felt a lil even? Im growing my hair out now for the first time in years so its been a bit weird but im making do
Man Big time I really was sick of the NFL Last year because of the Raiders moving to Vegas So I Became a local niner fan just because I felt jipped and they made it to the super bowl which was nice and lost and man I felt dumb The xfl came and I said alright this could be my shit I No questions about it became a die hard NY Guardians Fan…then covid hit man it was rough 🤣 Needless to say I’m back where I started once a raider always a raider And Vegas Doesnt Look too bad on em
Humans.
Maybe they had 3 seashells..?
And similarly, I appreciate how liberals don't hesitate to speak out suggest alternatives to the status quo when they feel it's not working well enough.
r/ihavesex
Humans
the emoji movie
What part of the post said that this person was past the barricades?  Edit: You also can’t go after people on what they potentially could have done. There are cameras everywhere, if they committed crimes they will be brought to justice. Its just not right to go after people unless you have proof of wrongdoing no matter how wrong or stupid you think they are.
Don’t consider myself a musician but one time I was messing around with my keyboard and I thought I created the next masterpiece. It sounded familiar to me. Turns out it was the intro to Jurassic Park.
Daisy , she had green eyes, 4 grade
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Call them out immediately when they are being creepy.
I would go with Bees. Let's just end this planet quick and easy
There was a period where I was shoplifting, I got caught, once when i was 35, (Police involved) and second time 38, when i was home for the holidays. It was in my local shop, i tried to run but was stopped. About 10 employees surrounded me nd put me in a room, but they let me go, thank fuck, it would have  ruined the family holiday, and my family would never look at me the same again. I still wake up thinking about it at 3 in the morning, almost getting a panic attack. Havent taken a thing since then.  When ever something bd happens now, i just think, "well thats karma, you deserved it"
As a woman, I think I’d rather watch lesbian porn than gay porn in my opinion. I don’t know about others though.
The first two episodes of the first season of *Star Trek: Discovery*. I went in really looking forward to seeing what the hype was about and came out feeling utterly duped. The second episode in particular made me give up on the series altogether.
The simpsons.
Do I have any loose dollars and change and what will they say that they need money for 🤔 (Look I don't mind giving a homeless person a few bucks and I would rather them tell me what it's for. If they tell me that they want to go buy alcohol that's fine and I respect that they're honest instead of coming up with a bunch of bullshit).
A fully stocked liquor cabinet.
humans tbh the planet would thrive without us and yeah yeah i get it "give it a few millenia and new dominant species" fuck you i just want to die
Humans
Taste the SUNNNN~
Travis, hit me baby one more time. A slowed down, mournful beauty and one of my all time favourites
This.
The Elephant's Foot
Think I was editing my comment when you wrote this. Initially had typed $10k for wedding and yes that was. School was too as it got me into a high paying career.
Shame.   I could have shown you a better time.
We have a set of rules if this happens...we will send in language experts to do this
Chuck Norris' tears are the cure to covid, aids, cancer and diabetes!
I remember seeing jknews make a video on that. Kinda sad tho when u realize If they would of trusting their gut in a way or just ultimately not walked in hopes the guy would of left them alone that they might of survived
Humans with mental illness or drug issues
Like David Berkowitz?
I will never hold in a burp while in public. I let them rip at full blast. My wife is very embarrassed by it, but I get stomach problems if I don't release the gas.
Yiiiikes. Didn’t think that shit was still around. Never underestimate racists I guess.
Probably 25%
Awkward as hell, probably less than 20 seconds, pretty shameful.   And fucking incredible.  I felt like a king, and after pulling my swim trunks back on I went out to the pool and did a big cannonball.  Floated around a lil bit and then left the party.  Lol
r/GentleFemdom
Nah we totally can.
Humans. Everything else seems to get along much better without us.
$200 for a blowjob!?
Me too, it's so underrated!
I still catch myself going WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE at inopportune times.  And I still ain't got drugs yet.
I make up special songs to sing to each of my pets.
Hopefully they’ll figure it out before they get physically close to her
Spiders?
Mine isn't nearly as good as any of these but I was hooking up with my ex in his car and this red neck in a truck called the police on us because apparently the spot we parked in was a place people did drugs. We had to awkwardly talk to this guy until the sheriff came and he was like "Were you making up or breaking up?" 😬
I wouldn't take it to the grave if I told it now, would I?
Interacting with other humans. Like bruh, come on, what the fuck, we are the same species
Beat me to it
Smash Mouth
Clowns I guess. At least I assume it wasn't meant to be scary at its origin.
Lice. Fucking lice.
Vanilla Sky. Sorry, A. Amenábar, you have good movies tho.
Trained in animal care. Now training in pyschotherapy.
Chris Brown!!!
Mosquitos
humans l m a o
Nonsense! Tomfoolery! And dare I declare, shenanigans even!  Lord Browning is de best, hands down.
Definitely rain, thunder storm specifically. Something about it is so soothing. That, or I have my fan on lol
Thank you. I had to scroll way too long to see this answer. We're the absolute worst.
What color is your butthole
No, you’re considered American. It’s a British term.
I prefer the Dirty Heads cover myself, but Weezer's is solid too!
Everytime someone mentioned this "fact" i always bring up traffic lights. Traffic lights only use 33% of their potential. Imagine what would happen if we used a 100%!  Utter chaos, that's what would happen
Normal looking girl who won't ghost you here. I've got nothing but time. Ready for a spendy friendship!
Frickin Awesome film. One of the best sounding films out there too
I say get all up in it!
Feminists.
Not a species. Try again.  (Although anyone who still wholly supports Trump post-Jan6 is absolutely sucked into at least one far-right conspiracy theory, there are some otherwise very good people. Not all of them think vaccines have tracking devices. Don’t believe the ever-aggravating totem of exaggeration the internet pushes of any group.)
I've made friends on reddit.
Were you really tired?
Manifest
Fart porn. I thought it was fake…. It’s not
Well im a bisexual woman so my opinion is moot.    Should be more specific about what straight women think.
Humans need to go.
https://www.walmart.com/ip/1898-Lose-Weight-with-Sanitized-Tapeworms-Metal-Sign-9x12-inch-Vintage-Look/713127669
Exactly NO REASON
Choking
Thanks!!
Anyone said humans yet?
The chinese
Considering they're as intelligent as us.... Wars would be pretty understandable since it's about exerting specific ideas and power over the mass and causing a opposing conflict
Humans cause fuck them
Spider-Man N64   Shit was revolutionary to me as the only other thing I ever played was Sonic on the Sega
No , not at all , it is hot
i actually rewatched this last month because i found it on an old hard drive. it's a solid dumb action movie which never pretends to be anything else. not really a great tentpole summer blockbuster, but it's an honest attempt at a throwaway action movie.   it takes itself the exact right amount of serious. it's not constantly winking at the audience and going "look how STUPID this premise is haha", but it also doesn't try to be "a bold statement" or "the voice of a generation". you get some spectacle for a couple hours and then it doesn't ask you to ever think about it again. i kinda respect it for that
unpopular opinion:  I liked Alien Force more than the original.
>This is slightly petty  *Why Reddit was invented?*
I have this, but with nail polish. I have 60 something colours and I also add designs with acrylic paint on top. Some with a glitter finish, others with a rainbow finish. I paint little faces on them and it’s a lovely way to sneakily spend time with my middle teenager. It takes ages for coats to dry properly and we get to plan the designs together and then chatter while I paint them on. It’s always fun and silly and gentle.  That sounds really goofy when I type it out now.
But gained a tub full of ice.
Now that’s gonna have some psychological effects down the line….
That’s the thing I don’t think she did get attacked she was just incredibly drunk. The police questioned everyone there and everyone said nobody touched her. It never happened to me but I’m sure that it’s a common thing for people to want to get away
*Raising Arizona*  #Comedy. Gold.
My family was in the process of moving out of our home. My room was the first to get packed so I was sleeping on the floor in a sleeping bag. My little brother came in my room and saw me and asked if I wanted to trade beds so that I could sleep on his bed instead of the floor. I dont know, I almost cried. It just showed unconditional love.
I can’t say anything about it
Avatar the last airbender. It’s still my favorite tv show.
That's how you know you've slipped into an alternate reality
If you are sexually attracted to children then you have a mental health disorder and should seek therapy - doesn’t matter whether you’ve acted upon it yet or not. Not even comparable to wanting to hit someone.
I wish I got an Xbox one Kinect when they were coming with everyone’s console and they didn’t want them. I heard the API was pretty powerful.
This is not an unpopular opinion at all   TWD started losing a bunch of viewers after season 5 and has consistently dropped each season after, it used to average 14-15 million viewers from s4-s6 then dropped to 5 million after Andrew Lincoln left, it dropped to 2 million last season, sinking shop has been sinking for a long time
Just hit the federal reserve in SF.
eh i've never been to new york so idk
My eyes
Humanity. I strongly suspect we do not deserve the world we have.
That link is staying blue
Cats. In multiple attempts over the course of a week. Couldn’t make it to the the end.  Also Justice League (Whedon version)
he's not blaming her for it, i don't like the malice is warranted. obviously if she sounded upset when she said it the OP wouldn't be confused. it's more likely that the 'ugh' was to indicate that she moaned and then said it nonchalantly.  which is still a trauma response that happens sometimes, but if the OP isn't up to speed on that, obviously they would be confused thinking she was turned on by her trauma.
Had a bloody nose in the middle of me giving her oral. Stopped when I tasted blood, and she turned the lights on. Blood everyone and I assumed it was period blood. Then it kept coming out of my nose and I released what was going on.   We get married in January.
Having a lens collection that covers all focal lengths from 14-600mm and then never using the middle focal lengths.
Wasps
Whores wear rouge.. Ladies use tapeworms, those cheekbones girls..
IF it is to maximize content engagement, which is not necessarily the object of the user. There had been platforms using it to advantage before, just FB refusing to implement it well for its own purposes.   It was the biggest plus to Google plus, but FB was already too extensive when Plus launched.
When they all run across the road I lose it every time
I assume she got put on a psych hold? I hope
I think my Dad committed suicide. It was the day after I turned 20 I got a call on my way to a baseball game that my dad died. How he died is where the confusion if it's an accident or a suicide. In 2016 he was in for a simple surgery he flat lined after that he was in a coma for 2 weeks I wanna say. The doctor said he has a 25% chance if living and if he did he's just me a vegetable. So when he did survive and was walking it was a miracle all the doctors and experts we talked to said there's very very little hope and there he is. 1 thing was different. (This plays a huge role in this stick with me here!) The first change was he had something called and LVAD you're welcome to do your own research on it but what I was say is it's a motorized heart that's gave his a constant flow of blood he had no heart rate it was pretty cool! And he had to keep him self charged and made sure he had plenty of battery's to change out during the day. Needless to say he couldn't work and he was a very successful business man high up at Subway. He lost all that and had nothing he was living off his wife who only married him for his money and status. When he passed we went through his phone they were not together he was living back at his mom's who had sever dementia and was forgetting who he was. That night on my birthday he went out drinking and I got calls from friends who said they were out with him and he was just acting different maxing out all his cards buying everyone drinks. I wanna remind you my dad was broke. He left us nothing in his will and I don't care at all but I just wanna remind you his situation. So that night he got home and passed out in his car and didn't charge his LVAD which is his heart. I think my dad was so depressed he wanted to see me his youngest from his first wife grow to be 20, live it up like he used to for one last night and call it there. My dad was 53 when he passed away. I can't say anything about it because I just can't bring me self to speak out
The movie literally opens with 20mins of monkeys hitting sticks together, every shot is dragged out way longer than it needs to be, the film is poorly paced. People have made fan edits of the film that are 30minutes because it’s so slow
I thought that was a good excuse in court
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I have magical feet now
You end up with a Gmail impossible to clean from spam. That's it. Those websites all link together and it's a different type that you enter your credit card information in and they give you fake nudges to make you think something is happening as you lose money.
I have to many favorites to name.
All of our languages combined
>Still, we gotta make reveal a weak spot somehow...  You having glaring holes in your arguments doesn't seem to have stopped you.  >That profession alone practically requires dignity  How would you know?  >One can only imagine what would be the reaction of his students if they KNEW what their trusted teacher does online...  Why would they care? Most of them would think you're crazy, several of them are gun owners too. Fun fact: Almost all of my students signed the petition against the EU gun ban.
iF i ReCalL CorRectLy!
"telling people to kill themselves is messed up"  YOU'RE DISGUSTING! HOW DARE YOU SAY TELLING A STRANGER TO COMMIT SUICIDE US MESSED UP!  -You, for some weird fucking reason.
was it a good investment?
Ahhhh, huge no no in this house… so rude
Right now I am thinking about whether I should report him to the Ärztekammer or not
probably pedos
This doesn't surprise me, especially for a bigger company. Used to work at Best Buy, in our warehouse we would throw pallets of crap from shipments in front of our emergency exit in the back room and when they would come to take safety pictures we would just move them out of the way temporarily.
“Does he/she do contactless?”
Takashi fuking 69.i hate that guy like literally... I am not a agressive person , but I will totally bitch slap him/it Fuking looser
Masturbation
Look up electro-swing it's actually pretty popular right now, just hasn't got a mainstream audience yet  Check out Caravan Palace, Parov Stelar,and Tape Five. Those are a few of my favorite bands
Regular show doubtlessly   I really miss when I spent hours watching CN as a kid):
I’d give myself a verbal shit sandwich: compliments, the breakup, compliments
Professors, they have virtually no accountability and often they are people who have never held any type of job outside of academia, yet they have so much power over your future by giving you a grade that will follow you for the rest of your life. When I was in undergrad there was this one Biology professor at my school who was a miserable human being; mood swings, extremely political, insecure, coke head, and not very knowledgeable about Biology tbh. She failed 70% of a cell biology section (as in F), literally failed students even if they were putting the correct answers down on tests just because she was insecure. The Science department didn’t bat an eye or care until some of the students threatened to sue. She ended up getting fired mid semester a year later for pissing off the people that were covering for her in the first place.
That is exactly why history shouldn't be rewritten. We have to own our mistakes and learn from that. It's the same way a child grows up to adulthood, by doing mistakes and learning from them, because no one is perfect.
Similar to https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qbr182/what_is_the_most_fucked_up_thing_you_have_seen/hhblxz8/
Master and Commander: Far Side of the World
Yeah the documentary was right, there is a town or city where they had a pilot program where people were encouraged to write down things about their neighbors.  But it was just a local pilot program, not a nation wide social credit system.  China is a very big country and local governments have a lot freedom to experiment with all kinds of systems and policies. Almost any thing you can think of happens somewhere in China. But at the same time, for 99.9% of the population there is no such an invasive neighbor snitching system in place.  And there are camera's equipped with facial recognition and even cameras that can identify someone by the way they walk.  In fact many of the new camera's installed by governments all over the world, come equipped with facial recognition. In all countries not just in China.   That is a worrying development and it is invasive but not just a Chinese thing.
Instagram
1. Wake up 2. Go for a walk 3. Watch youtube and browse reddit for an hour 4. Work, work, work for around 10 hours 5. Watch youtube and browse reddit  6. Eat my first meal of the day 7. Call/visit friends & family 8. Sleep
I live in a hot zone, so yes.
My dad died a few weeks ago and my husband has struggled greatly. Sometimes inlaws become the parents you never had and are glad that you inherited. I wouldn't know about that. Mine are fckn crazy.
I'm tired of living🙃
The job itself isn’t so bad I just hate that it takes up most of my time but still doesn’t provide me enough money to do the things I want
you have the same route every time?
That the USSR wanted me dead because of my freedom.
The death of Night-eyes in Fools Errand (book by Robin Hobb) I made the mistake of reading those books again not long after my dog died and I'm still not over it. In fact, that death makes me hesitant to read them ever again :')
The first time I really remember crying at a character death was Cedric Diggory. Always loved him and Hufflepuff, but it wasn’t really his death. It was seeing his father’s reaction in the movie. That tore me up as a kid.
Jack O'Neil. If you know, you know.
Exactly, motivation is bullshit. You get better at something by adopting a discipline. Small, consistant efforts can take you to heights you can't imagine yourself being at.
Did anyone mention Noctis (and Ardyn) from FFXV yet?  And also manga Haru wo Daiteita’s sudden death of Katou, both left me feeling empty for days
Same. The whole final chapter was so bleak. My Arthur was a guy trying to make amends. His last talk with the nun was fucking hard.
I am the very model of a scientist Salarian I've studies species turian, asari, and batarian I'm quite good at genetics as a subset of biology Because I am an expert which I know is a tautology.
op record this rap bro
Nothing
No, just special houses, which is part of what made me skeptical about the whole thing. Why weren’t they all over the place, like at the mall or grocery stores?
All of us
“Because you simply make me question my life decisions and I couldn’t be bothered to. Anything else?”
Eddie, The Dark Tower Series - Stephen King
With salt?
A house or an apartment.They represent home.
i take it you haven't seen the news recently?
honestly a 100$ to invest into stocks, I want to try to enter this trading world but unfortunately I dont have the "capital" for it.  I just feel if I told my parents then I would be wasting their money and I fantasize most of the days about getting that money that will give me the headstart for trading.
Goods: You may look "cool" at the moment.  Bads: Lung cancer, throat cancer, esophageal cancer, COPD, coronary heart disease, pregnancy complications, an early grave.
“Respect your elders”.  How about they respect me?
35 is a great age. You're old enough to talk annoyingly about the good old days, but young enough to still get laid on the regular.
As a brown person I know cardamom adds flavor, but damn, when you bit into one of those suckers your whole meal is ruined. Same goes with whole black pepper and cloves. I just want to enjoy my biryani without any unpleasant surprises
Well he did think about it „for days“ within the 2 hours it took him to answer
I wouldn’t word my thoughts as you did, but Japan is my ideal society honestly and it boggles my mind westerners go over there trying to make it something it’s not or influence it’s culture/media.  Like earlier this year I saw a content creator post that they’re moving to Japan because they hate conservative politics...yet they move to a very traditional country, YIKES.  I’m a California native currently living in Texas, so I can somewhat relate to what you describe.
This decade is trying to kill us. It's only started and I already hate the 2020s.
This can be taken in lots of different ways, all of them sad.
The answer has actually changed a few times since I got vaccinated.  When it first happened, it was more about respect, easing others' concerns, and not looking like some jackass who wasn't taking the pandemic seriously, on top of the fact that it had become a habit, and the pandemic was still on, so why change now?  Like, I walk into a restaurant for lunch and the staff are all wearing masks, it feels disrespectful to not be doing them the same reasonable courtesy, you know? If I have to explain that I'm vaccinated to not be disrespectful, that says that I've already made them uncomfortable, and I would like to avoid that.  Then, as time went on, the delta variant started rising, and we started getting breakthrough cases, at which point it became pragmatic: The Vaccine improves your odds, and so does social distancing, and so does wearing a mask. All 3 together give you some really slim odds of getting a serious infection of covid.  Over the summer, my job at the time lifted our mask mandate in the office for people who are vaccinated, but I still wore mine walking to and from my car, and when I went to get lunch, just to be safe and not worry anyone else that I was gonna be an irresponsible jackoff. Near the end of the summer, my whole family got a group text from my sister (a doctor) that she was treating a breakthrough case in a vaccinated patient, and encouraging us all to go back to wearing masks more strictly, so I started wearing my mask in the office again, and when my manager politely asked (we were talking 1-on-1 about something else at the time), I mentioned why, and said I wasn't going to be hounding anybody else about it or making a big fuss, but that I personally was going to go back to wearing a mask just to be safe. Like the next *day*, company policy changed back to masks for everyone. Someone mentioned that the CDC had changed the guidelines, but I'm not convinced that I didn't very politely get the mask mandate reinstated in that office by accident.
The Champions from BOTW
I watched that movie the night my sister died like 25 years ago. I was staying with my grandparents whilst my parents were at the hospital.  They had no idea what the movie was about, so we watched it trying to take our minds off thing. I can never watch that movie again.
Still funny to me that John still can't swim.
The Little Prince.
Man.... and party me is FUNNY too???  Holy hell have I gotten the short end of this stick.  I suppose my manager is also there just laughing along, too.
“Ahh, your friend looks better. ”
Larry Crawford!
Meta
Omg I love that movie
Same here.
Depends if your in the east or the west, I guess.
Looking at Poland and Hungary... We have some issues in Europe...
Bigotry
How about, “oi, you offensive fuck - say summit cross wif me and I’ll slap ya one!”
Chivalry (unles/s...)
The soundtrack to go along with it just breaks your heart.  Diana Ross does an amazing job singing it.
Megan Griffin  MEEEEGGGGG
Studying abroad
It's carloooossssss
A soft drink. I don’t drink alcohol.
Hodor Game of thrones. My man died saving that piece of shit ungrateful jerk Bran.
im the guy who would eat a corn dog while some people in my family are argueing
My rabbit trying to get behind the fireplace.
If corporate culture hasn't beat the crap out of you, then it's normal
Snape
I had to scroll way too damn far for this one. She had no reason to be where she was.
Yep. Every shift. Student in clinicals at a hospital, work p/t in a restaurant. I actually like not shaving and have custom made linen masks for the restaurant job that I get compliments on. Vaxed since January, getting booster next week.
Is the half perpendicular fully insured?
Egwene al’Vere. Or Birgitte Silverbow.
Isn't there a new passport for people where it shows an x or something?
Unless your religion is winning! /s
The only good thing is if you work, you get to be in an exclusive smoking group. Everything else is bad bad bad.
Cheaper, I think they might be better for ya. And you don't smell like a ashtray. They tast great
Naah they are just needy greedy bastards
People who lack perspective. Ffs some people don’t have clean water to drink stop talking about how some politician/fad/market trend is the end of life as we know it
Seen an article that said cigarette sales went up for the first time in 20 years in 2020. Was yours an old habit or a new one?
You can feel that way, not going to try to convince you otherwise. In general sometimes I tend to think if an individual is guilty of something especially heinous they don’t deserve to go on.   But are you okay with the fact it would cost more?  And what about the people who don’t steal an entire life, but employ slaves? That are judges and send children to punishment because they get kickbacks from the establishment using them for labor?  What about executives, who arbitrarily raise the price of medication people need to survive each day just for profit, or those that work to keep low level employees from prospering?  Where is the line? Just direct physical violence? And when does it become justifiable considering the huge costs; of extra trials, and years of special imprisonment?
The death of Ali from Squid Game, my dude got betrayed by his  "friend"
I can’t believe how far I had to scroll for this!  _You have to try. You have to care. For me. You’re my friend. I love you_  I’m not crying, you are.
shrek
Something very Seussical about this one. Fantastic work, Sproggo.
Well I guess the goods are that you'll probbaly die earlier, thereby saving the planet from a few years of your carbon footprint. Of course, this has to be offset agianst the CF of the whole tobacco industry, so all in all we're probbaly all better off just not doing it.
My credit rating is really high but i also have a pretty serious criminal record so who knows lol
You get 72 virgins in heaven
Ruben from Minecraft Story Mode.
Aunt cass
Atreyus horse from never ending story.
Damn bro. I forgot my high school experience was 10 years ago lmao
My feet being sore but i work a desk job
I was just saying sleep is awesome, bruh.     How you got me wanting to fuck you from that is an issue you must need to work on
Keeyop, the zany spindly weirdy with the strange high voice from "Battle of the Planets". No idea why.
Just live life
Bird Person! No!!!!!!
That’s what diplomacy is
Snape, hated him for so long, yet when he died it was painful
Rita in the bath. Dexter. Heartbreaking
Halloween
r/tentacleporn
This took me back to the Reddit post discussing who was more attractive, Caillou mom's or Arthur's mom (an aardvark)
No job is worth sacrificing your mental health. Don’t stay because something is comfortable or seemingly stable or you’re afraid it’s worse elsewhere if you aren’t happy. Any job can drop you at any time for any reason outside your control anyways so if you aren’t sure if it’s 100% what you want to do, try something else. you’re young and it’s way more important you have good work experiences and mentors helping you grow than staying somewhere from guilt or comfort or loyalty. You’re building the foundation of your whole career so what you accept from employers now will influence how wherever you work feels like they can treat you in the future.    Focus on companies who have a good work culture, advancement opportunities, and/or skill development (like paying for you to take courses).      Never feel guilty for needing time off or asking for it, especially for taking vacation days. Use them all even for a random long weekends if you don’t have a big trip you wanna do to give yourself a break.    Be nice to everyone at work because you never know who you’ll end up working with in the future. Networking is key to make connections in your industry and can open so many opportunities to you especially in competitive environments.     If you have benefits, USE THEM to their fullest capacity. Get your eyes checked, go to the dentist, get massages, whatever you can because you never know when you might be without them again so leverage them while you have them.
We had issues with one of our neighbors over our "wild" garden islands in our yard. We plant native flowers and grasses and let them grow and bloom in those areas. We don't use "weed" killers on our dandelions or clover either. We have birds, snakes, skunks, foxes, rabbits, etc. We love the fact our yard is an animal habitat.       The neighbor claimed the native plant islands, which have their own decorative borders, were "neglected" areas and were a code violation.       The code enforcement officer came out, took a look, and said they were considered legal landscaping.       Then he investigated the property lines and fined the neighbor who called in the complaint for building his privacy fence directly on the property line. Code says you have to leave a few feet offset. Which we did when we installed our picket fence.       Our neighbor had to tear down the fence, have it resurveyed, and reinstalled. He also had to remove his shed and relocate it.       Karma's a bitch.
But this is my home country...
Tony Stark
"New from KKK games, RACEST!  The new driving sim featuring real world roads! Destroy the black tops!!!  Dynamic topography and elevation change! Kill the Slopes!!!  Drive good old fashioned vintage cars with working headlights and horns! Packed with gaslit honkies!!!  Why live in the real world, when you can become the World's Greatest RACEST!!!"  *Find out more on Facebook.
"Respect your elders! They're old and wise and know more than you!" - Elders
I'm not racist but...  Yeah, I get it. You're a racist. Fuck off.
Honestly anything
My kids not listening to me. Just started a camping trip, literally the first night, ready to go home.  Use. Your. Fucking. Listening. Ears.
I'm not gonna cry during lunch at work! I'm not gonna cry during lunch at work! I don't wanna cry during lunch at work... I'm probably gonna cry during lunch at work!
Carlos in Saints Row 2. I literally cried.
LIFE just this LIFE, everything else is secondary!
Oh, that’s a shame. I liked him in A Streetcar Named Desire.
Han fucking Solo.
I'm french. It's a English/American thing that was imported a about 20 years ago. But it just feels fake.
Did you shit yourself from laughter
Really? Wow, guess ill have to teach mine myself
In a recent post that made it to the front of reddit from r/Superstonk they talked about how everyone sees what is happening but people don't see to join and jump on board with them.   I wanted to ask a few questions but didn't have the karma to post anything so ill ask here.   If I want to learn more about stocks and apps/applications for buying and trading then where should I start?  If I want to learn more about it all then want are some good resources a simpleton with a small brain like my self can go to learn?  Are their any apps or information sites I should avoid while learning or trading/buying?  Thanks from a colleague kid who wants to do better.
Man, its bad lol. I actually cant say it because Im paranoid the wrong people will see the post in my phone or or online by searching my username. I spent A LOT of money on something pretty bad. Like $1600 I think. Nothing illegal, just in very very poor taste.
Bend the knee
“And so it happened, as my saga will tell…”
Butterfly by Crazy Town.
Won't lie, I've been tempted to roll her right out the bed
"The homies don't approve."
Hahahahahah true story, feel your pain. Mine will work, promise!
Im a mechanic somewhere in eastern Europe
A lyric from Harry Styles' song called Two Ghosts, and 73 is my birthday :)
69
It's not funny at all
It’s people tied up with bags on their faces, suffocating for sexual satisfaction
humans
Tony Stark in Avengers, End Game.  "You can rest now, Tony".
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
1v1 Jesus in the Gulag
Going on a roadtrip with my mates this summer
Yeah, last thing i saw was Jormungandr
Alcoholics. Everybodys using drugs (and alcohol).
Basically anything from Led Zeppelin.
“Sarah Lynn?”
FARM TOWN!  and its great just to catch up, maintain links letting people know you are thinking of them, regardless of how quiet you've been.
let my homeboy hit coz he down bad rn
>Don't mess around with that shit kids.  Exactly. Fuck. That. Shit.
JIRAIYA ERO-SAMA
“No, Patricia, the Brotherhood AREN’T GODDAMN RAIDERS!!!”
Lately it's been introducing my daughter to the classics. Tonight it's Hook! (Last week was the Goonies)
Mariko in "Shogun" by James Clavell
I was a little kid when I saw it, I forgot. Buuut, I spent the last 3 days watching The Hobbit and now I will continue with LOTR.  This should freshen up my memory :)
Politicians ignoring the climate crisis
Planned obsolescence
I'm done hearing people at my workplace saying "we are family".
i'm not sure, that's the thing about denial ain't it
Jiraiya man. He never got to see his student grow up and achieve everything he did.
There’s no talks. Hulu said it’s not happening. Rob made a bet and he lost.
Elhokar in the stormlight archive third book "Oathbringer". So close to the first ideal...
Weekend mornings sitting on the couch curled up with my husband and cat, both of us reading a book. It feels like quality time even though we aren’t talking. Just a lot of peace
In all of my life, I have never had a poem make me cry before. Until those last 3 lines.  Bravo.
KURAMA. I cried like a lil bitch when Naruto shouted his name in desperation
Portgas D. Ace - One Piece
I’m going to admit something. This is going to sound like humble bragging, but that’s not how I intend it. I’m just saying it to prove a point.  I recently had my 40th birthday. The original plan was to send the kids to my in-law’s house for a few days, and do a little stay-cation with my wife… explore the touristy parts of our own city that we never actually go to. But the quarantine cancelled all of those plans. We’d budgeted about $500 for that (mostly for restaurants and admission to places), so I decided to go on Amazon and treat myself to something from there instead.  After a combined three hours of online shopping over two days, I was only able to find a single thing I kind of wanted that was under $500: a new hoodie. It was about $40. There was literally nothing else I wanted at that price level. Well, I should say instead that everything else I wanted at that price level was closed due to the quarantine.  I briefly considered purchasing about 100 comic books from the early 1990s, to complete a few series that I began collecting back then, when I was in middle school. I had the comics in my cart and everything… total price around $450. But then I thought about it some more, realized it would just end up as more crap in the basement, and thought my way out of buying them.  I’m at the point in my life now where I have pretty much everything I need, except time and experiences.  When it comes to tangible things, I’d have to have a budget of several thousand dollars before I started to find things I really wanted and didn’t already have, like a motorcycle or new MacBook Pro. Even then, though, at this point, I’d likely talk myself out of them… opting instead to put that money towards something more sensible, like my IRA or paying down my mortgage.  Being mature and responsible with money kind of sucks the fun out of things sometimes.
I have lipoedema. Yes, I know my legs are fat. No, I can't diet and do sports. I need a surgery and until I get it sports can actually make me fatter.
Because I'm a long term single and last time I went to clubbing area of my town, I was accused of curb clawing by some random woman. I didn't even go out for drink, I went to the gym after finishing a 9 hour shift.
This.
I have plenty of stories for this  -One night my alarm went off at 5:00 AM, i wanted to sleep for like 30 minutes more so i set up an alarm for 5:30 AM. Mind you, i was awake, i grabbed my phone from the nightstand, put it on my belly so i would quickly wake up from my alarm. The alarm went off and the clock showed 4:00 AM. I was so confused that the confusion woke me up.  -This happened when i was in school, i was sitting at the back of the class and i could see the clock from my seat. I was writing something and i got bored so i looked at the clock to see if it was almost the end of our period. As i was trying to read the clock, the minute hand moved counter clockwise, it moved back 6 minutes. I was extremely weirded out and to this day i’m trying to convince myself that i was just probably tired.  -I have a habit of checking the time but i don’t know why, i just do. I was on my phone and i was watching random shit i could find on youtube. Out of habit i looked at the time and it read ‘11:34 PM’. I took a mental note since i was supposed to do my homework at like 12:00 (my brain works better at night. don’t judge me). Halfway through the video i was watching, i checked the clock again but this time it read ‘9:34 PM’. I sat there for a minute trying to process what just happened.   To this day i still don’t have an explanation. (sorry if there are a few incorrect grammars, english is only my second language)
BLUE MOON!!!
The a i r
Probably some caveman that we'll never know about. Could have been a cheiftan, or a priest, or maybe just someone who had a certain gene that didn't get passed on.
I voted for Trump and I'm perma-banned on Twitter for being anti-woke so I'm definitely firmly in the red.
SPOILERS: The very end of "The Art of Racing in the Rain" when Enzo finally dies of old age. I read that one over a long plane ride and was bawling my fucking eyes out.
The future of technology. And current technology.   Just technology.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Understand women
Educative system.
Its terrible day for rain…
Was that the kid who was allergic to bees? I vaguely remember watching that on a road trip when I was little.
Dunno, they've never told me.
My best friend passed away recently too. The last few months has been so strange. Stay up! Be well!
I love seeing people defending so many of these activities as not being rich people shit, lol. But then they mention some very specific reason why they were able to do the activity for a decent price
A gynecologist, alot of incels and wee boys think it would be a great job but for me to go to work everyday looking at the thing I love most with gunk and creatures running about and God knows what else would turn me quicker than a right hook from Chuck Liddell
Belive it or not but its real so some people and I like to talk to crazy people.
I’m in the middle of a complete rewatch and I have to agree. I’ve watched 1-10 many times and it’s so good but each season after slowly gets harder to watch. Currently in the middle of s16 and trying my damndest to finish so I can catch up on last season and the current season.
Huh? What did you say?  Sorry party you just told a hilarious joke.  You’re telling another one g2g  Don’t forget to clock out!  Managers hate doing their job and manually inputting hours fyi
Yuugo's sacrifice in The Promised Neverland manga.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
All cars or they have specific days for certain ones?
Ignis fatuus maybe? is a relatively common phenomenon in cemeteries.
Nehemia in The Throne of Glass book series. That shit hurt
Duuuuude, for real tho. Especially cardio.
Sport shooting is a lot of fun, I like it.
The good dinosaur when. The dad died
Yes. My job requires it, breakthrough infection is still possible, and my young, unvaccinated child has to mask up, so I mask up with him.
I see where you are coming from but I also see real danger in this. We are quite good already at repressing negative memories, which usually has a bad effect on our mental well being. You would be tempted a lot to never face the problems you need to face to improve your live and take responsibility for yourself, your family and community. Somewhat similar to what happens in the movie "click" with Adam Sandler.  A super memory would imo be really insanely powerfull. Actually probably the most real world power of all. Just imagine being able the memorize thousands of books. You'd be absolutely unstoppable in any field.
“You’re beautiful, no matter what people say”  Thx 4 the bs IG ‘influencers’
Salt with no iodine, definitely big sign that we are being killed slowly.
My favorite romantic scene from any movie is during the archery contest in Disney’s animated Robin Hood. When Marian begs for robins life and admits she’s in love with him, and the King scoffs and asks “And does this prisoner return your love?” And Robin looks in her eyes and says “Marian my darling, I love you more than life itself.” UGH it makes me feel
“Dobby is happy to be with his friend, Harry Potter.” Feels
What if one half of a perpendicular runs into an unrelated perpendicular?
Happy childhood memories
Deleted? No, the scene isn’t deleted. The extended version is just another path, one we all must buy. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it. 44 minutes of added and reworked scenes.
Clevinger was dead. That was the basic flaw in his philosophy.  Catch-22
Mike in Breaking Bad :( The manner in which, the location, everything about how unnecessary it was...
Ahsoka Tano from the final season of the Clone Wars. I’m a teenager and I grew up watching the show so I’m pretty sure it’s not dodgy to have that crush, but I may be wrong.
I wouldn't have slept with the wrong girl. She is such an awful person. Only reason i did it was because i was lonely af.
Thankyou. 💗
Crazy, for me it was Sniper Wolf in Metal Gear Solid. Like, she’s a boss battle but then you find out how she became the person she is and you realize that more often than not, there are no good or bad people. Mostly just people set forth in their path because of their history.
Do mythical animals (specifically dragons or demons) count?
Great barrier Reef may or may not heard of it. Is  one third of it gone. Yup that's true. Is our politicians doing bumfuck nothing.  yes that's also true. Look at Australia's 2050 zero emmisions climate target. Oh wait we don't have a proper one. HOW THE FUCK DID CHINA GET ONE BEFORE US.
Finnick O'Dair from the hunger games
Don't hate it, just a boring holiday imo
The explanation makes it worse, honestly. There are so many ways they could have gotten rid of Logan if they really felt they needed to, but it was done specifically to get rid of the fans who didn’t want to watch this solo Veronica show.
Opie from Sons of Anarchy. Not ope man
Raven teen titans
It IS the same but people don't see it that way. People get real upset if you say alcohol is a drug.
Don't sweat the small details.  Look at the bigger picture. You got this.
End capitalism, encourage mixing of societies. Economic stress breeds resentment, and poverty-stricken communities will always look for someone to blame. Poverty is a necessary aspect of capitalism, so replacing it with an economic system wherein every person’s basic needs were met would go a long way toward reducing/ending hate-based violence. To paraphrase a line from a show, happy people don’t shoot up grocery stores/synagogues/mosques/whatever. At the same time, unfamiliarity with other cultures is the primary cause of xenophobia—having mixed communities that are socially and economically linked is the best way to reduce hatred overall. Kinda like how a lot of Christians are taught to hate and fear gay people but end up meeting/working with gay people in high school or college and change their minds.
Are you sure there is a j?
Oh! Something less gruesome than what I posted before, but I came to know... Women rubbing their face against different types of breads with makeup is also a thing...
Not sleeping
I mean none of em know I exist so I don't think any of em are
It's a character from that Tumbleweeds comic strip.
ma chills
Ironically the only time I’ve worn a mask is when I got vaccinated. We don’t really do the mask thing where I live. Nothing against masks, it was just never a big problem here
Oh, I would probably also delete all my browser and search history and all the nudes I have on my phone haha. Wouldn't want my family to see that haha.
The girl from devilman crybaby. Who did watch the show know what I’m talk about
That the USSR wanted me dead because of my freedom.
Damn yes! I love Japan.
And when you have kids, it's also a fucking uphill battle every meal to get them to eat.
Old people
The same thing that happened before you were born.
She may be a raging TERF, and her writing is definitely flawed in a lot of ways, but from a purely technical standpoint (except for maybe the time travel) she is a good writer
We live in a very consumerist world currently where it’s generally much easier to just go out and buy what you need/that’s broken rather than spend the time trying to fix what you already have. I also wonder if it’s because we generally value our time more now because so much of it is spent working.
A civil war reenactment. 🤷‍♀️ Because America.
I don't know what those are.. but I don't want any
Came here to say this
Fly me to the moon
Roll them over.  Source: My Wife makes me roll over.
Ferns. Honestly. It was in a text book, written by one of my religion professors back in my more pious days when I was in college. I couldn't tell you why, but for some damn reason, ferns are satanic.
Shaggy and Scooby
Fred Weasley in the Harry Potter series.
Fun fact, when this was filmed no one knew about this scene in the script except for Colonel Blake. They wanted to film everybody's real reaction when the news was read that he had gone down.
Well the joker has been trying since 1951 but I’d say Loki
Shantae, the half-genie hero.
You ok?
Yong-Goo, the father from “Miracle in Cell No. 7” after saying goodbye to his daughter and begging for his life having being bullied to confess to a crime he never committed
Toxic communities (I'm looking at you MHA fandom. You're fine JoJo fandom.)
Lol. How Nobel of you. But in all seriousness it’s not exactly imperative.
Caleb Dume
Make out with the blue-skinned version of me
Yee Haw
A jar of used tampons.
Apple Pay or the tap feature
I have enough to take over John Xina.
Please describe i Don't want to click it
Tastes better and you don't smell. Nicotine kick varies, depends on if you wanna taper off or stay in that hard throat hit. Cigs to ecig is easier than it looks. It's also more portable and it's cheaper.  Ecigs are for people who want to quit smoking.
E
The thing about "Allergies to the ingredients" is different vaccines have different ingredients  Pfizer for example has these in it. mRNA,  lipids ((4-hydroxybutyl)azanediyl)bis(hexane-6,1-diyl)bis(2-hexyldecanoate),  2 [(polyethylene glycol)-2000]-N, N-ditetradecylacetamide,  1,2-Distearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine,  cholesterol), potassium chloride, monobasic potassium phosphate,  sodium chloride, dibasic sodium phosphate dihydrate, sucrose.
Nagisa Furukawa from Clannad.   If you have seen the show, you know.
Sweet Child O’mine?
Gandalf would be considered an angel in our world, consider yourself vindicated.
Axe mogul khan
I used to say “nothing” but since no one has any idea, I’ve found it useful to reframe my thinking and say “anything”
Pepe Le Pew
Ugh… my brother, I guess it’s ultimately a good thing, will NOT chew with his mouth even slightly open… but, the teeth clacking…
Money
Not exactly a canon story, but I read an Undertale fanfiction where Asriel Dreemyrr died at the end and it got me sobbing because the writing was s o good that the death plot was excellently written.  Another death that hit me hard was
yep that is brutal
At least she got to slap him in the face.
Hmmm... That sounds rather... Attractive. I'll take that into concideration.
Of course the south is/was racist. I am not denying any of that or the fact that they wanted to leave due to 'state rights' which actually meant state rights to enslave people.     It's just how enthused people get about how bad the confederacy was for trying to leave... when your whole country only exists because you had a civil war against Britain.     You would think there would be some pass through and some people would go "the confederacy were cunts... but we should let them leave"
Exercise regime just for you!
Emile from Valiant hearts: The great war.   cried with Jack
Attracted to me? I bet bugs bunny wants a piece of this.
Many years ago I knew the guy who I loved secretly.But I wasn't proactive to bring us closer . So after I graduated from high school we lost touch gradually.
You'd like it. It's like 20 episodes or so.  Give it a re-watch. Double billion dollar man.  Also try to spot the black cat in every episode
Yes
doing your mom
Chris from skins! Or Patrick Reed in Offspring. Still not over them
Oh yeah I agree with you. Holier than thou protagonists get on my nerves  T'was just pointing out the actual meaning of the scene and being a dramatic lil bitch at the same time
Homer and Marge Simpson.
>!Nighteyes!< from Robin Hobb's Farseer trilogy.
Mike’s death was so heart-wrenching. I cried
YA
Fuugetsu from Hunter X Hunter manga.
Keep it as a pet
Damn even knowing what was coming I still wasn’t prepared. Crisis core has to be one of the most underrated games ever. When he breaks down crying in the church over Angeal and Aerith is just… there for him… damn it made me appreciate both those characters far more
Caesar’s in Jojo’s Bizarre Adventure part two. The first time I’ve genuinely felt sad about a character’s death
Aerith in Final Fantasy 7. You spend all this time with her, and sometimes even grind her up to max level and power, only to lose her in a massively tragic fashion super quickly. One of the few characters I cried over
Orange zest.
biblical jesus... jk jk
The dog in Hachi.
Maybe those people who climb those really tall towers, as it turns out I've got bad vertigo as an adult. Also I wanna be a sailor anyways.
Aerith
Yeah, me too. Love getting it, but only done it once, because I was in love. Not fun.
I got into Final Fantasy in middle school when I was going through a lot of shit. That was really the first game/fictional story I really got into and attached to and I empathised with Zack especially because I had a whole “I wanna be a hero” complex       His death (the 7 compilation in general) was really designed to make you feel HARD from the fact that the game makes you keep fighting until it’s clear he’s done for, to Clouds heartbreaking outcry, to seeing him essentially be guided to heaven by Angeal and telling Cloud “if you see Aerith, say hi for me”       My dream back tattoo is angel wings, a buster sword, and “Hey, would you say I became a hero”
Guido from the Italian movie Life is Beautiful (1997)  Whenever I think of that movie, I think of his last wink and it gives me chills to this day.
Stop! I can only get so erect!
I got my copy of that book from a street shop. Zero expectations, just a random choice. Never thought I'd cry over a freaking mouse.
a furious kick in the nuts
I have a few difficult decisions to make soon, and it doesn't look like any path I take will be an easy one.
Kanan from Star Wars Rebels.  The determination in his face as he held back the explosion until the ship could get into the air.   Absolutely wrecked me.
A whore. Spend all of my savings on one granny. Never had so much fun in four minutes
Frys dog from Futurama. That scene at the end with him waiting for him was so so sad.
100%
i agree with this so much
Dom from Gears of War. When Mad World kicks in, it took me back to the original Gears of War trailer and how hyped I was for it. Makes it come full circle.
Came here to say exactly this!! Life goals!
Thanos
I always thought it was amazing how most of the time, when a character has a pregnant wife, you just know they’re going to die. But Arakawa made it so central to his personality that it just became a character trait instead of a death knell. Damn it hits hard
Lack of Knowledge.
I still get very sad about Gale :( Poor guy just wanted to make cool coffee and sing karaoke
"why don't you smile more?"   "age is just a number"
Cum every day
It's only money.
????????????
So in theory GTA online made more than that?  If microtransaction based games have a bigger bottom line?
Life, it just ain't treating me well.
Leslie from bridge to terebithia and neji from Naruto
Fur babies too
It’s a stress reliever for those that are hooked, and to reduce stress probably outweighs the affects of smoking itself. The bads would be cardiovascular and respiratory health, and also all the shitty weather you have to endure.
I believe this is probably the take for most humans.
It’s Disney’s MO. I guess you can’t have a life defining adventure unless your parents are dead. My favorite is Frozen where the parents just disappear behind a wave. They’ve been able to keep parents alive by obscuring them or turning them into bears, but dealing with parents for Disney productions must be like how the rest of us deal with drawing hands: **JUST GIVE THEM STUMPS!**
Had a headache even the day after because I cried non-stop for half an hour. I had to come downstairs to eat and I couldn't say why I was crying, they would have made fun of me.
Granted, but the short side is facing down and you'll always be impaled with an L-shaped brick, leaving nothing but nuts.
I really hope it’s just endless nothing.
Fitzchivalry Farseer
Job hunting and being paid peanuts from jobs.
From Harry Potter
Dumbledore. Unexpected. Haunting. The years between book 6 and 7 saw me as a kid thinking a lot about death.
my clothes from H&M have lasted years so i’m not sure what these people are doing
Mads Mikkelsen would be my definition. Famous enough for big roles in movies like James Bond, and to lead a TV show, but not one of the absolute top names.  The A-list is a lot smaller than people on here think.
Long time ago I assisted in cleaning up a beach and found a watch that was worth around 1500 guilders if bought new at a store (Dutch, before Euro). That's the only time I found something valuable as far as I can remember.
Menma in AnoHana, even if you don‘t really see it directly. I can‘t watch it without crying at least a little.
It’s all childish bullshit for insecure morons.
Hank Schrader in Breaking Bad
many are confirmed to be jerks, do those count?
Regina George.
I would like my family dynamic and chemistry back. Had an inlaw move in. Things been fucked since. Even my boys notice.
all of the characters i like, they die. so all
"i know you but what am I" back in the day my friends keeps saying that until we beat each other to death.
I love a smoke with coffee. Nicotine + caffeine. Great combo!
How?
r/postnutclarity
Gordon on Halt and Catch Fire.  Burt Cooper on MadMen.  Kyle Reese in Terminator.
It will show up eventually in your recommendeds
I aob cried in 5th grade when we watched LBT in school and my classmates never let me live it down...
Hahaha XD
But knowing anther me is out partying.... Why not ME me?  Why did it have to be that me?
When I went back and rewatched it last, I was *itching* to get to that scene. It’s so brutally satisfying.
Sometimes I feel the immense joy of being right where I wanna be on the corner of good luck and accomplishment, and other times I feel lost and trapped and miserable.
Pornhub & Vodka. I take shots every time someone moans. I stop caring whether or not anyone gives a damn about me usually before the second sex position change up.
Brooks was here
That’s a huge assumption. You’re wrong.  There are three types of parents. Authoritarian, authoritative, and permissive. I have worked with kids my whole adult life and I am capable of being whatever kind of parent I choose.
Yep. That’s why I bought a sign from Amazon that says PLEASE DONT DO COKE IN THE BATHROOM. I told her that’s my inspirational quote lolol. Best part is she signed our fucking room up for an open house without telling me until a day before so all the incoming students and their parents got to see the words I choose to go by every single day :]
Time travel. To get through difficult days/weeks quickly.  My entire time at  secondary school would be first on the list 😉
Ben Solo, without a doubt. Still not over how they could kill Han and Leias only child!
For me is the human itself
Al and Peggy from Married With Children
A friend of mine cleaned out college apartments for a company and anything the tenants left behind they were allowed to keep. Dude scored an Xbox and a PlayStation in the same week
meh
WAP (I'm a guy with a weiner)
I cried so fucking hard during that scene!!
Meta stands for Most Effective Team Assembly.. I first noticed the term pop up in MOBA's like League of Legends or DOTA.  But it has evolved into a term to which is pretty much means the most effective way to play the game.
Alison Argent in teen wolf, Crystal Reed was my celebrity crush and I wasn’t ready.
Also, their stuff is shite.
Ianto Jones from Torchwood. Still not over it.
Kite HxH shocked my core
Smokers are at lower risk of bowel cancer. I think because tobacco is a mild laxative. Of course that's horribly outweighed by the increased risk of lung, throat and mouth cancer.
Change your routines, consume media you haven’t before, exercise. It’s all about staying healthy and creating new memories that have nothing to do with them.
But also made me endure four years of oppression, problematic behavior, bigotry, misogyny, transphobia, anti-black, anti-Asian, misgendering, tyranny, hate, nationalism, classism, sexual discrimination, islamophobia, Ephebiphobia, Ableism, and sexism.  I barely survived, people.
Not technically a lyric but you could make most of the sounds Axl Rose makes on Appetite for Destruction and noone would bat an eye.  And then of course there's the actual sex recording on Rocketqueen... You know you're doing a good job if you hear that.
Just look after yourself. My road to permanent disability started with a workplace accident.
The frigging dog from I am legend.
Apparently just because someone has a sibling, it doesnt mean they like them.
Little Mulanyans Found An Oyster, that or Lying Makes Father Attempt Oral
Folding knives
I always feel so sorry for those people. Fair enough if that energy gets you going, but the concept of labouring so hard for money in the world we live in just seems like a sad existence. Especially since they are only working so hard to claw themselves into a slightly better living standard because of wealth disparity.  No different than a closeted shut in, or a drug addict; businessmen are just upsetting to watch. Slicing years off their life to burn faster, just so they can buy a nice watch or fast car to sit in traffic with because that's what everybody says success is.  Ultimately, this concept of working hard to eventually become a millionaire is a scam. All those LinkedIn people are just faking success to make money out of our envy. It's all a big old fantasy.  I feel blessed to have had some truly truly terrible jobs, allowing me to peer behind the curtain a little. I don't want millions or hundreds of thousands, I just want enough to be comfortable. I don't see constant growth and wealth and success as important anymore... I see it as greed and a unsustainable culture.  Hopefully the next generations will realise this and work towards what truly matters.
People sitting down next to me in the subway
Every second I live.
The one that is a t shape it’s similar to the one I have know just little bit longer
sometimes you meet cool people while killing yourselves together
K you’re castrated then.
A pair of Hyperx cloud 2
Common courtesy.   The amount of people that walk in front of others at stores without saying, "Excuse me", or walk out and let the door slam back on the person behind them is unreal.
Andy Dick seems a likely candidate.
The retirement age. Like I’m only young but another 40 years? Really?
It doesnt. Its just a piece of my mind.
"You must really like that food, huh?"  Elementary, not skinny child, eating lunch. It suucked.
Its actually fairly well spelled out to me. He desperately wants the power to defend gondor and his people, so the ring is basically presenting itself as a superweapon in his eyes.
No man you don't get it everyone is straight. The only reason anyone makes themselves gay is out of intentional defiance of gods natural laws. People aren't getting aroused by the same sex. They have fetishised disappointing Jesus. /s
That metal isn't just noise and screaming
The thoughts in my head
Reese Witherspoon. Just rumors I'm hearing. Not sure.
lockdown and studies from home
They already exist and are in your bed, and not just your bed but also you and all
Locks.  About half of my income is funneled into my collection of antique or exotic locks
Things now aren't designed to be repaired. They want us to just buy a new one
WHAT AND I CAN’ STRESS THIS ENOUGH, THE FUCK
It’s at 5 hours today, and it’s only 8:30 pm for me so there’s room for more
Was gonna comment this but you beat me to it. Hedwig’s death was a shock to me, and I definitely ugly cried (I’d recently lost BOTH of my childhood cats back to back) but there was absolutely a point to it. It upsets me when people don’t see it, because as you said—for all her flaws, JKR is a fantastic storyteller and writer. People were finding connections between the first few books and the last one YEARS after the series had finished.
I'm pretty sure it's, it doesn't matter if you have morals, life will fuck you anyway.  Edit: A stark ended up King, so they kinda won in the end
There was a rumor a short while back that EA has given Respawn a go for Titanfall 3. I really hope it's true and EA gives it more room to breathe this time.
Really? 'Cause it's amazing!
1900 in the legend of 1900.
To be faaiirrrrrr..
Life
But he *did* get to see it
eustace  very emotional
Unless it's someone with memory problems
Not at all unpopular
My family agrees, you have an extremely small penis.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "How to______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. Consider posting your question on a different subreddit. If you're not sure where to look, ask r/findareddit for help.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You must be fun at parties if that is your reaction
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your post was removed as it looks like you're asking a "Would you rather" question!  These types of questions are [not allowed](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) in AskReddit. You may resubmit this question to /r/wouldyourather. Thanks!  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That one absolutely destroyed me.  I remember just sitting there, 12 years old or so, and blinking back tears so nobody would make fun of me for "being a baby".
All by myself.
Depends. Somewhere I’m not going to be in close proximity with people and can stay two metres away, probably not, but if I’m at an event like a concert or something, yes. Also if it’s required like on the tube or something.
Aeris.
James Bond
Touching rodents for any reason.
Footjob
I just want people to be a little nicer to each other, this is going to get crazy this holiday season
We have emergency instructions on every flight, doesn't mean flying is unsafe.
As a non-American, your pledge of allegiance is cringey as fuck. Jingoistic nationalism isn’t doing the US any favours.
Japanese! I've been wishing my fluency was greater because I'm struggling with understanding some things in the game I'm playing. It's frustrating. :c
I have no desire to work at a fast food counter and have avoided it most of my life. The put-offs would be the itchy/hot polyester uniforms, grease, and loud, disgruntled customers. Working at the Walmart in my hometown would be another hard no for me.
Being tired
Now this anime was pretty terrible, but I watched Charlotte in high school. The plot of the show is people are suddenly developing supernatural powers and the governments around the world are doing really inhumane things to utilize them. The main character lives with his younger sister who is an absolute idiot and really gets on the main character's nerves. She cooks horrible meals that are too sweet and refuses to back down on the subject. So the main character is pretty... Disconnected from his sister. He doesn't eat the food she makes for him and spends a lot of time around other people.  The main character is out at school one day when his sister develops the ability to spontaneously create massive earthquakes. Well this power activates when she is being bullied and she brings the entire school down on her and dies.  There is a scene where the main character is in his house with some of the last meal she cooked, which is beyond spoiled at this point. It's cold and he left it home without eating it. His sister is dead and he let one of her last acts of kindness go completely unappreciated. This shit.... *Hurt* me. I was so fucking torn up by this scene where the main character just locks himself in his room because he doesn't know how to process his grief. This man is just destroyed and it ruined me.
The little girl in A Bridge to Terabithia.
you can, you just cant upload it
Aeris (yeah, yeah I know it’s Aerith, but back in 1997 she was Aeris to me!)
Briefly experienced community at college and I miss it so much. Having all your friends within walking distance, having a central dining place to meet every day, having plenty of spaces to meet without the expectation of spending money…I know the four-year “college experience” is supposedly dying out or overhyped but frankly that alone made it worth the debt.
I've been out of the game for over a decade so I'm just guessing.
Breast expansion. When I first got into it I thought oh, dunno why I like this but surely I'm just about the only one. Nope! Glad to say there's plenty of BE content creators out there
I passed first try, but I messed with the instructor a little. In our city you have to drive on actual roads. Towards the end of the test, they told me to blow through a stop sign. I guess to see if I'd break under peer pressure? I just nonchalantly confirmed what they said and replied "ok" I waited until the last second to come to a graceful stop. Out of the corner of my eye I saw dude visibly relax and sigh. I'm assuming not everyone stops. It's on a road
Of course, Algernon is a proxy for Charlie, and Charlie is who the reader is supposed to projext onto. So of course, everything that he witnesses happen to the mouse, he, and the reader, know is inevitable for Charlie too.
God tier
“Let me just play devils advocate here” no that’s okay
By not using the power ever. Why would I want a random Hungarian in my house? Can you imagine the administrative nightmare to get them back to Hungary? How are they going to explain that they were randomly teleported to another country? How would their families react to their disappearance. I'm not going to ruin a bunch of people's lives and encumber myself with a random Hungarian in my house. What is wrong with y'all?
What do you mean?
2 minutes mom!!
Optimus Prime
What is a Dementor?
Love the show
OK, I’ll bite, what is shifting?
What does "temporary transitioning" have to do with the question?
Nia in tengen toppa i mean after all that fighting to rescue her she up and disappears during their wedding man. It killed me and i cried like a bitch.
Democrats were the ones pushing the lockdowns!! Conservatives were trying to end the shutdown in support of small business.
This is the best way to view it IMO, and probably why I was more accepting of the ending than most. I liked the characters, and by that point I think some of us had long accepted that they'd never be able to explain everything.
Yep, you are correct lol!
"You limp noodle."
Working from anytime anywhere :)
My bad I thought OP said “ungrateful”
Probaly have more access to cheap replacements now
I’m sorry for your loss. Lossing a parent is an indescribable empty. Sending you love xx
I think you got Jane all wrong. Jesse brought her back down when he smoked meth with her there. She was clean and he was the bad influence. She eventually went off the rails and shouldn’t be blameless, but she’d probably still be clean if she had never met Jesse.
Because it is cheaper to employ low skilled assembly workers to operate CNC machines than it is to have an experienced and skilled worker spend time diagnosing and fixing problems.
You're far too cultured for my tastes LOL  I've never been a fan of Shakespeare, though I recognize that he was excellent and covered a wide range of genres.  THe movie choice - I can't stand politics, so movies tying in politics as a major plot point is also something I don't enjoy.  Chess - I learned the basics of playing chess while deployed to Afghanistan, but after coming home, no one else around me knew how to play at all and had no interest in learning, so I haven't played in 10 years.  And video games have been a big part of my entertainment life for the better part of 30 years, so they're definitely important to me, but I completely respect your choice in loosing all access.
Yes half of my cousins have unadded me since I'm pro-vaxx and I haven't even noticed until my sister asked how they were since she doesn't have facebook and I went to check. It honestly has made me super depressed and it keeps me up at night 😔
King Joffrey :_)
Jen Ledger. She's beautiful, amazing drummer, beautiful voice, great artist and a truly genuinely good person.
My radio would turn on most likely. I'm always having electrical issues.
i used to have so many nightmares about the episode where batmans parents dissapeared in a dark alley, i dont even remember what they looked like it just hurt
Mufasa.
When do you think they had done on site photography , if companies still do such a thing?   I was guessing they might have done that in 2018.   And I wonder if they sent artists and photographers out together or if they had to fly out separately to avoid suspicion if they did on site research for the next city.
Phillip Zumbardo… oh god
"You don't get to live a bad life and have good things happen to you."
Aging. I'm 38. All the big shit in life is past me. Got married, bought a house had 2 kids, have a good job, both parents have died. It's just a fucking mundane trudge to the end now.
Kamina.
Ned Zissou. Deserved much better. Part of the beauty of it
To sell more, it's cheaper to replace etc it's stupid
Lee from the Walking Dead Season One game. Keep your hair short.
When people start off a sentence with "Honestly" ... 😡
I went to the midnight screening in the UK when endgame came out. The best cinema experience of my life. Cheers, laughs and cries. My dad cried at Iron Man’s death. I’ve never seen him cry before or since.
Think a lot of things are over engendered now so they can’t be so easily repaired by someone with A bit of elbow grease and a basic understanding, cars specifically
King Alfred in The Last Kingdom. I loved him, hated him, and respected him, and his death hit me pretty hard. In the words of Uthred, "He was my king".
Sleeping not enough
Justin - 13RW
Remember, Columbus fucked a llama and now humans have syphilis
It’s prevention. LOL.
Classic mistake.  You’re locked into you parallel.  Best you or anyone can do is make the best of it with what they got.  It’s possible.
"Brooks was here" in Shawshank Redemption
More time to make art so I can break out of my 9-5 and start my own business
You would become pure energy.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Same. And being a celebrity, she could've had drivers, limo, etc to drive her if she had been drinking.
I hold the first movie to be the best movie I've ever seen. I might be a little biased towards animation, but my god that movie is damn near perfect in every concievable way.
The T block, with either the J or L being my second choice.
*I don't like cats*   *I don't like dogs*  Words that make me instantly dislike someone
Depends on the type! I am an expert knot maker…. Oh did you mean the other type of hanging?
Be excited, still (I have MS).
Nothing reminds me more of my mortality than exercising
Lung cancer, raspy, gross teeth, expensive hobby. I don't think there are any positives mate
Men hands
Hodor, from GoT. The fact Brann is the reason he died makes it worse
A little fenced in area for ac units at an apartment complex.
Depends the time of day. In the morning I sit down as I'm usually half awake but since I'm the only person in my house, my toilet seat is up 99% of the time as I'm standing
Manual gearboxes provide faster gear changes and therefore faster cars, and most automatics don't have handbrakes which is very annoying
Why? What’s the point? Higher rent? Lower home ownership? The last thing I want is to lose my acreage to make some real estate tycoon bigger.
Triss Merrigold
Being in school 8 hours everyday
I prefer Black Shell, but Mediterranean are pretty good with chips.
MLKs writings, MalcolmX writings, Emancipation proclamation, The Constitution, and The Bill of Rights.
Tony Soprano
Bon kurei-chan. *salute*
This was me, had sleep apnea, and hypersomnia, mask+modafinil and I'm OK must of the days 😅
Lucy Liu is right on the cusp of A list but leads the B Listers.
Humans
Arthur from red dead redemption for sure especially if you play honorably.
Portgas D. Ace, the brother from Strawhat pirate Monkey D. Luffy (One Piece).  Everyhting that happened until this point and then the screamings of Luffy... gets me every time
>amazing television series    Wellllllllll…. it started off amazing anyways. But try to keep it down, lest you summon the wrath of r/freefolk.
I feel the same, such a fan of the show, so thoughtfully written. Even when they took more time with the idea, like with the regulars from Mad TV (Nicole Sullivan & Mike McDonald) doing small but essential repeat cameos that came to a satisfying head.   And regarding standout guest spots? Michael J Fox, Jack from Will & Grace, Brendan Frasier, Tara Reid even played great... well past my bedtime so I won't reach further.   But big mention to their Musical episode, maybe top 3 in the competition of musical sitcom specials. I'd put Scrubs, Drew Carey Show & Buffy for my musical episode finalists.
If only
Roy Batty in Blade Runner.  "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. Time to die."
Enjoying highschool …  Covid - lemme introduce myself
Graphene
That show portrayed death so brutal and raw and sudden, then showed the aftermath even better. When Buffy is brought back from the dead and confesses to Spike how it feels was also such a sad moment.
All deaths in the movie "8 below." Still the only movie that's made me cry.
Lord be praised
See I was taught anywhere from 1 to 3 days because you will seem needy. But when a guy waits then they get shade.
A high end laptop and a smartphone in hopes that updates will last very long without having to buy a new laptop or smartphone just to be on the latest version and also be future proof.
SPOILERS FOR THE STORMLIGHT ARCHIVE BOOK 4  >!Lots of things in stormlight hit me hard, but the abruptness of Teft's death that immediately followed him accepting that he was worthy of being saved/loved was heart shattering. Eshonai's at the end, with her riding the storm, also broke me. When I read that part I just set the book down and sobbed.!<
They are fine but just like any piece of machinery when put into the wrong person hands...they can become dangerous.
Wow an itachi tattoo huh? I really hope they edo tensei him and neji again, so that they can meet their neices/nephew. Sarada has a gist of what 'Uchiha' really meant, but if she were to meet itachi, she would finally realize what a powerful bloodline she comes from. Not saying itachi is the strongest one in their history but defo one of the all time greats.Man i want a lot of edo tenseis just so they get to meet their kods/younger relatives.  Asuma,Hiruzen for Mirai and konohamaru Minato, kushina,Neji for boruto, himawari And so many more. Lol ik it prolly wont happen ever but a guy can dream😂😂
The cold. And we've only just started autumn.
Common sense
Honestly I wouldn't mind being famous 🤷‍♀️
Draco in Dragonheart.
None
How are you now?
I used to be like this but once I started planning I never stopped. Now it just feels wrong to be sitting and doing nothing.
Aunt cass
YES the DiRt in there
it's just gaping, if you've ever seen a porno you've seen most of the buttholes on this subreddit.      ...but I said 'most' and dear god the ones you haven't seen are the ones you shouldn't.
All bads.  Source: am a smoker.
Why are there multiple methheads in here?
>And Hughes wouldn't be proud, he'd be horrified  And still dead. I hate all this stories that the good guy has to "be better than than villains" or else something something. It's so overdone!  Fuck that, kill the ever loving shit out of the person who brought that much pain to you and so many other people. Both the Lust and Envy scenes are my two favorite scenes from the show, only marred by him not finishing the job.   I need more protagonists who will actually kill, dammit.
A night away on my own. In a hotel. With a room with a spa. And room service.   Two kids. Uni student. Part time work (4days a week). Wife.
Oh, ya know...all of it.
Mina from mha
Come to the UK, its lit  I love these countries
Raven from teen titans, any girl from Pokemon.
I’m not particularly privileged. I just don’t live my life like some sort of scared animal.
schools still do that
And the absence of lube!
When the dog died in Marley and Me
The long one of course.
Aerith from final fantasy 7
Isaac
Wow,that blew up!
Toboe from wolf's rain. I was not prepared for that ending.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qi8xxm/reasonable_when_the_attourney_offers_his_client/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I still can’t rewatch that episode without having a full blown panic attack
Arthur Morgan
When Artax refuses to go on any longer in Neverending Story. Such a heartbreaking moment and Atreyu's reaction to it gets me every time. It's a lot.
HaTe Is A sTrOnG wOrD  AmOgUs  WhEn ThE iMpOsTeR iS sUs  OmG tHiS sOnG iS sUcH a BoP  iN tHeSe TrYiNg TiMeS  iN tHeSe UnPrEcEdEnTeD tImEs  JuSt SaYiNg
Lonely boy
Stress
Oh shit, we getting high rn? Awesome.
The L one.
great player
Isn't it kinda revealed that he was "the one" so really he is the hero.
Because its true, you might feel like an adult when you hit teen years but just a few more years and you'll realise you really weren't. I believed stuff like that I had the power to control the weather, and that magic/witches etc existed, or there was an escaped jaguar roaming the school grounds when I was about 11/12/13. It's pretty normal, but I'm sure glad I didnt have anything like tiktok back then to permanently record it all.   I'm sorry I upset you, I didn't realise you were a kid yourself when I first answered. Believe whatever you like.
Where the fuck are people talking about Snape? Come on.
totally spies - samantha   i fap a lot when i was a kid because of her
Pls no
They are technically always alive
That’s why I hate dogsled races. Injured or underperforming dogs have been left behind and die freezing or buried by deep snowfall and snowdrifts. It’s fvcked
Some people will tell you three days, but I really feel like that’s a relic from the 90s when we didn’t have cell phones and communication wasn’t constant. No need to immediately start inundating her with texts the second you leave the date, but don’t be a dick and leave her hanging just because you want her to miss you, that’s weird and manipulative. Use your best judgement, if you think the date went well feel free to text her the next day, just keep it short and sweet. “Hey, I had a great night last night, hope to see you again soon.”
whispers: *…Identity politics*
Yeah,  the genocidal maniac who solved nothing was right.
Theyyyyy'rrrreeeee Grrreaaat!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So you're saying that antisemites are the cause of antisemitism.   You see there's a paradox in there right?
either is fine, i like shredders and influencers
I’m FUCKING tired of those STUPID YouTube ads for chrome books I already fucking despise chrome books they are ass and the only thing they are good for is school work. And they are calling these things “laptops” they are nothing but glorified web browsers that can run android apps. Switch to chrome book my ASS Windows and Mac are Superior compared to the abomination they call a laptop. Poor kids asking for a computer for Christmas, b- day etc only to get their hearts shattered when they realize they got a chromebook. And they can only play shitty Android games poor clueless unsuspecting parents also being drawn in by the lower prices compared to a regular Windows or Mac laptop.  Screw you and your “Everything button” and your “Switch to chromebook” and finally your “Built in virus protection” every Windows and Mac comes with integrated antivirus from the OS and the ads make it seem like a huge deal when in reality it’s literally standard.
Let's ask all the people on reddit from North Korea what they think.
Life
No not in the slightest
Sirius Black and Colin Creevey fromm Harry Potter  and   Bob Newbe and Barbara Holland from Stranger Things
There are no goods.. you're sucking on cancer sticks!
'Stop being a bitch about it'   If it's not someone I'm homies with they'd instantly become 100% more punchable ...
You can start calling a piece of crap a diamond all you like, but it's still a turd.
of trying to be successful. i am happy being a nobody.
Foo Fighters - Home
Do you want a hug?
Ugh it’s 5:28 am I don’t need my blood to start boiling. Sometimes you just wanna set someone on fire
Wear a poker face and you'll be fine
The ones they called the “dying breed” literally.
All of them at the ending of Six Feet Under
Surgeon. I'm clumsy sometimes.
XD
My dad was giving me a hard time and I said I wasn't in denial  He said: "That's right, you must be in da Mississippi"
Call bomb threats to every major government
My students being horrible to each other (and me). It’s been a rough couple of months :(
Good and how are you op?
Linkin park
Ghost and roach from call of duty mw2. It was so unexpected and as a kid, it broke my heart.
Living
Workers rights. Labor law.  I feel that people once employed, are entitled to certain rights. Not to be fucked around with and not canned using constructive discharges, like a bunch of petty write ups.   I'm getting ready to take the LSAT to go to law school and become a labor attorney. I'm 30, so it's been a long going dream of mine.
With Arthur while it was sad it didn't hit me quite as hard as having played the first game I knew that there won't be a magic twist to save him. In RDR1 I sat shellshocked for half an hour after the last mission.
Ned Stark in ASOIAF series. This was before the series had launched and i had not seen such a prominent character die so early in a series before in the limited amount of fiction I had read till then. It was very shocking for me and I kept hoping that he was somehow going to come back in some way. But as time went by, I had a greater appreciation for such kind of fiction where anything can be expected and no one is safe. Great mind opener.
Say hi to a better version of me
What if you have to do big poo poo?
If this is real you’re a fuckin legend lmfao
Vote by mail. It's so easy. Get your ballot in the mail, fill it out and send it back, or drop it off at a drop box location.   The drop box I use is at a voting office, which is right next to a police department and covered by cameras. Someone would have to be a complete idiot to tamper with it, they would get caught immediately because their offices are in the same lot.  You can check online a few days later to see if your ballot was received. Took about 2-3 days last time. It beats the heck out of standing in a long line. It gives you plenty of time to vote.
Sarah Lynn from Bojack Horsenan, that shit was too much man!
Eat it
Had to be me. Someone else might have gotten it wrong.
Definitely got me into the John Green series! An abundance of Katherines is interesting but Paper Towns has a similar vibe to Looking for Alaska.
Join a union homie. Trade unions are generally really strong
Oh God, this one! Breaks me ever time I watch it.
Saving for a house deposit that is getting larger than my savings. Just feels like I'm going to be stuck at home forever
Define "up from my current location".    If I lay down flat, can I then use this power to teleport forwards for free and speedy travel, because up from my perspective will be "forward"?
I do, because I'm not an asshole.    It's also useful to snicker at people in the supermarket.
I think the Cory of it all made it so much more horrific because it was never just about mourning the loss of a character
Fuck yeah. Garlic as well for me.
I just do small chores i until I can eat  like unloading the dishwasher, making bed, schedule review ect I do try to get some light excercise in but it’s really hard on empty stomach
Lee from The Walking Dead
About what I didn't do in my time. About not saying what I could have said.
Snape… “Always”
As someone once put it, "One in a million happens every day about seven thousand times."
yes, he's finished
I’d travel to the Wild West where saloons still had prostitution so I can get a gander at some yeehaw hoohoos.
Hedgwig, it was just so unnecessary!
Waiting for the universities I've applied with to get back with me offers, luckily my top choice came back to me  yesterday with an unconditional offer :D
What  heavy episode, so hard.
Spoil dinner.
Dr Green
5 hours? Not sure. Maybe 4.
A lot of discussions by grade a under a  I mean, it’s really fun to sit and try to describe what he sounds like when he’s talking about stuff because he really makes me laugh and the whole time I know my friends must be giving me the side Eye because I’m doing a really poor job  I guess in my own warped way that makes it more funny to me. I guess knowing that I’m kind of cheesy and lame it’s some thing I find funny.
"Hold the Door!"
Hairs
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Jessica Rabbit
Yesss
You have one in your hands right now
Hachiko's owner. I didn't care about him at all, but it hit me because it affected the dog. Sad movie as fuck, could never watch it twice.
Legacy of Kain: Defiance.  In fact, I wish so badly that they would remake (or at least remaster) the whole series, since I never played the earlier titles, only Soul Reaver 2 and Defiance. The world of those games is so intrigueing though, I wanna know more.
I’m doing good! Had a short sleep and a relaxing morning so far
Not sure how iPhone works but on my android, I get alot at first, like 3-4 daily. After I start blocking these numbers  consistently the system learns and starts block them automatically for texts. As for spam calls. It's uhh unfortunately, still not regulated?
You're able to opt out of these y'know. Just open the email, scroll down to the bottom, and find that un-sub button.
By "the bandits" do you mean criminals/ruffians? I've never heard that term before
I do this like 2x a week and my dad would do it frequently, too. Must be genetic.
God, I may have a rewatch of Cowboy Bebop in my near future.
Cortana from halo
Aux cables/ports
Sounds like FAirbanks, AK to me.
Who are you asking? People in relationships or people with siblings?
Anty from honey I shrunk the kids
Vegeta’s sacrifice. That scene made me bawl as a kid
Groot’s death from Guardians of the Galaxy is the only time I have ever sobbed in a movie theater lol
duh, his lawyer(who is also 14)
The story ending was spoiled for me. Finished as many side missions as possible and my crew happily remains at the Manor, about to leave for their island paradise... Didn't have the will to finish the story missions anymore, liked Authur too much
Nighteyes in the first book of the Tawny Man trilogy.
people who want to feel special despite being utter trash most of the time
Misato Katsuragi. Need I say more?
Perverts, anyone preying on people, users, dumb videos on social media, misinformation spreading and people not being called out.
Cybill Shepherd and Bruce Willis in Moonlighting
No Daria???
damn i hope it hits me too
Ultimately Yukio's prophecy from the previous movie came true.  He would die lying in a pool of his own blood, holding his heart in his hand....
I have seen that movie many times and I tear up every time.
Right!? He's the only character that dies and it does nothing to advance the plot. Completely unnecessary emotional kick in the teeth for no gain
For the love of God, don't be lazy AND depressed at the same time.
"I wish you had brains instead of a big dick" 😕
Thank you now it's even more depressing :(
Lehaba from House of Earth and Blood. *"My friends are behind me, and I am not afraid."*
Artax sinking into the swamps of sadness. I still cry as an adult when I watch it.
Run
Sadly I think people become more out of touch the older they get, not wiser. Same with people who become wealthy, you stay rich long enough you forget what being broke is like. I even feel the same about just becoming an adult. It angers me when adults say "what do kids have to be stressed about", then when a kid who's stuck in an abusive family says they hate their family people just dismiss it as a kid being angry at their family instead of seeing if there might actually be a good reason for it. Like if that kid grows to be 30 and still says he hates his family, it's not a rebellious teenage phase, something is wrong.
2010, buy a shit ton of Bitcoins and bury the wallet key somewhere I could dig it back up when returning the the present time.
Ties. If my job required one, I'd work somewhere that doesn't. If a restaurant demanded I wear one, I'd eat elsewhere.
Simon (Ghost) Riley
Haha
Ty Lee is one of my tops
He’s describing time dilation.
Opie in Sons of Anarchy
It is a privilege to care for those at the end of their life who took care of you at the beginning of yours.
Nothing gonna change, you have to change stuff, there's no magic pill
Oj and Biden
The music in that scene...
Yeah, the past few times I watched set me off from the death announcement to closing credits.
Yeah bet you invented fortnite didn't ya :D
Luci
Apparently they also filmed/plotted Walt outright killing her, but decided it was too soon in the evolution of the character for that. So the death showed was actually the lesser of two evils
There is no simple answer to this question.  &#x200B;  Knowing or not knowing something is partially the responsibility of that person.  Example:  You join a cult and they convince you that anybody you murder goes straight to heaven.  So you kill your parents.  You believe you are doing good, but it was your responsibility to not let yourself get manipulated like that.   So a judge will probably find you guilty and I'd say you're quite a bad person.  &#x200B;  However in some cases, the cause for those beliefs is not the person's fault.  Example 2:   A person unknowingly develops a brain tumor.  One day they see some kind of monster in their room and they attack it out of fear for their lives.  Once it's over it turns out that the monster was actually their partner and the person was halucinating due to the tumor.  The person couldn't have done anything to prevent this from happening, so I'd say it doesnt make them a bad person.  &#x200B;  In short.   It's not just about the crime (or other bad deed) but also about the steps that led up to that point.
Please don’t, I broke down at that point. There was so much death already and then that…
1. Shitty selfish people everywhere.  2. The college and adult education system that requires more money to make money.  3.  Also the greed, ignorance and polarization at capital hill. The human race should be infinitely further than we are today, the planet should be flourishing and we should be safe and probably interstellar traveling and all but no. We killed our planet and each other so the worthless 1% and companies, could enjoy the nice bits of our planet for themselves and it’s nearly too late to turn it around. I literally have to know that my grandchild may not have a planet let alone see a giraffe
>!Rudy Steiner!< from The Book Thief, I was ugly crying and my husband couldn't understand what was going on when I was trying to explain why I was so upset at a book.  The other one was >!Tom Builder!< in Pillars of the Earth. That one hit me like a freight train.
if you live in america, that is
Lol
Why don’t *you* go back to *your* home country??
I'm Mexican, and I feel this in my bones.
When Jonathan and Skorpan dies in the opening of Brothers Lionheart by Astrid Lindgren. It's pretty dark.  Short summary:  >!In an unnamed Swedish city, ten year-old Karl Lejon has found out that he is going to die from an unspecified pulmonary disease (most likely tuberculosis). His adored big brother, 13-year-old Jonatan, calms him down and tells him that in the afterlife, all men will go to a land known as Nangijala.!<  >!One day, a fire breaks out in the Lejon home. Jonatan takes Karl on his back and jumps out of the house's window to save him, but dies himself in the fall. Karl is crestfallen over his brother's death, until, just before his own demise, he receives a sign which allays his fears of death, and when he wakes again, he finds himself in the Cherry Valley of Nangijala, where he is happily reunited with Jonatan.!<  I did not understand death at all when it was first read to me and boy did it cause an avalanche of questions.
Ellie from Up.   It took a few watches for me to truly appreciate the gem that is Up, because the first 10 minutes wrecks you. I cannot help but think what life will be like when I start losing loved ones as I age. What makes the movie so beautiful is you see this person grieving and struggling to keep going, find connection again. And the continuation cartoon Dug Days is cute as well. Sad Ed Asner passed away.
This could be the opening scene of a movie by Pixar and Disney or a really gruesome horror.
I’m just a notch in your bed post, you’re just a line in a song
Try Cowboy Bebop
It started with Ma Dong Seok's character but by the time Gong Yu's character died in Train To Busan ,I was crying rivers. I can't choose which one of them affected me more but I still almost come to tears when I think about them.   Another close one would have to be Colonel Erwin Smith from AoT. Absolutely tore me to shreds. Although I was rooting for Armin to stay alive,his death hit me later when the episode eded and I cried in my sister's lap for a good 10 minutes.
This guys just spitting facts
If you take away the lyrics from Sonic and the Secret Rings' Night Palace song, it slaps in an original way. It's unlike anything that I have heard in any game. It sounds like a slow climactic mission and it's definitely my favorite song of the game.
Silent Hill. I never got very far. I wouldn't play it now.
Near the top of my list, too...depressing and beautiful.
I'll mention a few I haven't seen here. Spoilers for Merlin, Rurouni Kenshin Reflections OVA, and Xenogears.  Arthur at the end of Merlin. That one hurts. It also really sucks depending on how you feel about the end of the show.  Kenshin in the not-so-canon OVA Reflection. Even though its technically not canon, just imagining his life going that direction after all he's been through is heartbreaking. 😞 Its this reason why this particular OVA is not considered canon, as I believe I remember the creator disagreeing with his death saying that Kenshin had had such a hard life until this point and that he deserves a happy ending.  Kim in Xenogears. Just the thought of his awful offscreen death. Its a good example of don't show, don't tell, but include just enough information that one can come to a gruesome conclusion. After witnessing his wife's murder, he's forced right then and there to seal the lab to protect his daughter for 4000 years from those who want to use her, trapping himself inside in the process and never being seen again, supposedly starving to death, but leaving no trace as to how exactly he died when the party opens the lab 4000 years later.    Makes for a very memorable part of the game when you learn about it in pieces out of sequence, as well. You get to slowly piece together what happened in the past and if you go out of your way to experience the optional content you get way more context than you were initially expecting there'd be.
A mix of songs by Obituary, Death, and Autopsy.
69 barracuda
why so low
Don't forget Sascha, or Ilse Langnar. Especially Ilse Langnar. Her writing down anything that was happening in her last seconds while being chewed by a titan gives me chills just by thinking about it.
Buy bitcoin
Tools
jerk-off session
My job requires me to tell people they can't park their bikes right outside an emergency exit. There are traffic signs and tiles showing this. Smoking as well, there are a LOT of smoke-free zone flags, signs and tiles. They still ignore it.
"All together now!"
HODOR!
2 days
/r/captainsugar is possibly a cult.
Jim and Pam from the office
Do they still teach sewing? I was taught how to sew in school.
I think I have Gerd… how does he treat it??
A line from my favorite movie...   "It's ridiculous! Probably based on some stupid shit ya saw in a movie! And here I am AGAIN all tyin' myself up with ya stupid fuckin' rope! What is the deal with you and rope? Honestly!"
You ever watch a tv show called Brimstone?
I am always waiting in front of the casino for people and exchange fake money for real money by telling them that I wanted to buy something for my granny  but the vendor does not accept 200€ bills
Shower sex.  You end up slipping and falling.  I'm lucky I never got seriously hurt.
Yes a chirpy spy has a tendency to be caught.
[Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah AH AH AH AH AHHHHHHHH](https://youtu.be/HQmmM_qwG4k?t=128) _*drum and guitar solo kick in*_
People sure are disgusting
What is that?
Raven and Marceline
This movie surprisingly hit me hard. Yondus death but also when kraglin chokes up saying “they killed all my friends” and that whole scene of them just killing the crew really got to me.
oh you bet
No worries :)
Pascal’s wager, may as remorse as well as you can with 1 hour and 9 minutes left.
They never did explain how the bullet was fired upward but then managed to come in horizontally through the window just to hit her
Came here looking for this. Absolutely destroyed me.
No. I feel lost and exhausted. You ever have that feeling where you don't want to die, you just want to be in a different and much better situation that the one you're in. Lately, I feel like I'm always holding back my tears. Like I'm always one shitty situation away from completely giving up. At this point, I just want time to stop and let me breathe for a bit.
I'm 19 and really confused so I'll wait a couple years to answer that
is this your way of saying you fucked a nun?
A girlfriend, can't be skimping out on them now can we?
not this one. reported
So God is a villain?
I think you misunderstood the book..... Ahab is the villain.
I do what I want
just fucking do it NOW!!!
yeah but since the mcu is based off the comics well loosely of course the crazy shit in the comics would come up
I can’t think of any cartoon character but if we’re speaking about anime, than definitely Shikamaru  😍from Naruto
Id say some of it may be others still as well. The mask helps more with keeping you from spreading than keeping you from being sick. (Most virus sheds in breath, but can infect you via any opening like eyes and ears)
Well first, one must consider that universes collide.  Knowing that as fact, it isn’t just reasonably to say, it’s downright truth that universal collisions create perpendiculars.  Perpendiculars by nature can not crash.  And thank the antiquated idea of God they can not.
BODY
A boyfriend and a good passive income stream
couple years
it’s not real. so no
Keep hand sanitizer in your backpack.
Marshall's dad in HIMYM. Hit me like a truck.
Those game adverts where they pretend to be fucking stupid to make you want to play the game. It’s always pushed me away from downloading the game, and it always will.
Agreed
Huh, that's interesting though because I actually have no problems at all with pronunciation and languages! Maybe there's some sort of correlation there.  I used to read a lot as a kid and as long as I can remember, as long as I'm reading fiction I'm able to immerse myself so deeply that I'm not even seeing the words. It's like my consciousness is floating through the narrative and experiencing it from outside of a physical body. But that only happens when I read fiction and it's still slow.
I smell the rain when its raining on a hot day, because of the asphalt I think
Oh that green day song! Do you remember it?!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your post was removed as it looks like you're asking a "Would you rather" question!  These types of questions are [not allowed](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) in AskReddit. You may resubmit this question to /r/wouldyourather. Thanks!  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Cursive
BODY
What an asshole though, making fun of the death of his best friend that's so fucked up
Jiraiya. The somber aftermath of his death when Naruto grieves made me ball my eyes out.
Kakashi and Sasuke from Naruto Dobi from My Hero Acadamia White haired Kanaki from Tokyo Ghoul Mocha Acashia from Rosario+Vampire Atem(tall Yugi) from Yu-Gi-Oh
I would say we should hang, but... I don't think you'll be into my type of hanging.
I just had someone in a discord server I own, on my mod team, get mad and quit because we were discussing and issue they brought up and trying to come to consensus on it. They felt attacked because we all felt slightly different on the topic, and weren't instantly taking their side.   Like, once they left we eventually took the action they wanted, we just were discussing how we felt first and didn't 100% agree on their stance.
Not really my bag, but I scrolled through out of curiosity and that shower scene made me laugh!
21 hours, 12 minutes, 55 seconds.
Common sense
Gym
When the neighbor girl died in bridge to Terabithia. First time I remember crying during a movie or book
I do because shops keep banning anyone who doesn’t wear a mask.
I feel Australia is going to feature heavily in this one!  - “Yeah nah” -  Starting a sentence with “Yeah…” -  Swearing while giving a compliment
You must check out watchmojo. They kind of invented this method.
My identity...
Not being tired enough to sleep 9 hours like I should be  teenagers need 9 hours of sleep.
Everyone’s an annoying motherfucker in one way or another (including you and me) and it’s easy to think that someone’s just dumb. But truth is, people aren’t 1 dimensional characters
I played a YouTube video 'classical music for your unborn baby' when I was pregnant which of course played random adverts! Poor baby was being advertised to before she was born ffs..
Nice try I’m not gonna give you my idea and then see it later being sold without any credit being given to me…… I already had that happen not gonna let it happen again
I’m vaccinated so I never wear a mask.  Well maybe at the doctors’ office if they are asking me to.  At this point, everyone (at least in America) has the opportunity to get vaccinated for free.  So no need to mask up anymore.
to distract myself from the endless and painful circle that yall call 'Life'
I knew of the legend before hand but was still sad.
I ugly cried in class when our 4th grade teacher read Where the Red Fern Grows.  I threw the book across the room at the end of Lovely Bones.
Fucking Diego from Ice Age. I said what I said  And the wolf from that weird ass animated Little Red Riding Hood. I’m detecting a theme here..
feed them the false idea of freedom
That one fucked me up. I didn't cry, I just sat there for about an hour  in pure silence trying to digest what just happened.
Additionally, Echo-419.
Lol ok dad
The corpse defiling username makes me intrigued to see this
What are you studying? It sounds like you might be in the wrong degree.   Also, are you studying at a residential, commuter, or online uni?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well I'm in college now and I have locs. I also gained a friendship at it looks like I'm losing it and I think it's bad that I no longer care to lose it. But yeah I've been vibing
Mordin Solus.   “Had to be me. Someone else might have gotten it wrong.”
True. They are the worst.
THANK YOU. I'm always having to explain this to people who whine and bitch about the ending. The show was about the characters. It was never about the island.
Key their car and kidnap their puppy
Off the top of my head, I'm gonna go with Ned Stark, just because I totally didn't see it coming. I had absolutely zero background on GOT (the books, but the show had already come out-I wanted to start reading to catch up.) I really thought he was going to be a main protagonist in that series. Interestingly, I was just as pissed off when I finally saw it happen on-screen, even though I knew it was coming...
No its fucking not
Remove everything that can remind you of the other person.  The best way to solve a problem is to eliminate where it comes from.
I am a little to young and a bit anxious so I’d be like “oh hello, erm can I have a erm….. juice?”
Demon Scooters
Trainers. I usually buy Nike ones and they’re so comfy yet can be around £130-160 but they’re worth the comfort. However when I’ve got cheaper ‘fashion’ trainers for £20-30 they make a mess of my feet. It’s always worth spending more for comfort. Plus the dearer ones wash so well👌🏻
Theyre just boobs lady!
There are no bad people, just strings of bad ideas/deeds
Bc you don’t give me reason to do so or Bc the natives never did
Jim and Pam from the office, Will always be the best. They belong together
In the past , eating out.
Pog does not mean Play of the Game, it originated from the bottlecap game 'Pogs' and a twitch emote based on that.  It's frustrating to see how widespread the potg definition is especially when any overwatch player knows play of the game is POTG not POG.
Comrade
To die
Kushina from Naruto. It was weeks after losing my own mom.
Toilet paper. I will never buy the cheap stuff
Being broke.
closure
I do because it is still a mandate in my area. If not, fuck masks
Yellow Submarine
In a recent post that made it to the front of reddit from r/Superstonk they talked about how everyone sees what is happening but people don't see to join and jump on board with them.   I wanted to ask a few questions but didn't have the karma to post anything so ill ask here.   If I want to learn more about stocks and apps/applications for buying and trading then where should I start?  If I want to learn more about it all then want are some good resources a simpleton with a small brain like my self can go to learn?  Are their any apps or information sites I should avoid while learning or trading/buying?  Thanks from a colleague kid who wants to do better.
One of those 🇨🇭🇳🇴🇸🇪🇫🇮
Mello should have been the one to take down Light. In general, he should've been the next L.
Same here. I own a small embroidery business (I am literally my only employee) and If I would have had even one paid employee, I would have lost everything because of the lockdowns.  I am so very grateful when people choose me over larger companies to do their monogramming or embroidery work. It feels so good when someone comes to your shop; It's them telling you they appreciate your art and your small contribution to the world.
food definitely food
I feel the same way. I'm so done with hatred, conspiracy theories and stupidity being spread around. I too wish I could be more ignorant sometimes.
Vegeta.  I like angry manlets
Riley Reid is cute af.    Samantha Saint before a lot of plastic surgery was pretty hot.   Besides that, I like just homemade stuff.    I really try to avoid professional stuff cause it's so fake and I think it messes with your sexual psyche.
Getting fucked in the ass
Beyond Good and Evil
People not understanding (the importance of) climate change.  "BuT iT Is NaTuRal!!1!1"
Optimus Prime. 10 year old me could NOT handle that. My Mom took me to the theater to watch it. I cannot watch it to this day.
Misato Katsuragi, specifically End of Evangelion. She was my favourite fucking character, and died because Shinji couldn't fucking pull himself together for a few minutes. All these years later and I'm still torn up about it.
Yeap. Jaded like this too. It's sad. What's even sadder is it's seemingly getting worse. Idiocy is on an epic rise thanks to social media, cheap entertainment, substandard education and a general degradation of social values. No one is doing anything about it either.
Anything that separates me from the ground:  Shoes, boots, mattress, tyres, etc.
I read the Red Wedding when I was in the 10th grade; at the time, Robb Stark was my favorite character ever. I was seriously nauseous for days. Took me over a year to pick the book back up.
Imagine being an actual fetus and posting random repeated questions on this sub
Little Ann from Where The Red Fern Grows.  Still. Every time.
Arthur Morgan from Red Dead Redemption 2
My plush Pikachu
I have, mostly. There isn’t an alternative to WhatsApp, though.
Men
Someone is bad if I consider them to be. There's no objective right or wrong so my opinion is all I can use as a reference
The North Korean people
This! Kalos is a region with great potential, but XY were kinda... "eh" in execution. Pokemon Z could have fixed at least some of the games issues and it may have been a much better experience overall.
It is 0530hrs here and I'm about an hour and a half away from shift change. My night has been well. How are you OP?
Japanese so I could perfectly understand what's happening in the game I'm playing.
Oh that is interesting. Even when you think you know something, sometimes you dont. :'D
Electronics, but cheap, buy twice.
As an addict myself I find these discussions pointless. Especially seeing people online who haven't experienced addiction talking about them. It's a personal thing that varies.  However, on the other side, I think fame kills celebrities. Sarah Lynn as a character was very transparently an example.
Artax from The Neverending Story
When it starts with “women of reddit” as I am not a women
Ace from One Piece.  Luffy worked so hard to get him back, only to have him literally die in has arms, apologizing for being a blight on the earth. I cried a goddamn ocean for that guy's death.
Not Penny's Boat
End of Walking Dead the game, season 1. You know who.
Pizza.
No. Fuck that.
I've always wanted a civilization/strategy game that takes more realistic, real world nuances into account rather than just having points system and dice like "you've researched 'science' for 5 turns now you unlock gunpowder" for example
My friend Arthur. Arthur Morgan.   "Ah.. I don't care about all that. Just face me west, so I can watch the sunset and think about all the times we had."  I was genuinely sad, that ending with good honour playing May I stand unshaken really hit me.  I knew it was coming, but was never prepared for it.
This ain’t the comics chief
Remember when Rotties and Doberman were “dangerous breeds”? The only common thing they have is irresponsible owners
What the heck do I have to benefit from immigrants? They hate ME.
I think the cheese fell off this boys cracker
like a Dementor
Darth Vader
“Uhhh  Y E S”
Is this what I think it is🤣
The most commonly used phrase that annoying people that I know use is “WhO AsKeD?”. This phrase kills an entire conversation either if it’s in a group or just with one person. It just ruins an entire mood and also jokes that are funny once or twice but then constantly repeated. Just no.
Corruption and everyone just going with it, pretending it doesn't exist because you can't technically prove it.  Why yes, i did get a 500k speaking fee at Goldman Sack's event.
Easily the saddest movie I've ever seen aside from Schindler's List. I was at a sleepover and we watched that movie and I wasn't ok.
Deciding what to eat everyday, that’s what’s adulthood is all about. And generally it’s the main conversation in marriage.
Its because bread is staple food
life
Watch Bender's big score
OH NO I forgot about Wash, now I'm sad all over again
That's gonna be exactly it. FF7R talks a lot about destiny, and I think that Aerith's purpose is to die. The game devs just want to make the old story feel fresh again, but just watch how they're gonna take a little detour to the exact same destination as before.
I'm so conflicted right now.  Physically, I don't know what to do.  Continue sitting?  Start Dancing?  Emotionally, continue being bored or be happy?  AHHHHHHH!!!!!
Life
Mine is supra
Years is a made up word that won't work the same on other planets because days are longer/shorter and they are closer/further from the sun
"The fuck am I looking at?"  "hahahahahha thanks"  "weirdchamp/pogchamp/poggers"
Dom in Gears of war. If you know you know. RIP Dom
Betelgeuse
What the current creative team has done to the Doctor is an actual crime
So an Anti-Laundromat?
Even though I knew he had to die for real at some point it still hit me like a train.
Stretching out the hamstrings.
I was surprised how emotionally invested I was by the end of that movie, especially since I haven't seen any of the other X-Men movies
You. We. All the people currently alive.
I took my little brother to see this in the movie theater. He’s like 10 years younger than me. When this part happened he asked what happened to Littlefoot’s mom because he didn’t understand. So I explained to him that his mom died, but “don’t worry it’s just a movie. Our mom didn’t die. Our mom is at home and we’ll see her later. This is just in the movie. Don’t worry it has a happy ending.” Later as we’re walking out of the movie, a kid next to us said to her mom, “But what happened to Littlefoot’s mommy?” My brother turned to her and said “She’s dead.”
I wanna fuck my fuckin self so fuckin bad  Not a very well-known song. If you're open to it, Bitch I Love You by Jesus Chrysler
One of those 🇨🇭🇳🇴🇸🇪
Every midnight like, at 4:00 am, I hear this screaming sound.  At first, I didn't think much of it. But then, the screaming got louder and louder.  Yesterday night was the loudest. I jolted out of my bed... Looked at my parents and lil sis, and they were all sleeping soundly. Didn't want to disturb them, so I just lay there, Scared to the core. At last, when I looked at the clock it was 5:00 am. FINALLY I COULD SLEEP!!!!!
Better yet, give the guy or a contract that name lol.
Starfire is incredible
RUDY!!!!!
Mine
Korosensei from Assassination Classroom. The last roll call was so heartbreaking and I remember crying myself to sleep the night I finished the manga...
Dr.Evil obviously
r/hitman
Self tests
Born and raised in Ukraine, have lived in Russia for three years now. The things the police does in post soviet countries can't be shaped into words. Those are the exact people that make you lose trust in humanity in general. The only time I felt like police was a benign force was when I lived in Japan for several years. And even then I was acutely aware of what that local police can sometimes do to certain people at interrogations. But then in Japan it was incredibly hard to get in trouble for nothing. Contrary to Ukraine/Russia where it is entirely enough to just be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
How does the dying planet affect your life?
Rengoku from the Demon Slayer anime, he was too powerful to be killed that early on 😭
It doesn’t exist.
I’ll answer everything unless it’s tagged serious. That’s another way to say “not for me”
My life is completely different. In the past 18 months, my SO and I decided to make a plan to leave the city and live in the country side.   In that time we searched for land, found some we could afford in a different country, got married on the 18th to make moving easier and we signed and payed for it on Thursday!  We still need to sell our apartment and quit our jobs, but the wheels are in motion!
Well, I would've told myself to stop messing around and actually enjoy my high school and do my work and be nice to people..
I mean, it's becoming a requirement to agree in a lot of jobs.
I already sleep in my office because I work from home in a studio apartment :(
K's death in BR2049. The whole scene is such a perfect ending to the movie.
Joel’s daughter Sarah, from ‘The Last of Us’. So sudden and surreal.
the among us song that some degenerates made , its sad to see some people are actually this braindead ffs
Jesse and Becky Katsopolis.
But, in my circle there's a sterotype of being dumb when you're talking too much. Often bring up a stupid proverb "Empty vessels make much noices"
Iron Giant
Health
VW: where the concentration is real...
Flint Fireforge
you can’t avoid death also i assume you’re not a comic reader cause those have all been present
They originally aired on HBO.  I think they're on HBO Maxx. There's 3 of them if I remember correctly.  The interviewer also wrote a companion book called the Ice Man that's a fantastic read.
The freaking stargate
No, it's actually just nonesense, but how I understand it is like this: Alphas: leaders Betas: followers Sigmas: people who do not give a damn about the other two
Danny trejo.
And Finnick
I don't remember his name but he's from the puzzle!
Jesus Christ in the New Testament of the Holy Bible
Well on documentaries it feels like if you breath wrong you’ll be stabbed and killed. Was just wondering what people’s experiences were
It’s true, though.
Spike in cowboy bebop i can admit i cried manly tears.
Spam calls
moving out of bed
alcohol-based hand sanitizer
Lelouch's death.  The reason is, Nunally figuring everything out, everyone cheering while she griefs is one of the rare scenes that actually made me cry.
Starfire from Teen Titans
The dogs in eight below. I was a kid watching that movie and I can't shake it to this day
Sterling Archer from Archer dudes voice is awesome
Literally watching *The End of Time* as I scroll through this thread and I am already destroyed in advance. Every time.
Both endings of life is strange 1. Both endings had characters i loved die. That was the one game which made me cry
Lakeland FL
I *have* but remember very little of it so suspect a "correct" anime wouldn't affect me the same way
Not too well, having a really hard time with grieving. I’ve went through losses before even from immediate family but none has hit me this hard. I’ll be fine, it’s just this time it’s going to take me a lot longer to get through it.
Nico Robin or Nami from One Piece
Wow, the second Sprog I’ve ran across on this thread. What a treat!
It's been a month and your username made me flip out so hard even yo mama thinks I got anger issues >.<
Either I’m having a weirdly overly emotional morning without realising it, or this haunts me more than I realised because your comment just made me tear up
1916.  At least there isn't a World War.
When people ask me "why don't you talk much?". Like mate, I don't ask you why you talk so much, please leave me alone.
Tbh I would do some illegal shit then sleep
How every new generation is being exposed to an uncontrollable amount of media and being exposed to information that is being manipulated by others not to mention how everyone is being mainpulated by the media and influencers more and more.
Largely depends on the color of your skin I guess
😩Tell me about it, I question my sanity at these times! Have ended up in the other room myself as earplugs are not a thing I can sleep with unfortunately!... I might be imaging it but she might have just gotten louder
SOME
Yo mama so broke they call her 2008, cause she's always in a recession.
Fred Weasley from Harry Potter. He’s a friggen twin. It felt so unnecessary.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It is.
I ended up special ordering flaked sea salt with iodine to replace the kosher salt I typically cook with, because lockdown meant a lot more home cooked food - and the more scratch cooking with only kosher salt I did, the less opportunity for additional iodine we were getting.   I doubt we were in any danger of malnutrition - we eat plenty of eggs, a fair bit of fish, but even slight underabsorption of iodine has been linked to fatigue and metabolic changes.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
This. And the one above. 👆🏼
Kermit and Miss Piggy
Old people
I love the montage during that HR episode so much
Bro. Not cool.
Newspapers
Heavy footsteps on the second floor, like they rushing from one room to the other. I went up there to see if there was anyone. All rooms checked and even the attic. No one.  Had some friends over and some of them told me that my roommate should be quieter when walking. I told them I had roommate and I always hear it but since it was creepy but doesn't harm me I just let it.
Well you make valid points. And after all comedy is subjective, can't really tell anyone to laugh at jokes, well maybe if you're dictator, but still doesn't mean they're funny jokes. But for example now the Dave Chappelle special Netflix stuff is everywhere. I'm with Dave, I think he made some good points, made some jokes about stuff, and mainly he told a joke about his, now dead, transgender friend, and I truely truely believe, that she would have laughed at that joke he told. Because like Dave put it, she was a comedian too. I see no limits, usually tough things are told by comedy. That's why we had court jesters. I mean, they went too far sometimes too, but comedy is always pushing the boundaries. "Clean" comedy, is boring comedy. But anyways maybe I'm a too old for this "new world", too jaded and angry. I don't know, but one point I still want to make is summarised pretty well in this clip:    [Stephen Fry on American vs British Comedy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k2AbqTBxao)    I grew up with British comedy, maybe that's the difference, because I hate to say it, but most of the people supporting utter nonsense are from the US...
Late 2000's, I know I could very easily kidnap younger me, don't know what I would do after that, it was a spur of the moment decision. Now I'm tied up in the back of my van talking to myself about the TV show "Lost". Stockholm Syndrome sets in surprisingly fast. I give myself some sound advice, tell myself which friend to ditch, convince myself to make a move on my crush even though I know it will probably end in disaster. No one believes me that I was kidnapped. Make a comment on a askreddit post implying it's all a joke.
Afghanistan
I told this girl I loved her. I knew her already for like a few days but, you know.  She was a single dime and I wanted to change that.
pirates of the caribbeans: the black pearl in my aßß
The dead hand game
My biology teacher taught us that in 95' or so...
Training day in my ass.
Seems like every day I got a little older.
like a finger
The last movie I watched was Con Air so… pretty bad
Mustard pre-cum?
Yeah he said that, but he'll onlymaybe get covid, if he gets the vaccine he'll definitely get the same Parkinson’s chances
Didn't realize you meant syrup. I was trying to imagine how boning a chocolate bar would work
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your post was removed as it looks like you're asking a "Would you rather" question!  These types of questions are [not allowed](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) in AskReddit. You may resubmit this question to /r/wouldyourather. Thanks!  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Humans taste like chicken. But have to know how to cook them proper.
The Evil Dead in my Ass  Same plot but the "tree rape"" scene is an inch or two lower.
Dude, Where’s My Car? In My Ass.
Both hands are doing ‘trick stuff’.
Aliens in my ass.
When we die, our hair and fingernails keep growing for a while and get longer.
Perhaps the Dalai Lama.
Just download brave... It will block ads
Marshmallow gin tho …
Anything from the anti-marijuana campaign in early 1900's U.S.
An orb took a piss in your yard?
I never said I wasn’t the bad guy
I thought pinching a loaf is when you can’t get it all out so you just pinch off whatever is already out, clean yourself and finish up later
I'm blind. Here are some I've used that might not work as well for other people:  "They wanted me to enter a clinical study for a new surgery that might be able to restore my sight. I turned it down, though. It's not worth it if I have to see *you* again."  The other one requires some context. Someone was using me to passive-aggressively send messages to the rest of a group, because they're 'not talking to them anymore'. This went on for a whole year.  Eventually, I said "I've figured out why you only want to talk to me. You must be as ugly on the *outside* as you are on the *inside*! I understand now! It's hard to have a conversation when everyone around you is vomiting constantly. "
I argue with clouds and yell at kids on my damn lawn!
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood in my ass... Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me in my ass.... The Perks of Being a Wallflower in my ass... The Intern in my ass... Goodfellas in my ass....
The freaking ads! I remember when YouTube didn’t have ads. It was great. Now 1/2 way through a music video, two 15 second, unskippable ads pop up! So infuriating.
Just not on a flaccid dick though right? Erect is a whole new ball game
You good op?
But in the majority of US states, the age of consent is 16 or 17, only a small handful have 18. So how do you square that with your argument? Just curious; not advocating for anything.
The knowledge that none of this matters anyway.
Im under 30 and own a home
Terminator 2 is an obvious one.  Robin Hood: Men in Tights still good
Downton abbey ( w bridgerton) and if tou wanna get technical then upstairs downstairs which da was inspired by and took a lot from
Largely depends on the type of partner. Coming from another partner at my law firm… I don’t know. Gotta think about that.
Definitely not public schools, but whatever for private schools.   Overall, I’m against them. I feel that it gets ride of individualism during a very formative part of a child’s life.
I'd do that.
Me seeing this post but knowing it is posted during NNN:  *It's a trick. Send no reply.*
Shove open the coffin lid.
The Blues Brothers in my ass. Plot is self explanatory
Ricky Gervais. He seems like a nice fellow normally but his humor is just not funny at all.
So kind of like the EU or the US? Well they’ve got the population to be a powerhouse and the natural resources are there. I think they could be incredibly powerful as an economic bloc.
Guy Fieri gets a lot of shit for his looks and TV persona, but from everything I’ve ever heard about him he is a genuinely awesome and kind guy who takes very good care of everyone who works for him or with him.
Fucking LeBron James
When harry met sally in my ass  A chance encounter between two graduates culminates in a short-term friendship. But when fate brings them back together five years later in a threesome, they are forced to deal with how they feel about each other, and my ass.
In my case, we were married for several years. It was not a planned pregnancy, thus the surprise. She was on BC, but in this case it was no match for my swimmers.
thanks for the reply :)
I’d never feel good enough for sure
Gotham
Why! So! Serious!
Feels like ears are easier to bite through than finger bones
Well… in Finland they are free to anyone who needs them. I guess this is a big problem in countries that doesn’t have free healthcare, thought.
lol
Wow! She was a total piece of shit wasn't she, and fraud too. Her Oscar should be taken back posthumously.
Thank you mate for positive vibes
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Is this r/anarchychess ?
Payday loans
Some fibre may help cereal, bran etc., also yoghurt may be worth a try.
JFK Jr will be running with Trump in the next election
I got a 15m roll of 8mm flex tape
Username checks out
Contacted my ex.
Carpet
You’re not welcome
I totaled my car when it lost traction in a very heavy rainstorm, and it wound up spinning around, bouncing between the center cement divider and the guard rail and utility poles on the right shoulder of a highway. Both ends of the car were caved in, as well as the sides, so I had to climb out the window of the car because the doors wouldn't open. The steering wheel was bend backward from when I was holding it so tight when the car hit the pole going backwards. When the next car to arrive from behind finally caught up to me, I was already out of the car, standing on the side of the road, and the driver of that car asked me if the driver of my car was still stuck in the car; when I told him that I was the driver, he said, 'You're kidding, right?'.  Same when the cops and ambulance rolled up. No one could believe that I was able to walk away from it, much less even be alive. The car was a 1981 Pontiac Bonneville. That car saved my life. My only injuries were a sprained wrist and a cracked bone in my foot, but it wasn't even cracked all the way through. I did feel really sore all over when I woke up the next day, though. No air bags back then, only seat/shoulder belts.
Yes, but why?
thanks for the reply :)
tangled in my ass
And Americans are forced to eat tree bark because there's no food
Idk man, I think it’s kinda lazy and easy to say that they’re the same.
"Intelligent" you meant to say
Yeah I'll buy my dream laptop and start a freelancing business
My sisters are twins.  One of them was put under anesthesia. At the same time my other sister back at home fainted. Just a minute later my father called, that the OP started.  What a weird connections twins can have.
Because soccer is boring as hell but to be fair so are all of our sports.
[Dog of Wisdom](https://youtu.be/D-UmfqFjpl0)? [Charlie the Unicorn](https://youtu.be/CsGYh8AacgY)? [Ultimate Dog Tease](https://youtu.be/nGeKSiCQkPw)? [Neature Walk](https://youtu.be/Hm3JodBR-vs)?
We’re in the news for all the wrong reasons
people still genuinely believe all North Koreans have to have certain haircuts
What a pain in the ass
thanks for the reply :)
Guns. Freedom. Longhorns. WE BEAT ALABAMA!!!!!!  cookouts by professionals. We got em big YALL!  Gas is cheaper here than most. Drink baby drink.  We brand the !@#% outta our cattle. Pre cooked beef.
Jim Jeffrey
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Pakistan
2
I know a guy who legitimately tries to "debate" me on his belief that the Nazi Party were far left.  I call him an idiot and just don't engage anymore but then he sends those cringe Ben Shapiro "facts don't care about your feelings" gifs and it's just so ironic because the only reason he thinks the nazis were leftist is because he's right wing and in his warped mind anything he disagrees with must therefore be left and he will do as much mental gymnastics to make that belief happen.
We were not prepared enough for cops
Their legs makes me sick
The Princess Bride  The Cabin in the Woods
A steering wheel
passengers in my ass. the asteroid’s not the only thing they hit
Keep calling over this girl with a fine booty that's kinda crazy.  No matter how much time has passed she always comes over.  She won't shut up about narcissists and focuses on negative things. Everytime she spends the night I remember why I shouldn't have called.
How do you feel about dogs that really like chasing cats?
This isn’t quite as wild as some of the stories in this thread, but here’s mine:  My GF in college lived in the same complex as me and we’d regularly link up. She was into dressing up, living out fantasies, etc. One evening, we decided it would be exciting to have sex on the balcony. The apartment was on the 2nd floor and overlooked a small parking area and then just undeveloped woods behind that, so we did have privacy. We weren’t trying to get caught, so we had the lights off in the apt as to not be backlit. We do our thing fairly quietly until things start heating up. She kept her moaning down to a minimum but there wasn’t much we could do about the slap of her shapely cheeks every time I thrust against them. This goes on for a little while until she quietly asks me to finish on her face. We cap off the night, shower and go to bed.  Next day, I see our middle aged neighbor who lives below me. She was a super nice English lady who baked us cookies and always said hello. I say hi and wave as I walk to my car while she is coming the other direction back to the apartments. She looks me straight in the face, with this grin that will forever be etched in my memory… and says “you and your girlfriend certainly know how to have some fun… I’d recommend not taking it outdoors though love cuz I read on my balcony on most nights and there’s a few folks who walk their dogs by here.”  Then she smiles, wishes me a good day and walks to her door. I walk to my car in total shock as I realized our sweet, amazing neighbor sat a few feet away while I took the GF to pound town… she never mentioned it again thankfully.
A good gaming pc
thanks for the reply :)
One has to respect your technological wit though.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There was a post I saw from a few years ago written by a woman who lived in a camper with her family. She said that the whole family always knew when her son was jacking off because he would rock the whole camper. I choose to believe that she is the mother of OP lol.
?
Holy shit I watched that video!  They were saying the Americans were so grateful for their snow coffee because they're so poor.  Then they showed a clip of North Koreans handing out real coffee to us as humanitarian aid.
The fact she fell asleep before he got there just tells me he should’ve ran faster lmao
Sex
Why do salt an vinegar potato chips make my mouth peel?
Idk about favorite but i got super competitive in ultimate ninja storm 4. I was shooting up those rankings
YouTube kids making it impossible to watch disney songs in mini screen. Also, no comments to scroll through.
Its your fate , its inevitable.
I gave my ex a nude for a Minecraft Villager.
r/weed
Comfort, support, and to tell you the hard truths while also being your cheerleader. Private jokes and secrets. Laughing until you can't breathe, making fun of each other and general shenanigans.
thanks for the reply :)
😲🥺🥰😜😏😵‍💫😘
Eating. Is easy I’ve done 6 days no eating. But water. You’ll die without water after a few days.
You may find [this particular Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairy_chess_piece#List_of_fairy_chess_pieces) interesting...
God damnit
thanks for the reply :)
My ex wife.
Kids
I stream CoD on Twitch to my 9 followers and me and my buddies play airsoft every weekend so I'm pretty sure the commies don't stand a chance.
12
Thanks for positivity
The Fly
thanks for the reply :)
Harrison Jones in WoW. I’m just a big Indiana Jones/Harrison Ford fan.
Dumb depending on what your religious views are, but watched porn (multiple times) in the basement of a church on their computer when I was 10-12 ish.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Anything QAnon related.
I was gonna do that sooner or later anyway.
Collaborate and listen - Ice T
sooo... sloooow....
Same here on the phone. Used Samsung for a good while. On OnePlus 5 and looking to upgrade. Annoyed that a model year later has Android auto
Ahhh okay. I legit thought it was a handprint and it made the story so much horror.
12 Monkeys In My Ass
Warning, tactical nut deployed
the white pieces immediately surrender
I feel left out for the right reason
Easier if can just smoke some weed and forget about food lol
Smoke weed and get happy again.
Malpractice
That’s one way to explain no game no life. Mine would be pretty incest bait.
Be around friends, go to parties, don't hide from everyone and everything. After a while you will start to enjoy things again. When you are able to feel good again you can start trying new things and focusing on stuff you always wanted to do. I personally went back to tafe and met some of the best friends of my life. If you end up wanting another relationship the opportunity will come with the new experiences and new relationships you develop while living your life.
Go on with my life and hope that my country elects an Yogurt as well 2 years later, probably will be better off
My dad works in networking at Wells Fargo. Just before COVID hit an new manager was put into place. This manager basically tried to make everyone come back into the office buildings because it would "improve productivity." They tried this and productivity dropped. Then COVID hit and people had to start working from home again and productivity went back up. The annoying part is there is literally no reason for my dad to go into the office. All the people he works with are in different parts of the US. He would be doing exactly the same thing except he would have to make an hour long commute to and from the office through really bad traffic so it would end up being more than an hour one way. I've seen this manager while my dad was on video calls and he has one of, if not the most, punchable faces I have ever seen.
The NZ one is up there with the UK one I think, maybe even better.
They’re not making it up.
Well this is Europe and my mother doesn’t hunt so no firearms. We used to have a dog though but this was after she died.
Alan Rickman - Snape
Not personally told, but I've read a webcomic reviewer's comment about a fictional character who was allegedly a 'nice guy'. It hurt.
That's why my favourite is his Independence Day score. It's seriously underated. Probably one his most unique.
You're ego is depressing and disgusting. The worst part is you're being yourself. If you decided to "be better" it be obvious you'd be trying. You feel ingenuine no matter what
Mobile Youtube.
Basic table manners.
I just saw the trailer over the weekend! No one will watch it with me!
Pancakes 🥞
Also, mushrooms grow on dead things. Spoooooky.   And gross. Mostly gross.
When I would be taken to my dad's workplace, I was left in the breakroom. One of his coworkers left the first season of DragonBall in there and I would constantly watch when I was there.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I would often give my boyfriend blowjobs or sometimes even have full blown sex in an empty room at school during lunch. His friends and my friends all knew without us saying anything. There was a rumor going around school that we fucked during lunch. We denied it and people believed us. One time the superintendent walked in and we got dressed one second before he saw us. He yelled at us to go class and we never got in trouble. Life goes on. No one knows we fucked in the empty classroom during lunch.  To be fair, that room did have adjustable mood lighting.
That's for proving my point . Now stop wasting oxygen that someone with a functioning brain might need later.
Yeah its quite funny in hindsight that he was just squirming around on the ground. He was also scared of my roommate, a soft-spoken guy that's 5'2, and he'd stop in his tracks if I pointed out that he touched something that belonged to my roommate. Also that ex lied about his hight, which is such a weird thing to lie about. I guess he thought I wouldn't notice because I use a wheelchair? He said he was 6'2 but when standing next to my roommates boyfriend who's actually 6'2 it's clear that somethings off. I don't understand lying about easily verifiable things like that. He'd also lie in a racist, mysoginistic, and homophobic type way that perpetuated some nasty stereotypes. On the internet he constantly makes posts that are like "as a black man I think BLM is evil" and also "I think straight cis white guys are the most oppressed". I found his reddit account while we were dating and he was lying about the severity of my disability or saying that I was dead. Like damn that's low, exaggerating someone else's disability to get sympathy. He'd be saying my legs were "useless" while I was in physical therapy strengthening them lmao. At least I can laugh at all that nonsense   There's no need to feel guilty talking about your own problems. Whatever you are going through, mental or physical is still important, and doesn't become any less important if somebody has it "worse". Anything that's not our baggage almost always seems worse than what we're dealing with because we've become acustom to it.
Mine didn't know until this March and that man stuck it in *everything*. 😳
The cube in my ass.    The cube.... Is in my ass
Hysterical sex and the city
They made a US version?
Is R. Kelly too obvious?
I upgraded to cochlear implants. Solved nearly all my problems.
The fact that Hitler did bad things. I mean, c'mon man!
*To experience absolutely everything that interests me*
Now you see me in my ass
Joel McHale is often funny, but I really don't think the guy can act.
Reminds me of a joke I used to tell back in the day:  Why does divorce cost so much?  Because it’s FUCKING worth it!!!
Run, Lola, Run... in my ass.
Let's change that: Atheism is an absence of theism. There. Now you know everything there is to know about atheism.
Trebuchet, and ball bearings.
Participate in some NSFW activities this afternoon, hang out at a friend's house tonight, church tomorrow morning, and maybe hang out with more friends tomorrow afternoon/night.
Firearms safety
And yet google is approximately 3 inches from this text. Lots of people love to have strong opinions about that which they do not know.
Working both days, but only for an hour today and 2 hours tomorrow - and I’ll make around $450.
I started professionally acting.   Whole lot of roles for creeps, but also goofy dad so....
The Empire Strikes Back in My Ass
I drove an entire hour just for him to finish in under 2 minutes 🙄
>! A video of a 12yrold girl hanging herself !< I seen it on Facebook and it took 2 weeks for them to take it down. The video is still easily accessible online
Take a piss
thanks for the reply :)
Kung-Pow!: Enter the Fist In My Ass
And I also understand your point. And I agree to an extent. There are assholes everywhere, so there must be asshole landlords. The problem (as always) is a little big more complex. It involves mainly government regulations and taxation. Combine that with people afraid to lose their land, and in need of money, you have the perfect soup to make someone not care about anything, even their tenants.
Yo Mama's ass
My own brand
WHAT?!? Like all cheesecake? Do you like cream cheese?
See, if you're in the woods and come across a cougar...
Men In Black In My Ass
"I don't feel the same for you." Hurts like hell in the moment, but after that goes away, you realize that it saved you a lot of further hurt by avoiding a bad relationship.
Hmm, occasionally I build houses online in a game, and they can be artistic sometimes.
Nothing my parents said haunts me
For some reason i envisioned a fucking lisa frank safari......
None. If it brings you joy, do it.
Shrek in my ass
Everything mentioned is sourced in the description
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries
Chicago. Not a bad place if you stay out of the murdery areas.
FBI came knocking?
thanks for the reply :)
Reverse cowgal!   Letting her enjoy herself & getting a view of the arse.
Did anyone suggest The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly... in my ass?   For A Few Dollars More...
If you only see one movie this year, you really should get out more
My balls would shrivel to raisins. I would be very sad.
thanks for the reply :)
Nooope.  My dad has predicted that "things are going to go crazy next week" a few dozen times over the last 20 years with it never being true but he still thinks he's enlightened and I'm a sheep
A prison rape survival story.
"Age is just a number"-mini ladd
Soap up the dick when i was like 10
Loved the UK version!
As a female Punjabi woman, I remember watching her on YouTube growing up and thinking she was great...it was just nice to finally see some representation. Someone pretty popular looking like me. Her videos also back in the day had some good messages, they felt down to earth and genuine. I remember the series of her with her grandad. But as she got bigger I don't know if it was an ego thing? Craving more? Whatever it was, it was her demise. Such a shame, was really rooting for her and her success. Hope she takes a step back and reconsiders her approach
thanks for the reply :)
That’s a pretty smart way to look at it ngl
Yes, cuz I feel the lesser of two evils is Trump  They’re both terrible, idk why it’s being made out any different
A while ago
Absolutely not. What if I'm the only one who does it. It'd be awfully lonely.
Age
Doesn’t matter had sex!
I was camping alone in the middle of the plains in North Dakota. A storm blew in and I was stuck in my tent under some trees and got a super strange feeling. I had two phones on me at the time, one had internet and was for navigating and the other was just for cell reception (2013). All of a sudden, one of the phones starting ringing and I looked at the caller ID, the call was coming from my other phone which was closed and in my hand.
thanks for the reply :)
TREE NUTS. it’s so gross when it’s in cakes, cookies, pies, etc it just ruins it 🤢 unnecessary flavorless chunks lol
*gestures at the world around me* wtf were you thinking?
Taken from Real Genius... "Can I name my son after you? Dickweed (Insert last name) has a nice ring to it."
"America is the best country in the world"
Dodgeball in my ass
thanks for the reply :)
Emily
Animals in northern California that should not be there
Grease in my ass
No I’m not offering but there’s a hold in one of the outdoor sheds at my homedepot where interested parties go.    I like the gagging ladies though. Maybe not the vomit but her putting in effort beyond her gag reflex is wholesome and encouraging.
> The political classes on the left have been playing identity politics  Are they? I haven't seen that.  What I do see is the right literally calling themselves the identitarian movement, and basing all their politics around their imagined white identity.  If any ody is doing identity politics, its the right.   Leftism is literally about not giving a shit about identity and treating everybody equally.  > A Labour mp in the U.K. recently had to apologise for calling Johnson “Tory scum.”  Shame she conceded to right wing cancel culture and apologised. The tories are scum. As evidenced by the policies they enact which always ending up hurting vulnerable people.  Don't enact scummy policies, don't get called scum. Ez pz  > Labour voted in Corbyn who’s extreme left policies nearly tore the party apart.  Unfortunately most of the UK has been deeply indoctrinated by Murdoch propaganda, which has shifted the Overton window.  Extreme left policies? Half a century ago those policies would have been considerate moderate left wing positions.  > The far left worshipped him but every ordinary person saw him for what he was, a champagne socialist, antisemitic toff  A man that has dedicated his entire life to fighting for what is just, and has never said or done an anti semitic thing.  Again, you're just parroting propaganda.   > the American left  Does not exist, they have a far right party, a centre right corporatism party, and a few liberals mingling around on twitter calling themselves left, and only getting away with it because any actual leftist movement there got assassinated by the fbi decades ago.  If I eat the left Twix, the left half of the other Twix doesn't suddenly become the left one by virtue of its absence.
If you managed to hike out there for shits and giggles don’t you think someone who needed shelter might be able to hike out there too?   Shockingly, they may have been out there so that people would leave them alone  Or, possibly, maybe it was some other kids who had made themselves a little hideout away from adults. My friends and I certainly did that often enough.
thanks for the reply :)
Jennifer hysterical sex Hewitt
Free Guy. It's Ryan Reynolds so it'd only be weird for them
In general, speedlimits and other drivers.   I mean Speedlimits and the obsessive police enforcing of them would time better spent on catching people who drive aggressively/dangerously than by fining me for going 10% over the limit on a clear day with no traffic. But catching "speeders" is easy and brings their ratio's up so it looks like they do a good job..
A good water bottle.
I've had people try to argue that abortion is a great form of birth control.... Those people make me want to hit them.
Cause the system works for elites only
Joe Biden is a Satanist Communist pedophile
Sat on the toilet for too long
That capitalism works
She hysterical sexes you yeah yeah yeah
thanks for the reply :)
(To put into perspective, I'm 17)  When I was young(er) (Ima have to say like 5/6/7) I obviously had a wii like everyone else in the world, but a game I remember loving getting the chance to play was some Ratchet And Clank game on my uncle's ps2, It amazed me at a young age and definitely marks as one of the first games I remember playing!
Typo, editing it out now.
I put it on the same level of bad as "The Room" it's gone full circle to become "ironically bad by accident."
my GF from 35 years ago went to school (Wauwatosa East or West, I forget) with a guy who OFTEN wanked in her math class. Dont think anyone ever asked him to stop, got him in trouble, or anything. He got drafted into the NBA after graduation. Name was Tony something. I dont follow basketball, but he was kinda famous. Oh, i just looked him up. Tony Smith.
Holes in my ass
It's both chaotic and orderly at the same time.
I legit wonder if there will be a mass suicide of Q people that just continue to distort their perception of reality to the point that it would make sense in their conspiracies.
thanks for the reply :)
Bit cliche’
When I compared myself with you
Most of Marvel and Disney shit nowadays
Girls und Panzer der Film in my ass.  Well, that explains a few things. Lol
Good lord this place is young sometimes.
Keanu Reeves ❤
thanks for the reply :)
I think for most people, at least here in the U.S., we would love to work from home but there's no possible way to do so in our careers.
Oh lol I’ve done that twice but the second one is going on to the 5th year
That I live in Brooklyn, drink green tea, and don’t wash my hair
Marlon Brando... Pretty much all of his roles.  Nicole Kidman as Virginia Wolfe in The Hours.  Shelly Duval as Wendy Torrence in The Shining. She went through hell and back to portray the character, so  Dustin Hoffman as Benjamin Braddock in The Graduate. Anne Bancroft as Mrs Robinson as well. She's only six years older than Hoffman, but was able to play the MILF character a little too well.  Not very well known, but Tim Roth, Garry Oldman, and Richard Dreyfuss in Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead.  Hmm. I just realised that all of these actors are white.
Small soldiers in my ass
Activated charcoal.
thanks for the reply :)
That being religious has anything to do with being a good or trustworthy person
Why do you care? Is there a difference between white on black ?
Bug
Lost my job last year due to covid, now I make candles at home full time.
A see monster are my ice cream
Definitely uploaded to an Animal Crossing island I could live in for eternity in pure relax.
Everything out of that man's mouth is garbage.  He's done significantly more damage to this country than Trump. He's just been quieter about it.  Moscow Mitch for Prison 2022.
thanks for the reply :)
The first two were not good enough for me to see the third.  That opinion was formed on my own.
Pulp fiction
Same here.
Top Gear and I don’t think it’s even close. Faust, Rutledge, and Ferrara weren’t even close to the chemistry that May, Clarkson, and Hammond had. OG Top Gear had shit like the Vietnam episode that could go down as one of the best episodes in of TV in the modern era.
Nothing since there is no room for them.
thanks for the reply :)
They get to cancel the pieces that aren't woke enough.
Cat food.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The ideal city I would think doesnt have car traffic. That is not needed in a city. We have all kind of electric things like bikes, kickbickes that can take you short distances. Electric busses, trams and subway can transport you longer distances.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Honey I shrunk the kids in my ass
Cottage cheese
Men in black in my ass
thanks for the reply :)
probably like a slave or something
Lord of the rings in my ass. It does have a nice "ring" to it!
Exactly. Physics man, physics.
I think I'm getting a clue... Oh yeah, I've got a raging clue right now.
Give Michelle Wolf a try. Not the White House correspondents' dinner, but her standup, like Joke Show. She tours with Dave, so if you like him, there should be some crossover.
I was Wack.  Leader of Rage, in FFA.    I often wonder what came of the players I spent so much time talking to.   They were a large part of my daily life for years then nothing.
https://youtu.be/llKiTvpnvzM
We really didn’t have a say in that but I agree
thanks for the reply :)
“I accept you”.
I think they mean a "gate" - 2 tall columns on the sides with a cross beam on top, typically (always?) painted red.
I've heard of war driving, but never cum driving.
thanks for the reply :)
Humans are different, whilst we still typically gravitate based on evolutionarily desirable traits we have  much more complex personalities than other animals that factors in far greater than simple evolutionary choice.
People
Black list
We, I don’t know if I’d say anything was really special. Most of my friends lived pretty close by and everything I needed was less than 5 miles away. It wasn’t too often I’d have to go any further than that.   I will say this though, I never really had a big sense of community. I had a friend from a smaller town around an hour away and one time I went out to visit him, I was surprised to see that he knew practically everyone. In the suburb, I didn’t even know everyone in my graduating class.
The pilot episode for an American version of *Red Dwarf* has precisely one good joke in it, and it's delivered by Robert Llewellyn.
Maple syrup covered mooses on a poutine mountain eh
I've already posted a link of his actual laugh. It's a reply to someone who replied to my comment
It would help a little with my taxes.
Puppy hysterical sex
You look like how wet clothes feel.
thanks for the reply :)
Car.
Go to switzerland
12 angry men in my ass.
I read "reacts and blacks out" and had some questions
We could edit those same movies, add a new score, and turn them into heavy dramas.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qo0dtk/if_you_ever_got_rped_what_did_you_think_of_it/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Make more money. I’m not rich but earn enough to pay for conveniences like food pick up, closer parking, apartment closer to work so that my commute is shorter, etc.
Orange juice and tooth paste
Spider if there was a non poisonous spider and a lion next to it I'd be more scared of the spider
I'm not sure why I keep biting on an obvious troll trying to make a reductio ad absurdum argument but it says keep and bear. If you can't keep and bear(aka carry), it follows that you can't have the right to keep and bear if you can't keep an bear it.
oh i didn’t see that thanks
I think you mean *who* is the dumbing thing I’ve done out of horniness
"Limited Series."
thanks for the reply :)
Damn thanks for the silver stranger
4chan
Just saw this on Facebook, targeted to single mothers: *You’re not a mother and father at the same time. You’re a woman exploited by men’s privilege of being able to procreate and disappear*   The generalization alone, along with the knowledge of how many moms keep their children away from their fathers unjustly and how the post basically dismissed widows just made me think that the guy who posted it is either not very bright or has daddy issues so serious that he even lost his critical thinking skills.
I had to Google him.
”Wore”, so you don’t wear them anymore? Why is that? And yeah, its the clarity of the speech that is key.
BBC alert
It's the vehicle thats taxed, not the person.   Literally every other road going vehicle is required to pay road tax for the privilege of using said road.   Also, grandma in her honda pays her tax, she has paid for her usage.
They Live
I'm a member of several online communities surrounding my interests and work. There's always someone to talk to, day or night.
thanks for the reply :)
Hysterical sex actually. With Huge Granted.
I nutted I'm a Lego box by using the cardboard as a Fleshlight
literally make me gag when I eat them
Absolutely. I’d be able to pay for my cat to get surgery he needs now instead of waiting to save up.
Life is Strange, what a beautiful game.
Mean girls in my ass.
Is it meant to be warmed?
Dropping out of community college and going to basically a trade school.
Islam is a peaceful religion
You are as useful as Anne franks drum set
Hook in my ass
I can easily hum a Zimmer tune, and I actually have some of his scores get stuck in my head more often than Williams, but I know I am an outlier. I wasn't trying to discount Williams at all, and I acknowledge that he has had a bigger impact than any other movie composer. I was just saying we shouldn't forget that there are lots of other insanely talented composers, many of which most people will recognize music from even if they can't connect the name to the piece.
Thanks, good information, I will learn about it.
War of the worlds in my ass.
4k salty redranks
Allergic reaction
Never gonna run around and desert you
Oklahoma
I was working so it was shit.
I go into the office a few times a month, coordinated with several of my teammates because we’ve always had good working relationships. Otherwise, I’m glad I get to work 100% remote. It was bumpy at first, but after almost two full years, we’ve leapt over the hurdles and have almost become more efficient than we were previously! All while no longer commuting, and not working more hours.
1+1 in my ass
its existence
But why do you say them in the first place?
Hysterical sex on the brain
Call my ex
The first season was butchered.  But they learned from that and made it their own instead of translating the British script.
Kisses my crush’s good friend, twice with different People
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The only american version of any show i like better is Wilfred, everything else ive seen (including The Office) wasn’t on par with the original imo
Jack Daniels + bike + hill + gravity
Rob Snyder is another that is not funny at all. He went on tour with Sandler right before Covid stuff and it was painful to sit there and listen to his attempt at comedy.
It the Bible, God sent bears to devour some people. I can only send the [M.B.](https://zhalindor.com/user/david/MBCfY.gif)
Life On Mars
Avocado
They’re fine, although I was banned a few times because my actions were interpreted as the rules violations, even though I’ve never meant them to be that way
Not if my mum cooked it I bet. Cooked to a dry, grey powdery bit of leather with tubes in.
When my mother died.  The sadness and hollowness I felt was beyond anything I had imagined
Yeah all aboard the apathy train 🚂🚂😅😢😭😭
Sweet home, Alabanana
I think it's just a thing people say as they get older but it's not the reality. Some friends that are just "too busy" all the time but can recommend half a dozen shows on Netflix.
"she did it"
This reminds me of the time my pc broke so I wrote an entire 5 page story to let me get there
Underrated
Or profoundly stupid. Having money, success, acting talent or fame doesn't mean you understand science, don't fall for bullshit or don't be batshit insane or stupid.  As we can observe from the examples of highly educated anti-vaxxers who don't benefit financially from the bullshit they spread.
The Cummy
Not a remake per se, but whatever that American version of Sherlock Holmes was
Wait until a week after current gen flagships release and get a refurbed last gen.
Weird Al
There's irony in your response. In the hypothetical seeking out ignorance to troll it is a waste of time and is its own pathology that could be examined for its avoidance behavior from other things unrelated to vaccines or covid.
A picture of a woman executed by the cartels then put on a spit, like a pig, and roasted over a fire.
Why can’t this be hysterical sex
Ant-Man: In My Ass.        A Thanos Story
The Fifth Element In My Ass  Same storyline, but Leeloo's fart is the greatest weapon against evil.
Leave the house, grab a gun, shoot some commies.
i will never not laugh at fart stories
Interesting question. My cousin is a millionare and we're planning on reselling her products (frozen goods) so a 1000$ could buy us vehicles (even e bike would do), two refrigerator, and ofcourse frozen goods.
They do. They suck blood.
Hysterical sex me tender
I love my hair. As a kid I absolutely hated it. I'm black and it is beyond curly. Now I'm an adult and I love having gigantic curly ringlets. I look like a fluffy cloud. And as silly as it sounds (and other black women may not agree with it) but as long as you ask, I really don't mind hair touching. It's flattering! Someone else thinks my hair is magical too! And people usually have the biggest smile after touching my hair.
I’ve been assured that aborted fetuses are.
You are the human equivalent of a used q-tip.
Larry the cable guy
Nazi Germany was more liberal
“It’s only for 2 weeks”
I admire you
Just don't die lol
Morphine.
Not good odds, I wish you the best my man. A stoic outlook has always helped me. Im looking at 50% chance of huntingtons disease. A little better odds than what you're facing, but its still messed with my head.  Lol, I really need to buy a philosophy book on it.
Ghost rider has to be up there.
Ninja's, what else
Honestly it probably needs more rules and better monitoring. Some subs are borderline psychotic.
Pet him duh
They're thieves...  I guess what I think about them from a moral perspective depends on the circumstances. If they're stealing food or medicine because they can't afford it in order to take care of the family, I don't support it but I understand it. I think there are social changes that need to happen so they don't have to steal things.   If they're stealing things they don't need (electronics, fashion items, etc.), or they have money but like the thrill of it, they're assholes.
Incense
"what doesn't kill you will almost invariably ravage you and leave you greatly diminished, weak enough so that it, or whatever may come upon you next, quite certainly will." It doesn't really have the "live laugh love" ring to it though does it?
He might have used a fan, multiple blades and all sounded like a good idea
2 part question.... Do people in heaven really watch us masturbate.....and why?
My face in the mirror
" If i wanted, i'll abandon you but i didn't because i'm a good father."  Now i feel guilty all the time.
Dr. Strange-Hysterical-Sex
"Read history."
Goodfellas in my ass.   Prison rape trauma survival story.
Watching tv in an apartment that for some reason was all beige, even the couch I was on. I was drinking an orange Fanta when from the hallway a figure that I could only recognize as a demon walks out. It points to me and says "You will die." I take a sip from my drink and it suddenly tastes like blood. Run past the demon, into the bathroom and spit out blood into the sink. I look up into the mirror and I see myself, blood pouring out of my eyes and mouth with a creepy smile on. All the while the demon is laughing.  It was the first time I ever woke up so scared that I started crying.
The story I heard is that OK is the code for "zero kills" in a war zone. In other words, no casualties, everything is good.
Sent dick pics to a friends sister.  Yes yes, I know. It was all in the heat of the moment.
Troy in my ass  Plot: A mythological greek gay porno
It's not what you say but how you say it
No problem! Not saying you need to know every detail about celebrities but maybe avoiding references to stranger’s loved ones is a good habit to develop. Just a thought!
OOF... We all felt that my guy....
Lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring in my ass.
Going more than 8 hours to another country by train just for it to be the woooooooorst s*x I ever had and will ever have lol
Feathers:  Someone who likes their naked body lightly touched all over with fluffy ostrich feathers as sexual foreplay.
"She's overreacting and sensitive "  The time when I was depressed 💔
My oldest brother influenced me.
Flat earth, holocaust denial, COVID being a hoax, Jews controlling the world. Don't want to give any idiot who believes these the time of day
Not heard, but read. Keep in mind, this all comes from one... community...   I'm honestly not sure which is better... or worse...  1) "We are on a sphere flying at thousands of kilometers per hour, and you don't believe god doesn't use his strength to keep us on it?"  2) Something about dolphins.  3) "If the giraffe's neck doesn't break when it drinks from a pond, who is there to protect the giraffe from breaking its neck but god?"  4) "We came from monkeys, but monkeys are still here. Clearly, god chose us as the superior monkeys!"  Ah, judaism, don't ever change...
For how long?
Well a  massive lack on awareness on my part I admit haha. I was stood in a makeshift shelter and the light managed to get through
‘The Silver Lining’ in my ass
Sometimes childern it depends how you rais them
Yes, especially in the 1950s. My friend showed me a video on YouTube of a 1950s “message.” The gist was.... stranger danger is the gay guy on your street, so be weary.   Sauce: https://youtu.be/Rd0wCZsNqTM
Genius.
I like black olives but green olives taste sour outside of a martini
I have 3 and it’s too much. House always smells like cats and litter
I didn’t think a Greek could be the US president
Legends of the Fall in My Ass
crapping in a urinal
I've never been brave enough to even try cottage cheese but it can still fuck off!
dont worry shoving food colouring up your stinky hole makes you a unicorn
It just formed. They think when I went swimming and got swimmers ear that bacteria morphed into a tumor.
5h uh. O
I doubt WW3 will be anything like what the movies/shows/books always present so I’ll probably be just fine where I am.
Ernest saves Christmas in my ass
Life is hard sometimes it takes you from your passion and brings you a long way down.
The mandalorian in my ass
All you need is hysterical sex.
Okay, fair enough.
Exactly this. I read an article with an interview with some woman who basically said that the reason why he wasn't there must have been because it wasn't safe for him to do so. If mental gymnastics was an Olympic sport these people would blow everyone else out of the water.
It doesn’t sound like you’ve tried to negotiate with a toddler before. They have never driven so explaining to them is over their head. They just cry.
Hysterical sex fist
I mean... They didn't lie, technically
Sticks and stones will be high tech after *the event*
The sequel Predators in my ass.
Oh boy, this should be good…*sorts by controversial*
Okra.
Toy story in my ass...   Dsmmit.
Also, Plan B usually makes the woman feel really sick. Don't let anyone try to convince you that it can be used in place of condoms (which have more benefits than just preventing pregnancy) or long-term forms of contraception like the pill. Some men who think that are also policymakers, and make it harder for women to get access to actual contraception.
Shockingly, shockingly bad.
No they are corporations who's ultimate goal is to make money.
The absolute best is when they vote in things like Obamacare without reading it but exempt themselves from it. How the fuck do you propose and pass legislation but then be like no that doesn’t apply to me though.
You wished both money and a swimming Pool. But you can buy a swimming Pool with the money so its a wasted wish. Sorry my isnt that good
Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, probably.
When I discovered masturbation, I was keen to see how several things felt on my penis. Ended up humping ice, bologna, and the vacuum…
Neither. I'd swallow a shotgun blast to avoid the whole thing altogether.
I had a friend that stuck his dick in the vacuum tube lol
Just crouch and reload
It's in the Constitution.  Congress makes laws, and those laws include how much they get paid.
Cauliflower.
How to lose a guy in ten days in my ass  About a young woman whose date mysteriously disappeared for ten days. In her ass.
How did you get shit on your arm? The blood from a cut? In my head you fingered the girl and she was on the rag and shit on you.
Maybe a little bit jazzy sometimes?
Skins US was so bad.
You will be sorry I am afraid
Drazic was the man. Slide was a total abomination. Try getting through 1 episode. Seriously, try it.
One, Colin is Irish and the story took place in Ireland. Two, he's a pretty good comedic actor (see In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths) so I thought this would be a good role for him.
/r/yourjokebutworse
•Get self-help books. You can get these pretty cheaply secondhand or free at your local library. I have found the series of For Dummies books pretty helpful in this regard. I’ve found the Easy Way to Quit series, designed for smokers seeking to quit smoking, applicable to other situations for habit modification (such as hoarding in my case). And, couples counseling. A lot of the principles from couples counseling are really helpful for your relationship with yourself.  •There is an online free [course]( https://palousemindfulness.com) in Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction available.  •There are certain over-the-counter options that can act as antidepressants or stress reducers, such as St. John’s Wort or Olly supplements. If you can see a GP, they might be able to prescribe you medications if a psychiatrist is out of the question. If you can get blood work done, that can reveal if you are deficient in any vitamins that might be affecting your mental state. Taking Vitamin D or B12 supplements can be a boost.  •Hearing from others’ experiences and how they deal with it themselves. There’s so many videos about this on YouTube, reading stories, or wherever your preferred platform is.
Up my ass
Terminator - 2 in my ass  I think you can figure out the plot yourselves
And who tf is that?
For me, it was "1917".
>Those two rulings make sense though and are very different.  Sure, but in both cases a woman alleged that they consented to sex contingent on a man's willful misrepresentation and the outcome was different so there's obviously some grey area.
Okay incel
100% of presidents havent been elected by a lottery
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
white bread with marshmallow spread on it
I'd want a community in a prison. Preferably not with many of the prisoners. We just want the safety of the prison grounds. If not for the governor messing things up, I feel like the prison on The Walking Dead was the most secure place they lived at.  Everyone could lock themselves in a cell at night, so if anyone died in their sleep and rose as a zombie they couldn't eat anyone.  Helping a few zombies in the yard would make people think the place was full of zombies and that would be security from anyone trying to take it over.  There's room for many survivors to stay. So I think it would be a great community, especially if you can treasure mattresses from the surrounding homes. I can't imagine sleeping on those hard as hell bunks without a proper mattress.
Top Gear
A lot of people have avoid in their lives, and as they see many people wanting those things, they think that its gonna fill that void, so they want it too.
Mega man x.   It was the first game I remember playing with my brothers as a kid.   Pokemon diamond.   I remember saving up money from a summer job and getting a ds/pokemon diamond. While my cousin bought his ds/pearl. We had a great summer that year.   Final fantasy 9.   Because it's the greatest game created.
Fast and Furious in my ass
“Let not any one pacify his conscience by the delusion that he can do no harm if he takes no part, and forms no opinion. Bad men need nothing more to compass their ends, than that good men should look on and do nothing. He is not a good man who, without a protest, allows wrong to be committed in his name, and with the means which he helps to supply, because he will not trouble himself to use his mind on the subject.”
On his back, or her back?
yeah but how doees the 20/20 notation work?
r/notmycat   r/nowmycat    Next question.
Can’t talk now on my way to the store to get cat food, toys, litter box. Oh I need to call my vet, can they get me in today.
I think it was 5 times.
Work for a bank and sell old grandmas investment papers that will only pay off in like 20 years
They tried to Americanise Life on Mars?  How would the premise of that even work in the US?
Where was Gondor when the Westfold fell?
I don't
Cotton candy.
Once a girl gave me a hickey before we ever kissed. Then as I went in for a kiss she rejected me.
Grownups in my ass
As an artist, I thought it was an interesting art style. Also, spite, my stepdad believed that all anime was "weird" and would disown me if he knew I was watching it.
Waking up
I enjoy the East River
I can end any phone conversation at any time without saying good bye and the other end doesn’t get offended.  Also I don’t have to convey any important information but the other end just understands what I need done
We joked about that but who knows? Maybe we were over a shipwreck?
Yeah you always have to pay attention
Yeah man but, at least for me, it’s really confusing when you want to talk about a country and you write the name of the entire continent. Obviously you can interpret what it really means but it happens more often than it should. It might be obvious to USA citizens but when you live outside of the USA, and still live in America, it gets confusing, not to mention that it sounds really self centered for a country to respond by the name of an entire continent.
This one. Give it time.
Lettuce.
Beaches
My sister and I have definitely done this, but it was always just printing pictures of Dickbutt hahah
Fasting. Water only.
Yes.
My ex-wife
The Woke White Queen allows White to pass on the first move to give equity to Black pieces.
Go get your wet wipes
The Braden piece: It looks just like the king but it wanders the board aimlessly until it craps its pants
Toilet bowls every need to be long
The World’s End In My Ass  I uhhh… don’t wanna make the plot of that.
The Black Hole in My Ass
I’d masturbate in a car  What about far?  Or even near?  Yes, especially in fear  As I know  Lo and behold  That the wraith of god  Eventually, will come way harder than me   Oh shit another bod  Fuck not there too!  Now what to do with all this glue
Hysterical sex actually
Stay calm,appraise your situation,find water,shelter and try to attract attention.
I will move to an island filled indigenous people and become one with them
Annihilation in my ass
I find this reference both big and loud
I said hopefully, didn’t assume. But there’s a lot of the news focusing on government workers being forced out under vax policy.
Getting oil changes
Carlos Mencia. Dead career and joke stealing aside, even his original jokes sucked balls, and not in a good way
Amazing.
This sounds like a clever title to a educational film about the colon.
Republicans have become masters of opposition the past 20 years. Seriously, Democratic party def has its problems but all the major plans aimed at helping the American people, lowering drug prices, infrastructure, raising taxes on the ultra wealthy, ACA, Green New Deal, have all come from Dems. Republicans haven't done a damn thing to fix any problems in the past 20 years.
I had no idea a remake even existed?! Wtf
Hi there! Your post was removed because it appears to use too many capital letters.  Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), this brings unnecessary attention to the post and is a baiting device.  Please resubmit, but use proper capitalization.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
because the fake feminists write the script
Well I have specific medical training, so I’ll probably get drafted into a military hospital, which I’m fine with.
I like searching horrific ER stories where Darwin should have stepped in and in my travels I have seen photos/ videos/ and articles of several guys who have done similar and in order to free the guys I saw the ER doctors usually had to cut the nut off with a grinder or similar tool.
Ahh very true 😊
You sir are playing Subnautica wrong.
🤨📸
My favorite Texas fact: El Paso TX is closer to California than it it to Louisiana.
‘Here for a good time not a long time’ and ‘6’2 because apparently that matters 🙄’. Every other guy has this in their bio and it’s so unoriginal.
Big daddy in my ass
I second "Where the Wild Roses Grow" (Cave/Minogue)!  Very powerful!
If that mountain lion comes back it's not for food.
120 days of sodom in my ass
Fucking sore to get done, but I have big nipples.  Sore for first day, tender for a week, not sure after that cos I only got them done last week
Oysters. Straight up, Oysters
Lets say I am asked "when kids??" often
Harmed : My gf told me recently that her grandma bought her the first shot of her 21st birthday, and I just love that grandma-party energy.  Harned : Covid numbers are rising in my community. T-T
Bert Kriescher
Betty White.  She is a national treasure.
I mean, we have [Once Bitten](https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0089730/?ref_=ext_shr_lnk)
Thor: The Dark World in my ass
Yes we ocassiaonally do, you have been nothing but condescending and biased. I don't know about you but I am in no set position about this. I have read that lemon juice apparently increases alkaline levels and that's it. This is nothing I care about, nor I apply in my own life.  So let's get the first thing out of the way. I have never talked a single second about any health benefits whatsoever of a alkaline diet. I dont even know why you bring this up? To anybody interested: People that eat alkaline diets are generally healthier, but this seem to be the effect because alkaline food in general seem to be healthier (nuts greens compared to processed food etc.) This does not work from any sorts  of external input of alkaline stuff. This should be clear to anybody. Again this was **never** the point to this conversation. (and probaly what you mean with "wellness blogs" things, but again never something I was talking about nor interested in).  Now let's get to the only thing I mentioned: Does lemon juice react alkaline in our body. To which I found this  Onto lemons and other fruits. They contain mixtures of citric acid cycleintermediates and their conjugate bases (salts of various cations:sodium, potassium, magnesium). The first ionization of citric acid isquite low, with a pKa = 3.2, so the pH of lemon is quite low (2–3) evenin the mixtures. Nevertheless, combustion of the mixture increases blood pH.  Reference: McGilvery, R. (1979) “Biochemistry: A Functional Approach,” 2nd Edition (Saunders) pp 760–1.  I checked in with a friend that studies Biochemie ( a mix of biology and chemie to work in pharma) in masters and she said that this is actually true.
Hysterical Sex in the Time of Cholera.
Ha, my company did this exact thing. They sent out an all-employee survey full of leading questions, then hired a consulting firm.  Their conclusions: "Employees want to return to the office because they feel they are more productive there and miss the ability to use the office printer. Also, our company is way behind our industry in returning our workforce to an in-office setting."  Lies, and provable lies. Not a coincidence that people have been quitting in droves.
thanks for the reply :)
Same
Because the cheese disguises the flavor.
American cheese slices
Having a huge home despite never actually being at work.
How to administer NARCAN (super easy to do,but it's good to practice prior to needing it)  Also how to sew a button. Learning to hem would be dope, but we ALL gotta be ready to fix a ripped off button.
A small price to pay for salvation
Yeah, it's nine seasons of pure, uncompromised, auteur vision. Really breathtaking in modern television.
It's a component of balance. The American political system is a bit like yin and yang. You can't have just conservatives, and you can't just have liberals. It's a negative feedback loop to make sure things don't get out of hand
Physically, exercise and stretching goes a long way. Gets the blood pumping and the gears whirring in your brain.  Mentally, I like to make a hand written list of things I can do around the house or errands I need to do. The physical act of crossing them off a list when I do them is very satisfying.
thanks for the reply :)
Petty thieves? I think they're pitiful.
define date? lol
Let them all have the freedom of being an “outdoor” cat. Make very high fines and possibly the ability to lay charges against drivers who hit them. People must clean out there litter boxes daily
The Thing in my ass!
Call of duty mobile
Ketchup
Seinfeld is hilarious! His observational humor is unparalleled.
Had sex with my ex a year after she cheated on me and it was instant regret
My ex
The only way to fix this is to change the biome in your gut. The reason you crave junk food is because the bacteria in your gut crave it. Trying to drop junk food cold turkey wont work for most people. They have to slowly change their diet over time.
r/holup
thanks for the reply :)
Not me, but my best friend failed his first motorbike test on his way back to the test centre. He saw (what he described as) a stunner of a woman and turned his head as he passed her, causing him to wobble and almost come off.
Yeah cus I know that about a celebrity I find not funny or worth looking into. Thanks for defending a strangers mothers honor I guess person.
As mechanical inventions go, the zipper is not that bad. You wanna be thrown for a loop, try the Torsen.
Jesus Christ man what a trip
thanks for the reply :)
Yours is slightly worse than mine.  +12 was apparently the highest my surgeon had had success with.
These pretzels are making me thirsty
Nightmare before Christmas in my ass
Getting my cat
thanks for the reply :)
Alright; let's look at the definition of arms.   >Instruments or weapons of offense or defense  Doesn't say anything about what you can carry.   So I want my nukes. After all, it's my constitutional right.
Whiskey dick😂😂😂😂
Back left wheel fell off four wheeler my sister was driving. She was 14 and I was 10. We both got concussions and I got a big gash on my arm and stitches. Never knew why that wheel fell off. Went driving in my own four wheeler a few weeks later with my cousin on their four wheeler.
Not only that, but water is an particularly good solvent, and one of the things it dissolves well is... oxygen. It pulls it right out of the air. Fish rely on this to breathe.
thanks for the reply :)
I do find charging exorbitant amounts for medical treatments and medicine, with barely any relation to development cost, a true perversion. Like that guy who raised the price of a banal diabetes medicine 100 times. Evil, really.
Food
I should hope not lol.
Gots to see it through, my boi
See, I don’t think that most people are evil. I think that most people have no real desire to do evil things for the sake of being evil, and they certainly don’t see themselves as evil people. However I also think that people can be very self interested, making them callous to the needs others.
Wendy's
Because people aren't robots
https://www.nytimes.com/1996/11/13/nyregion/trash-collector-dies-after-inhaling-discarded-acid.html ?
I mean, honestly I wouldn't be surprised though.  Here in Russia we have such areas in certain cities too, walking there at night is just you begging to be mugged or stabbed, as a woman, worse.  Considering the easy access to firearms in the US, it wouldn't be beyond the realm of possibility that there simply are just very dangerous areas in certain US cities (I'm thinking about gang controlled blocks at the periphery of desolate former industrial areas, and basically anywhere more isolated than a main street in the deep south as a person of color).
Carfapping?
Cat purring
I honestly believe the writers of the US version only watched the first season of the UK version while scrolling instagram on their phone. I don't understand how they Neil just a dumb stoner. Neil was a loveable idiot with a huge heart and personality.
Wait, you were the one who brought up Biden after someone mentioned trump.
I had an older gentleman told me this one. Sign up said person's address/emails to every free magazine, survey, political campaign, and news letter you can find. Perfectly harmless, but the level of confusion and inconvenience multiplies daily
Impossible to cope, we can only get temporarily drunk with mundane things.  In my case, mangas, novels, games and sleeping.
Either little cunts who just do it to cause trouble ( which is usually what happens here in most cases ) or people who have no other option and I feel genuinely bad for
Such a funny movie.
They claim the man doesn't poop.  I have a peer reviewed book to the contrary. It even has pictures.
Steve was phenomenal as Michael Scott.. What u talking about.. It's true he was meant to be exactly as David Brent in s1.. But that didn't work well.. And I'm glad it didn't cause Michael Scott is on a whole another level
Have you ever seen a public restroom?
100 years ago.  Still waiting for Pakistan to catch up on the times.  Also it was a few thousand over the course of about a hundred years, not some mass killing one day.  There are no mass graves, unless you consider cemeteries to be mass graves.
Tom Hanks
There are a few 'high adventure' camps around the country, they need seasonal employees and provide 'housing' & board for them  (it's a tent usually & not the best money but still) for a months out of the year.  When I worked at Philmont one of my co-workers said he had signed up specifically cause he had be homeless previously. They can help coordinate travel to an extent, i know for a fact they'll pick their employees up from Albuquerque if you can get there by bus or train somehow. Its a little late in the year at this point for Philmont. but you can get on the internet at a local library and look into some of the other blue sky adventure camps like Seabase and find out when they're open.
Thats it.  The channel was normally fine, I would compare it to the chinese equivalent of a morning show.  That is what made the commercials they had with the Uygurs so weird!
So this is personal?
I had a stomach flue Tuesday so i think it’s normal that my stomach is still restless the days after
Lemonade
I'm a fan and definitely resonates with a sense of shared experience.  To me it seems like it's about a girl that leaves for another guy and a hope that when she finds out this new guy is an ass that you don't give her a chance if she comes back.
thanks for the reply :)
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
thanks for the reply :)
The LOST
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qo0bh2/recently_i_saw_the_movie_crazy_stupid_love_was/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Play with my dogs and/or cat!
Wagwan piff ting, what’s your bbm pin?
I've heard that's a good movie because John Travolta plays a great Nic Cage, and Nic Cage isn't a good John Travolta so it's basically a movie with two Nic Cages and that's great
I am 5'9 & weigh under 100lbs which I already know is unhealthy
thanks for the reply :)
People are attracted attracted different types of people.
Amy Schumer
Me
When I was in a college dorm my neighbor on one side bought a fairly expensive printer with unsecure wifi. He and the neighbor across from him had beef, and neither knew me. I took a picture of the neighbor he had beef with and wrote "hello neighbor!" in that meme font on it and sent a print queue of 10k copies of it to his printer while he was in class.   Later that night I was walking down the hallway and they were beating the shit out of each other
The dark knight in my ass
Lol. It's a psychological trick?
 set up an elaborate system of cameras in the south ,force the south to secede, strip all conservatives of there citizenship, create an embargo on the south let no countries do business with them, create a live stream with the huge camera network ,enjoy the lolz
A house
That’s so good. And the gentle crunch if you walk in it
The Empire Strikes Back in my ass
World peace, in theory, sure it sounds great and possible but the reality is that most of the world is too selfish to make it happen no matter how much we want it.
Gotten pregnant
Joe rogan is not funny at all
My relationship was on it’s last legs already, did it while drunk didn’t feel half the remorse I thought I would, but I’m not proud of it, finished it a few weeks later, no one knows to this day
We actually love the great value(Walmart) chicken strips. They have a light pepper seasoning. Put them in the air fryer so they’re kinda crispy.  Nothing Tyson except their dinosaur nuggets.
You realise you don't have to respect their opinion 😄
thanks for the reply :)
Travel from London to Paris just to get a medium amount of catfished.
All of them.
Thanks
I know two girls who found their bfs through Tinder.
I was 11 when this happened I am 18 now; Rubbed my dick to my uncle's pillow watching Shakira's song. Unexpectedly came on it and was afraid that my dead grandpa might be watching from the heavens so wrapped the pillow in other clothes, three days later whole room smelt like rotting squid.
Bonus points if you didn't kill anyone.
big momma in my ass
Tripped on some rocks while hiking and cut my knee open on a sharp rock that looked like an Arrowhead.
Shameless.
thanks for the reply :)
Amy Schumer.
That they are just like most other generic girls. I've never heard this from someone who didn't turn out to be exactly like so many other women I know.  The unique ones don't have to make statements like this to show that they're actually unique. They show you with their actions.
Dad? What are you doing here?!
Denmark is also making taskmaster, and are doing a pretty good job
Who shot jfk
Lily Singh.
I thought all the art material was pretty funny.
Almost famous in my ass
Greed.
Breathing
Why Colin Tho. (Not disagreeing, just curious)
A sleep study and the eventual CPAP… I thought I was supposed to be exhausted all the time and wake up with a headache 5/7 days a week .. turns out it’s because I stopped breathing 33 times an hour
How, in the us the nuclear plants cant runaway like Chernobyl did due to a totally different design. So youd have to wait decades if not centuries for the building itself to crumble and even then the reactor core where the rods are is about the only dangerous spot.
Me too. I hate spiders more than cockroaches.
Like I said, they couldn’t even find good British replacements. It’s a crying shame that “The Stig” couldn’t follow the real trio to “The Grand Tour.”
Gremlins in my ass.
The hateful 8 in my ass
Nothing, I'm self employed and I love it.
Join the Germans, 3rd time's the charm
You realize this is exactly how Norms joke goes, right? He’s one of my all time favorites, pretty sure I get the joke
You could try an [alternative](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me5rX7Y9XKU)...
Where do you live?
So i used to be in the top bunk with my brother, he's 16. He would fap to shitty anime porn every fucking night and sometimes morning, and i would hear an orchestra of squelching, breath holding, "oh my god"ing, and blankets moving. I did this to him one time, it was fucking gold how you could tell he was petrified that I acknowledged what he was doing.
Fury in my ass
thanks for the reply :)
Being forced to learn how to parallel park, even if you will never use it.
Goku isn’t a well written character
A litmus test??? 😂😂😂
I did the chain gang for my son's football games a few weeks back. It was a cool experience. I was on the opposing teams sideline and they just let us do our job. Good kids.
When did Joe Biden set a car on fire?
The terrorists may or may not have won, but they did score.
A doctor
Lisa Lampanelli… she just spews crap out of her mouth and it’s just not funny or entertaining
Most people who don't don't because of trauma experienced in their childhood, because they think someone will do something bad to them if they talk about their feelings.
My brother had passed away when I was a shorty. And me and his wife literally hate each others guts. I have a great relationship with My niece (I'm her father figure)but besides that all my family is either dickheads or has passed away
Empathy
gotten pregnant
Oh, what a perfect place to post this gem of a picture I took a few days ago.  https://imgur.com/a/Ee1XxWd  That's the Rotech Advantage!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The IT Crew
Thanks for advice
Tesla yes, but keep an eye out for his next venture, get on it as early as possible, he's proven time and again that he can do what he says, when he says he will do it.
somewhere in europe
Who died and made you God?
brussel sprouts
Here in Canada we try not to install them at least before November 11th. For Remembrance Day, to honour armed forces members who have died in the line of duty.
Holes in my ass.   One wasn’t enough.
Foie gras I think it is
'E. Pluribus Unum - The Scientific American, versus Smarty Pantz!'
The feeling of love and acceptance my ex gave me. Having someone love you for who you are when you've been neglected that your whole life is amazing.
Feeling sad and happy at the same time is nostalgia. And thanks for responding!
Less than 30, hopefully.
Hell no! But its better to be on the safe side, even with a recently tested partner
Namey McNameface
God bless Sir Terry
Life on Mars.
Damn. Of the two possibilities, it had to be the worse one…
Alien hampster poop
The lords of the ring: the two towers in my ass.
The usual suspects in my ass
Coupling, Red Dwarf
The new ones start at 2k usd
Of course, the “new ones”. Only the best for you. I may have a few more of those nice F-35s you like so much. It is the least I can do after giving me the riot shields, batons and tear gas. I found them to be very useful this last year. There are those that have to be reminded of their place in the hierarchy.
The quality resolution it's fucking annoying
Avatar the last air bender
Jerry-rigged comes from Jerry as used as British slur against Germans during Word War I and II. This disparaging term is real, a pun on the name Jerry and the pronunciation of the first part of German.
Was in School, 5th grade, a Girl really liked me and i really liked her too, half a year later we got together but i didnt do anything with her, didnt go out etc so 2 weeks after that we broke up again and i regret it ever since, she was the most beautiful Person i ever met and i was so stupid to do nothing to keep her. Fast forward to today im in my early 20s and i still didnt had a girlfriend.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The amount of "YouTube Kids" videos (videos meant for kids) that are actually adult fetish videos is staggering.       There's videos of people doing "crushing" fetishes on toys with their feet, cars, and heels. Then there's videos of kids swimming in bathing suits but the video is obviously meant to be softcover porn. Flagging these videos does nothing as they are still there weeks after reporting them.      And to make things worse... YouTube will play adult ads within kids videos so sometimes you'll see a trailer for a horror movie or some 60+ minute advertisement which is a pilot of a new show that is meant for adults. YouTube does nothing again.
My ex wife
But there’s u in us
That's actually very common with people who draw erotic or hentai comics.  Robert Crumb even admitted he sometimes jerk's off to his drawings
Do you admit that rainbows have ends? If you do then would it not be possible for people to occupy the space where the end of that rainbow exists? I don't know the science behind it, nor have I researched it, but I do know that on that day, on the very edge of a storm, in the mist, with the bright sun on one side of us, we did occupy that space and it was phenomenal.
If you were the prize at the end of a race, I'd run backwards.
Honestly it was initially the roleplaying and having online personas representing you. I thought it was just fun play-pretend at the time, like an RPG. Didnt know furry was a thing. When I learned there was a word for it, I accepted it.
Step 1: stay close to my family and hope for the best  Step 2: see Step 1
I wore hearing aids for 30 years. Progressive hearing loss. The thing that was hardest, other than the usual horse shit, was that people didn't understand that volume wasn't the problem. screaming at me wasn't going to make it any more comprehensible. The problem I had was clarity, not volume. Mumble mumble gurgle honk honk still sounds like mumble mumble gurgle honk honk, even if you scream it.
I had this same problem with the Red Cross, next time they call you just answer the phone and tell them Lizardrip is dead and that they need to stop calling this number. It was the only thing that worked for me.
Threat Level Midnight in my Ass  When nature calls you must answer, even in the middle of the night.
I could open a bank and settle the world to debt, or be a politician and rape kids for fun on some isolated island with my elite friends and whoever wants to expose this will suicide misteriously.
It ultra counts for that exact reason
grapefruit
Kale 🤢🖕  Avocado 🤮🖕
I pay road tax for a van, a bus and a truck, I'm I now allowed to ride a bike in the road? Does the fact that I pay taxes make you more tolerant of people wasting your time?   Does it matter if its a cyclist or a grandma in her Honda wasting your time?
Ginger ale and saltine crackers. But if it's been going on for a long time you might think about going to a doctor.
The dark night rises in my ass. Pretty explanatory 🤷🏻‍♂️
thanks for the reply :)
That’s what he was saying
"We are better together" as a way to force employees back into the office and discourage wfh (not like it's an option really)
Hope that you catch me, and Im watching your porn. Meta
Shut down, go somewhere where i can be alone and think about how i could have done better, after some time it passes and im good again
Pretty sure that’s his actual laugh. Hard to take genuine laughter on stuff like 8 out of 10 cats.
Congrats. I love cooking, especially when it comes out good.
Well that’s terrifying. My grandpa always said “I’d rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it”.   Cranky bastard said the same thing about guns and liquor haha.
"The right to keep and bear *arms*" is literally verbatim how it's written.
thanks for the reply :)
The Godfather in my ass
What was his name?
Fauci documentary lmao XD
Gamestonk
Song of the Sea in my ass
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A "man" with a vagina   A "woman" with a penis  Bullshit
Fear and loathing in my ass. A story of himroids and but sex with strangers.
thanks for the reply :)
The movie American Sniper.  Felt like watching the modern version of the film they showed during Inglorious Basterds at times
Bhakt (blind followers of political leaders)
Hi gurl lower your standards please then I'll have a chance
Sticking a pipe in my ass
I agree, but Im curious as to what you think that means
Dam she even gave you the story from her own mouth and you still stuck around.  That's commitments
I’m not ugly 🤷🏽‍♂️
thanks for the reply :)
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What can I tell you? I'm not on Instagram. I'm not much for social media. And I have zero interest in pro sports. That combo plus being from Canada is probably why I've never heard of these guys. And I bet a lot of Canadians *do* know them. I just wasn't one of them.
Godzilla in my ass
Hence the reason I think humanity is doomed.
The Iron Giant In My Ass. Oh god. Annie is gonna have an interesting experience
I don't know if this counts, but I'm prone to hallucinations when I get fevers. My personal favorite hallucination is one where I randomly woke up off the couch and ran into the bathroom screaming about how someone stole a watermelon, causing a tree to grow out of my hands.
Use the many skills I have accumulated over the years that are useful in a survival situation, unlike being an "influencer" or whatever kids think is important to learn about these days.
That’s rough buddy
Sounds like a deleted line from The Masochism Tango.....
Negative
not sleeping early
I left a million dollars in.....
Fuckin Weeds lol
You know the little box of information your probably holding in your hand right now as you read this? That is your zombie virus. If your looking for something more substantial like a literal death and rebirth, it would have to be a parasite that would need to evolve in order to survive in something bigger than an insect. There are parasites that control insects in order to infect colonies, but I'm not sure if they've ever gone larger than that. I'm not a biologist so it's just a theory.
There was that one  time that some guy handed me a untuned radio?
Both. More pain
The way we were in my ass
KUNG POW ENTER THE FIST IN MY ASS
He's mr bean man! L E G E N D
At the very least, *try* to be visible and make some attempt at indicating your intentions.  Yes i know, not all cyclists ... fuck off
I came to comment this lol
Things that go bump in the night
Bold of you to assume I’m a Trumper hahah
Anything from DJT.
In the leaves a squirrel can sound like a 300lb bear. A buck could have been making a rub on a tree. Or a scrape, where they nibble the end of a branch, and scrape the ground exposing dirt which is where I would put my money, I believe it's a territory thing
Agreed and to add, to u/TheRuggedNarwhal, the evidence is ingrained in our psyches. What happened before you were born? Were you in heaven, waiting on a body? No, it was nothingness, oblivion.
I work around machinery that can really mess you up if you don't pay attention or understand at least roughly how it works. I'm on a bit of a streak of being around when something goes wrong (not badly, but still wrong) and being able to stop a machine or remove a hazard which has a good chance of breaking the machine if left. They're machines which are commonly left unattended for 20-30 minutes at a time, and every time I catch something, i reflect on the fact that it was idle chance that i saw it, and i wonder how the machines don't break constantly when i walk away. Either I'm just getting lucky, or life is rigged. Dunno which one i find less likely.
sour cream and mayonnaise! YUCK.
Kevin Hart
Mrs Incredible.
I never denied it…
It's not Christmas?
IDK, maybe the Qs gathering in Texas to await JFK jr’s return from the dead and join Donnie on the ticket in the 2024 ticket.
I accidentally set myself on fire with a sparkler. I'm uninjured, thank fuck for that.
This question is fucked up.
Bdsm
Abundance of kindness/empathy
I wouldn’t mind spending a day as one of the Dionysus followers in Assassins Creed odyssey. All they do is party all day.
give this guy a fucking oscar
Having to focus when driving is so boring. Especially long drives. I wish we had super safe self driving cars so I can nap on my way to work or on long road trips.
thanks for the reply :)
Married.
[hmmm...](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qnz8ji/whats_the_weirdest_fetish_youve_heard_of/hjjkn72/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) Is u/--asqwe-- also one of your colleagues?
Undercover Brother in my ass
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah I was about to say
Harley Quinn, Arkham City - - - she might be the reason I'm gay.
User name checks out
Sometimes, on my phone, YouTube just decides that I need a feature makes me auto-scroll when I am touching the screen, even if I'm trying to scroll the other way.
Durian
Your Name In My Ass.
I think we should just hate everyone equally just to be safe 🙏🙏🙏
We treat you like family!  *runs the fuck away as quickly as possible*
That's hilarious
I was hanging out with my guy friend today and to be honest I dont rememeber any of it. We were together for 2 hours but it felt like i blinked and the whole 2 hours went by - i literally dont remember anything that happened - i just blinked?  Why did this happen? What should I do?
In India, there are more Christians than Sikhs.
Bet the bad ones only
I buried my treasure at......
I only know him from Seinfeld, but thought he was funny on it. He's a selfish bastard, and that, to me, is way worse way than not being funny.
I'm glad to hear that. I want to like him, he *seems*  so sweet.
Ween enters chat.
36 and feel like my grad program is an enormous scam. Deep down, I think I want to break free, but I'm afraid of financial insecurity and starting over again. Paradoxically, grad school is leading to serious debt.
HE'S TRYING TO TAKE DOWN BIG TURKEY!
Same
No topic is of the table. But if we are discussing we're discussing. If someone is not hearing my side and just trying to convince me of theirs then we aren't discussing anymore. At that point I stop taking shit seriously and we're well into mindfuck troll territory.
Destroy the earth since humans fucked it up
That the world has a mostly benign spirit to it, that people have souls, that this is not all there is. I believe it, and it brings a great deal of peace to me, but it's a faith - not something I can prove.
You're the reason people don't believe in evolution
Give some CBD flower a chance.  For me, it seems to work better if I smoke it everyday.    Let’s just get this out of the way:  withdrawal is real - who really cares if it’s mental or physical?  The person is suffering and that is all that matters.  I have personally experienced withdrawal symptoms such as anxiety (never had an issue with that before I smoked or during smoking - only after cessation), some insomnia (not bad - after day 3 I was fine), mood swings, and sweaty hands associated with the anxiety.  These symptoms are unavoidable and happen every time I stop.    I started smoking CBD flower from Eight Horse Hemp co and it has been night and day.  All of my withdrawal symptoms have been muted and I can finally breathe again.  Clarity is back, motivation is back, and I have a renewed sense of appreciation for life.    Bottom line: withdrawal is real.  Anytime you mess with your endocannabinoid system, be prepared for a backlash.  I will be curious to read all of the research over the next few years about the method of action for cb1 modulation by CBD.  Stay strong everyone and please take care of each other.  Stop arguing - try and feel some empathy for those who are struggling.
Same. Plan B. Worked. Thankful.
Can I just buy all the rotisserie chickens
This takes the cake
That was the coconut fucker
Those shots felt like they were injecting hot lava into your nerves
Yes
thanks for the reply :)
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Love means deeply caring about someone.
She wouldn’t have anywhere to go. She has no family.
Mufasa!
Betty White.   We heart her.
Thanks for the good advice, when I do some stuff like walking on the beach it reminds me her again and again and it will brings me more downer
The right coffee
Caviar it's so expensive and not even that great 90% of the reason it tastes okay is because it costs $700
Betty white
Respond to personal ads, or look up/read reviews of local massage parlors.  I've never followed through on either (too concerned about trafficking), but it feels a bit like interactive porn.  It's not something I've done in years, though. I guess it lost its luster.
Beetroot
thanks for the reply :)
***NO***
*Barack Hussein Obama has entered the chat*
vibrator
Both. I love not having the extra stress of my own job and of course not having to actually go to work.  I hate that I don’t have a career, that my success is that of everyone else in my house.
The empire strikes back in my ass
V for Vendetta in my ass   Someone with a vendetta shrinks down and goes inside the MCs ass and starts cutting Vs all along his colon.
###Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood in my ass  The Harvey Weinstein story from the perspective of industry greats.  ###Beetlejuice in my ass  Like one of those cheap porn knockoffs but without the porn and is more like some elaborate adult diaper marketing disaster turned cult classic meme generator.  ###The Forgotten Battle in my ass  A documentary about the intestinal workout that is Taco Bell food.  ###Venom: Let There Be Carnage in my ass  Bow-chika-wow-wow!  This obviously isn't all favorites of mine but the titles with 'in my ass' added would be I think, that should count right?
100%. I tried to watch the US version but it was bad.
Doesn't say that in the constitution.
Hemorrhoids
Both of them or just the one who won?
A stray friendly cat does live with me right now.
thanks for the reply :)
How easy it is for people to fall for ludicrously stupid conspiracy theories.
Dude, gotta watch out for harmonic amplification.  You can't  move with a regular rhythm, you have to move arhythmicly or you'll attract the sand worms.
Let there be Carnage in my ass.  Plot: The story of the world's worst proctologist.
The first few seasons are brilliant. Starts to go down hill. Dragged out too long and most of the original cast move on to bigger and better things. The US one may be good but it was too hard to watch when you’ve seen the brilliance of the original.
Oh good YouTube is listening. When I go to search for something different from the previous search in my Roku, and painstakingly type out a huge search phrase, it makes me rip my hair out every time I realize that the old search words are still there and being added to, and only way to get rid of them is to ERASE EVERYTHING I JUST WROTE, along with everything that shouldn’t be there anymore to behind with, then rewrite the whole fucking thing again. RAGE
"You're a junkie."
You think I give a fuck about your shitty irony
Aliens in my ass
What do you think you're gonna do, stab me?"
Shaq
Goddamned Sarah
Come on in buddy
$1,901.59  I work overnight in a gas station.
That Trump was as bad as people say he was/is. My life still improved by a large amount under him. Maybe the president has very little effect on the average person.
it's buddy
Feeling like a nasty fatfuck, cutting first processed, frozen shit and boose, not eating less but dropping ampty calories and making smarter choices while feed ing myself working out twice a day also helped (gym + sports).
it appears debt collectors have a positive side
what if conscious consciousness does not last longer after brain death?
because i'm bored
thanks for the reply :)
people who make fucking stops to turn the wheels
Tried something different for masturbation. Got curious how prostate stimulation would feel. I was able to reach it with my hands, but the position was more than just awkward and my arms got tired in literally seconds. So in my half edged, extremely horny mind the best solution was to use my fucking toothbrush.   I didn't brush my teeth for a week afterwards before getting a new toothbrush.
This went a totally different direction than i expected
Re: The Office, Ricky Gervais' cringeworthiness is far more authentic than Steve Carell's. Sometimes it's good to watch such cringe, despite the discomfort. Reminds you you're not a sociopath.
eat whatever you find
Game of Thrones until..well, you know…
My friend taught me how to ride a scooter. I never learned because I live on a busy main road, and he lives on a couldasack.
I prefer human interactions more. I'm free to do what I wish so long as it doesn't hurt anyone and myself
being human is a trait
That’s the theory.  I’ve had flus and they were nothing like that sickness.  They burned harder and faster.  This thing stayed with me for weeks.  I had a few coworkers get the flu and test positive and they basically had a few days feeling rough, and then two other coworkers had something similar to what I did and, like me, tested negative for the flu and their doctors were uncertain what it was.  There was definitely something unique about that sickness.  If there hasn’t been a global pandemic with similar symptoms almost immediately after that started, I would’ve written it off as just a random bad bug.
HL3
Escargot  Never had it but I’m not gonna eat snails
LMAOOOOOOOOOOO
"Don't breath" in my ass.
resistance is futile.  you must conform or else.
Downvotes are meaningless.
You know when you're a kid playing with a garden hose and you change the stream to be really focused and you make a little trench in the dirt with the water pressure? Yeah, that happened to my arm from a pressure washer.
cat
thanks for the reply :)
Get interviewed and say that no one should receive any money on my behalf, and those who do are sinners, churches should be taxed because it helps the society. Then I will finish by a « science is one of my best invention ».
Words
Skeet skeet...scuuuuuurtt
[hmmm...](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qnz8ji/whats_the_weirdest_fetish_youve_heard_of/hjjkqf6/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) Is u/cosinate also one of your colleagues?
Sorry, my apartment doesn't allow pets...
Whoa. I can see that being a good combo. Not for me but I can can see it. 👍🏼👍🏼
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
thanks for the reply :)
Critters. In my ass.   I think we all know the plot.
I think the worst part of this was the fact you went to Kamloops I’m sorry for that experience in itself
Biological warfare
Bathroom
In high school, a beautiful girl said that he liked guy who were crazy about space.. Ended up reading 3 or 4books about that and wrote some basic definitions from wikipedia.. She's my girlfriend now.
thanks for the reply :)
The vaccine actually makes the child immune to covid because they have the antibodies from the mother. Plus just once the baby is born they are quite fragile so it’s just much harder to give the child the vaccine on their own
About 3/4 of the way through. I like the story. And how they want you to realize how Abby is basically Ellie. But it’s hard since I’ve spent so much time with Ellie she’s like my daughter. Especially, since my own name is Joel. I love the flashbacks which make me feel sad and happy.  Of course anytime I hear an infected or have to go inside any building I get almost nervous. Which I think they did a great job of achieving.
masturbating using mint toothpaste. cool stuff but i wouldn't recommend it  the bolster. can't feel shit
How did they make karma even stupider?
It’s like a 20-way tie among the *hourly* fundraising mails I get from the Republican Party, individual campaigns and affiliated PACs.
Ok it was pretty cheap when I looked at it on steam so I'll give it a try!
Stop harassing the customer service workers when they're only trying to to their job.
Blade Runner in My Ass : Nothing the god of Bio-mechanics wouldn’t let you into heaven for!
Work cures depression. Maybe if you have a nice job, but most of the jobs I've had so far have been depressing and humiliating.
Reddit is filled with mature, successful people as evidenced by very clever, mature names like "BungHole69Your Mom_37"  Clearly these people (who are all over ten years old, all of them) will only use the most logical and urbane language in their responses.
No
Also the videogame of the movie: Back 4 Blood in my ass.
thanks for the reply :)
"Don't message me if you're..." it just sounds angry and why would people want to date someone who already sounds pissed off.
Lol
I’m so sorry but that made me laugh
My dad wants that played at his... his buddies would approve.
This one "wins"
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Kathy griffin, Jeff Dunham
There are more barriers to getting a dog. I was turned down because my garden wasn't right
Starfucks
Nobody is named this. It stems from a racist meme a few years back.
Visit Bobby Mackey's Music World.
He's an angry little elf
Man thats rough. Do you know if there is something particular in life that brought you into this position, and was there a point where you realized that the money wouldnt be enough?  I know that not spending your money wisely, as well as loosing your job can lead to this. But i also think that the system is broken enough in some countries to fuck you up even tho you did everything correctly.  Im 18 now and working on my first job, and id like to not be in this position in 30 years. I know this is quite the personal question, but do you have any tips/regrets you wish you did differently my age?
I saw daddy kissing Santa Claus
a 90 y/o man wearing nothing but a bright red speedo with a walker just bolting beside a highway
Drugs
You then spend money on things you don't need but are cool.
I don't give a shit. I didn't like them then, I don't like them now.
Mad that it's all on Spotify now!
My little brother did this and it was so fucking annoying.  Haha.  Memories.
Do you not have 1 BHK apartments in your city? They are pretty affordable and give you full privacy.and have ample space for 1 person to live comfortably
Against abortion but for letting people have access to it. I mean, if you say "pro-abortion" out loud it sounds sort of psycho.
Not to mention that this "Doctor" tried CPR on his own for 10 minutes before even calling for help, during which time he claims it was only a respiratory arrest. He then didn't call 911 because he didn't know the exact address, like thats a reason not to call.  He must have been the most incompetent medical professional money could buy.
Being hopeful for the future
Samsung Z Fold 3
Don’t be scared. I let 6 years pass since the last time I went and they were so kind to me, even with my gums bleeding and plaque build up. They just want to help you :)
The concept of usury dates back millenia. Politicians didn't need to create anything, they needed to relax the laws keeping opportunistic lenders in check. Where ever regulations allow it, high interest loans exist.  All shady politicians needed to do after that was recognize that widely-available, high interest loans provide an attractive alternative to accepting charity in a society where social programs or community assistance is heavily demonized and shamed.  It doesn't take anyone sitting around a table dreaming up a master plan, just opportunism. In Canada, government agencies will give you interest-free loans to prevent evictions or utility shut offs, or to cover medications in an emergency. The process is humiliating and invasive though, with social workers digging through and questioning three months of bank statements to make sure you qualify. Getting grilled over a sandwich you bought on your lunch break 10 weeks before you got sick and fell behind on rent is awful.  Recognizing that people absolutely hate coming hat in hand to social services and would rather take out loans that do incredible damage to their financial stability isn't a big leap - and it doesn't require much action besides failing to regulate predatory behaviour when it presents itself. Make sure regulations favour predatory lending and make it more difficult to declare bankruptcy. At the same time, tighten regulations of social assistance and do nothing to make people aware of the programs which do exist, so people who qualify for assistance might not even realize it.  The end result is the same - programs get used less and signs of mass deprivation, like utility shut offs and evictions, get hidden behind predatory credit until that credit gets exhausted, too. At that point, someone's story is sufficiency tarnished - it's been months since the initial disaster that pushed them to take out the loan and the story goes from "got sick, needed help to stay in their home" or "utility prices meant I couldn't keep my children warm" to "another stupid minimum wage worker taking out payday loans they can't afford because they don't understand interest".
A scone. I’m fucked.
Probably because they get first dibs or want the peace and quiet
To fix my car and get my teeth taken care of.
Cows would definitely become a pest especially now that we need to grow more vegetables.  Wild cows already did go extinct.  Pigs, you might be right because they'll eat garbage.  Chickens are doomed AF.
It won't be everyone's cup of tea, but I'd recommend the Shakespearean versions of *Star Wars*  and *The Avengers* by Ian Doescher. As long as you have seen the movies, you should be able to perfectly understand what is being said. I think it could as a warm up if you want to (or have to) read actual Shakespeare plays.  If those don't suit your fancy, perhaps you'll enjoy *Get Thee Back to the Future*, *Much Ado About Mean Girls*, *The Taming of the Clueless*, and Part 1 of *MacTrump* (yes, these are real).
They've never really produced an ultra strong international cricket team
To get all of my dogs fixed and to have their own safe comfy seperate rooms to be in.
Exactly, “your peers” can be fucking idiots.  Especially in a high profile case like this, where you have to find 12 people who have been living under a rock and don’t have any preconceived opinion on the case, and the internet hordes are threatening violence.
I love Lou Reed. Perfect Day is a good choice.
The star shines knowing that it can be only seen at the dark. Lol at Dr. He must of put an x next to your name
Friend of mine sold Gatorades, he cought at Costco, for a buck out of his backpack. It was great until some asshole kid trying to be funny yelled out loud in class "ay yo he got a gun in there!" Cops showed they looked thru his locker and everything and no gun just Gatorades. Friend didn't get I. Trouble just told to stop selling Gatorades. Pretty sure the asshole kid dropped out of school the next year.
Love, apparently
Good stuff. It's good listening to music isn't it
The problem isn't the cliche. It's the execution by the writers and directors.  "Rocky" is a cliche but it's so well executed by Stallone's screenplay and John Avildsen's directing, that Avildsen basically made another version when he directed the original "Karate Kid".
As a huge Nirvana fan myself I’d have to agree. They make great music but so many people overlook the whole grunge scene and just think Kurt Cobain is everything.   He’s also just kind of an aesthetic for posers who know nothing about him or the band and rep his image because they think its deep
That sucks. What's really bad is that the only people who care about being called karen are the non-karens.
Soooooo much.
When i was in jail, one guy was talking to someone else, where we all heard them, and he said "I once fuvked a girl in the ass and it felt just like pussy".  Goddamn, people in jail are fucked up.
Don’t be on Reddit while intoxicated.
I’d settle for a studio apartment but I can’t even afford that
2nd wife
Lets be fair here, any changes that we, as individual people, could make would amount to a literal drop in the ocean and make fuck-all of a difference.  The changes have to be made by governments, industries, and corporations, but because there is still money to be made by strangling the life out of our planet, good fucking luck on getting that to happen.
lmao
Yup
Took a bad trip on some pills at a festival in my late teens. HO-LEE SHIT! That was a bad day!
I guess.
Aloy!
> What you don't understand is transportation of meat is very different from crops.  I fully understand that, what I said was that soy is CURRENTLY an example of a crop being transported worldwide for the sake of animal production. Europe imports a fuckton of soy from, among others, South America.  > Crops are more open to natural damage and it's hard to store it in such a large scale unlike meat  A huge chunk of crops are grown specifically for animal feed, and something like soy is by far consumed primarily by animals. This is something you can easily verify if you actually wanted to.
Transformers War for Cybertron.
Beat it - Michael Jackson
Glitter bombs are more effective when you mix the glitter with chili flakes
Apart from the weather? California doesn't get winters like New York. Plus, for white folks there's the different legacy of the 13 colonies versus the pioneers, so that'll impact families for a few generations. Apart from the coastal regions, much of US heartland is fairly rural and people can spread themselves out.
Overpopulation isn't a global problem and in fact population is generally about to decrease in most parts of the world, if not straight up decreasing right now, except in sub-Saharan Africa. Europe, China, Japan, the rest of East Asia, Latin America, they're all near or below 2.4 kids per woman, which is the minimum to keep a stable population. Rising the standard of living and urbanization lowers fertility more in the long term than any catastrophe would.
Just ignore them until they stop
Finishing high school
Thanks.
The whole showing off your bra and g-string undergarment sets is pretty disgusting but leaves little/or much to the imagination of any and all around them (if you're into that sort of fashionable expression of self) Then there are all sorts of things the wearer can fight about being "not their fault" and victimized for having better fashion sense and more maturity than the rest of society who finds their fashion sense senseless, revolting or desperately attention seeking
Anything about playing it cool, hard to get or rules about when you should contact them. Whenever I like someone, I'm not shy about it. Many times it's too much for the other person but eh, easy for me to filter out the wrong ones
Patrick Mahomes
Don’t worry too much. Life happens and things don’t always go your way but being young means you have a lot of time to bounce back. Always learn from mistakes and accomplishments and continue to improve your own self.
It's OK to flirt with other people, so long as it don't go anywhere beyond words.
Eh. Same same.
r/cutefemalecorpses
That's a common myth. There's no record of this name existing.   https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/funny-names/  http://www.namenerds.com/uucn/advice/urbanlegends.html
RIGHT. Common sense
Analog is the way to go
I know I’m late to this party.  But I would love to be able to buy my spouse a nice ‘new’ vehicle.  She’s always driven POS vehicles.  Even when she was a kid and first driving.  Heck, she deserves it more than most.  She’s really the nicest person and most understanding person I know.  Plus, I’ll present my lame, fat 4th point of contact as exhibit A.
My grandparents farm.
oh. ok.  Thanks :)
I did this too. I used some kind of lotion my mum had in the shower to beat my meat and I regreted it for two fucking weeks. It left my package completly dry, burning and shedding skin like some sort of a fucking dick lizard. It was the worst experience as a teenager, even pissing and just sitting down was the worst. Even now, almost 10 years later, I am scared of lotions.
The time to ***use*** my insurance benefits to get my wisdom teeth out, an overall dental cleaning and check-up, some suspicious moles and lumps on my skin checked for cancer, and other probably vitally important shit I likely won't have checked out or otherwise addressed until after I'm ~~free~~ dead.   ( ^Left ^the ^awkward ^autocorrect ^from ^my ^apparently ^homicidal ^phone. )  I can have the insurance but not the time, or the time without the insurance. Cool, huh?
I was given as a "Christmas gift " to my mother's  boyfriend when I was 6
A guy catcalling me with a cow puppet
Yup
Give your two weeks, and be honest. Most employers will understand your reasoning.
I think that overall I'm more happy and satisfied with life than I ever have been, but I plan on taking it further in this direction.   The reason being that I've taken some bold (for me) leaps and risks that have worked out pretty well because of my hard work and dedication. I'm making my own life and structuring it how I find is best for me and just being able to give myself that ability is something that I never knew I could achieve 5 years ago. The best part is that with the occasional help of some close and trusted friends I have accomplished this current lifestyle pretty much independently and I can truly own that without feeling like a fraud.
As a first name? Where are you from! I went to school with 3 girls named Mackenzie.     My parents always say it’s cuz I’m scottish(American but you know)
Chocolate Cream.
Good quality new underwear and socks
Football's (soccer) 2002 World Cup in Japan/South Korea.
The first couple of times I had their cream eggs after the change. . .I thought maybe I was getting a "bad" one.   It's so awful and gritty now.
Barnabas Yoodlehausen
That humanity is willing to go primal if it calls for it. Think about it. Fighting over already overpriced toiletries and hygiene products. Damned near killing each other over an article of clothing at Ross (an upscale Goodwill). Greed will take over as well as some would buy the aforementioned products and try to resale them at a higher value than they're worth. Saw this with the jackass in Tennessee who bought all of the sanitizer and soap and took to Amazon to sell them for double what they were worth. Thankfully, state officials caught on to him. We could really go on about this all day.
As a gift?
The thing is it was only good because of the books. The show runners had a part in it but most of the great dialogue and twists were form the books. The author is an excellent novelist as well as being an excellent TV show writer. So much of the dialogue is just copied and pasted from the books    Then even earlier on there were huge plots holes. They were trying to force bad ass scenes too much and did some things that didn't make sense even early on. A foreshadowing of what was to come later  Th show got past the books and that is when it really started getting bad but also the seeds had been laid before.
like shit. thats all.
IMO, you've got to wait.  Wait long.    I knew when the time was right again.
I don’t
A car
DROP TOP
You could be in danger for not following the rest
A gaming set up
More strain on the US economy.     Not that I am for this current system
Robin Cook has always struck me as dodgy but John Smith was such good fortune for the psychopath Tony Bliar and his gang .
I took 13 gap years. Felt like I was way behind. Yeah, I guess I was.
rolls royce phantom
ok
Weird name. I literally know nothing about it.
The delivery guy shows up but wants CoD payment only by credit (not debit!) or cash. I don't have either of those. I end up having to travel across town to their warehouse to pay it there and pick it up myself. I then have to wait two hours outside because they're only open something like 10-11 and 3-4. The guy ll files it under refused delivery which makes the seller think I'm trying to rip them off.
Global carbon sequestration and complete transition to renewable or ecologically friendly industries world wide.
I don't believe in their "church" anymore.  My siblings are slowly coming around, but with my wife's family, it's like 35 of them against 1 of me.  Some days it's very discouraging
A detached house.
Their mental health state
Not beeing born
Pokémon cards
You ain't the first, study and imagine and you eventually come to some conclusions that make sense.
It would suck
Any advice you’d give to you get people who want to retire by 65?
Never heard of it,what's it like
not going to work every morning.
Gtx 3090 🗿
Pretty sure the CIA docs on this are out now, they did it lol.
Stolen loot from a local corner shop. Sweets and drinks were the common option, the culprits were so obvious but for some reason never stopped. Also porn mags that were in the returns/delivery box at the back of the school.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qqz8dk/would_someone_get_in_trouble_if_a_pedo_sends_them/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Figures. “Something I Learned Today” by Hüsker Dü is 2:02.
A cure to depression?  Rather than just meds to keep the darkness at bay
Retirement.
Make sure he knows that!
I like LRI SANKA better bruh
Not being alive
A single-story house with a powder room and lots of natural light in a nice, flat neighborhood
not being alive
Throwing up. Without a doubt it is the worst human bodily function ever.
Sounds like you're playing hard to get on expert difficulty.
A one bedroom apartment in Sacramento, CA. I bring home home $2600 per month, gross $50,000 per year, and its still not enough to afford four walls to myself in a not-scary part of town where I'd be unafraid to live as a single woman by myself.  I'm going to end up living with roommates forever.
It's mentioned in many songs
I think what we mean by submissive varies a lot. Some girls just like being held down and drilled hard. Then there's the variety of us who enjoy full restraint and impact play. That word seems to have a broad meaning.
Moob removal surgery.  Sure, I've conquered my insecurities, and still managed to have a rocking sex life in college, but do you know how fucking annoying it is to proportionally have a bigger chest as a guy? None of my damn clothes fit right.
Xxxtentation
I didn't struggle with it.  I was just living my life day to day and having fun.    I knew what i was doing and i knew it was holding me back. Eventually i just got tired of always being broke though. So i decided to quit smoking pot and get a real job
I honestly think my wife and I got really lucky that we got our house when we did. It was around around March or May or something close to that of 2019 and we got a 3 bedroom, bath and a half, 1,700sqft for $98,989.
Lol I'm rich I don't care what you think
You sound like a jabronie mark who don't know it a work when it's a work and work yourself into a shoot.   Much love.
I have common fucking sense and alot of knowledge that'd help. Here have some  1. Spears are the best weapon for killing zombies, silent, easy to make (just tape sharp metal to long object) and you can hit them from longer distances than other weapons   2. I wouldn't do dumbass things like go "we gotta save my (totally dead) sister/brother/best friend/cat! Or tie up an infected person to avoid killing them. Never ends well  3. Armour. How are shitty rotting zombie jaws gonna penetrate anything that's more powerful than clothes? Get some of the stuff tyres are made out of and you're golden   If people knew common sense, zombie films would be so easy...
be patient, everything gonna ok
Mary Pinchot Meyer
To pay off my medical debt, student loan debt, and credit card debt.
And that's a systemic problem too! Americans certainly aren't saving for retirement when they don't earn enough to pay their bills today.
I'm 19. I only got a phone when I was 17 and am allowed to use social media since I turned 18.
To be able to support my family and not be living in an RV in my Mom's driveway.
Perfect Day - Lou Reed  Or  Any song from the Donkey Kong Country 2 soundtrack
I hear you. I'm proud of you! I hope things get better for her, for the sake of yourself and your children.
My twenties.
Ottobock artificial leg.
A better life
To never have to work again.
The old rat schlotzsky's commercials. Used to gross me out but now I love it
Radio head? When? I didn't like that one,it's not their best,I think it just too interested in experimenting than making music. Thats just my opinion
A decent work shop.
Bro i swear to god i was watching death note just now and i do have some good things to share
Overnight? Systematic financial disaster and culling of animals.   Over a period of years/decades? More people would be comfortable and familiar with eating plant-based food, fewer animals would be bred into existence only to be slaughtered after a life of abuse, less emissions, Hollywood movies would be made about the past animal agriculture industry and kids who grow up in this new world would probably cancel dead people who were complacent with it.
A house.
Ice cream
Go to japan
Depends where you live. I bought a house a couple years ago in the NW side. $4500/year. Is that a lot compared to CO?
Pulp Fiction  Don't know if they're intended to be hilarious or not, but that robbery scene is gorgeously funny  When Sam Jackson said the restaurant owner to shut up, when Honey Bunny throwing tantrums and Jackson trying to calm her down, when Travolta comes out of the bathroom with his gun, the Bad Motherfucker wallet, and when they both put their guns in their pants. I wish I could see it for the first time again.
Lick itt!
I’m a guy but I’d imagine unless they’re an extreme innie it can’t be comfortable to go commando in jeans for them either.
The first thing I thought of too.
Grabbing my throat
I'd never work in an Amazon warehouse
Retirement right away
My mum really needs a car
ICE COOOOLD
Now this I can get behind! Do you always bite? Has anyone been disinterested?
Protest the hero: scurilous
mawp
Delete them.
I had to settle for an STi, but they all can go to college :)
Time to enjoy my hobbies. Or a cloning machine that all share the same memories.
Was that a waft of capitolist parasite? 😄  I'm a single unit landlord. I get trashed for it regularly...
No cell phones. Better music.
Travel. I always wanted to go places when I was a kid, now I’m going and bringing my kids with me.
On that note, Don't Hug Me I'm Scared. They're making a TV series now I heard
fight the big corporations who are responsible for the biggest percent of climate change
Airplane  *-Michael Scott*
Totally not helping but... just spent over 10k on new teeth.  Absolutely too expensive.  And yet, worth every penny.    I can only guess how much its impacting your life, and even then assume its impacting your life more than you even know.    You can't afford it, but you can't afford not to do it.  Life with the bills is better than life with dental problems.    Search for someone who will do it and find one that will work with you on what monthly payments you can afford.    Again, not helping.  Totally unsolicited advice.  It might be within reach if you want it.
MY EX!!!! BOOM!!!
Unsure if extinct, but they'd be rather rare. The number of people who would have a cow as a "pet" are few and far between. They are expensive and need a lot of space, and if you're vegan then by definition you won't profit from the animal. Wild version of both animals are technically another breed/species.  Alternately, I do know people who keep goats and chickens and pets. Though, the ones I know with chickens as pets, do eat the eggs.
Lol yes you can't disprove God but the burden isn't on us to disprove it, it's on you to prove it. It's called burden of proof.  Einstein was from a different time. One quote from one man does not prove anything.   I'm not going to argue with you on this because arguing with religious people over the existence of God is not productive. Believe what you want man. Peace!
Dang I’m old
I mentioned dark souls in response to your assertion that d2r is a “hard grind”. It’s easier than most modern arpgs.  Logging into a game is annoying and obvious. The server issues I’m referring to are the lag between actions such as going into a dungeon through a tp in hc mode and being dead before you leave the loading screen. Also enemies not dying when they have no health because of server desync issues, then following you until you reach the next area.  The graphical bugs I’m referring to are when assets turn into black boxes so it looks like your ice shards are big censored dildos flying across the screen (one of the top posts on /r/diablo_2_resurrected is just that today).  If the game didn’t run like shit, I’d still be playing it. I like Diablo 2. I’m a fan. D2r is just poorly built.
So in your opinion it isn't self defence because we was looking for an excuse to kill?
we don’t process things the same way and i have a higher level of curiosity. i’m different from you, that doesn’t mean something is wrong with me. true understanding doesn’t come from photographs
Nah they usually enjoy it too. Plus we're talking about fictional stories here anyway.
Wololo
Loudly ovulating.
A house
Your not gonna like this but you should have her take the test. That kid deserves to know/have a dad. Now if the other dude is in his life I guess just live and let live
An RTX 3080
House prices
A car
Abraham Lincoln
My parents being alive and healthy and the optimism of youth.
Probably dissecting orphans live while listening to what they say
The truth you can't prove is anything other than an opinion?
Idk not sure
I got bad vertigo for a couple weeks a few years ago...it sucked so bad.  I mean the tinnitus is a pain in the ass but I get by.  The vertigo made day to day life just so much harder.  I wish you didn't have to through it.
You guessed it, Frank Stallone.
I think it's also because having dental issues is so common that it would also cost too much. Not everyone is gonna have kids, but almost everyone will have dental problems in their life at one point.
Is there another option? Like what else are you supposed to do? Go when it's closed?
Bill Burr probably
Happiness
Honestly, how to teach yourself, and how to study in college. You get thrown into it without any foresight.
Ignore the fake, tough people who tries to message your privately. Not worth it.
Marilyn Monroe.
cinnamon soaked toothpicks
Candies
No 😂
I wanted to be a Viper ( F-16 ) fighter pilot. Too tall though (6'2" max, 6'5"). Engineer and entrepreneur. I'm taking up powered paragliding (PPG) because a private pilot's license is too expensive and time-consuming to stay current.  My stepbro is an F/A-18 Navy pilot, which is sort of annoying.
No Cyril. When they're dead they're just "hookers".
A house
That doesn't help with the availability peace. My favorite band has had their music on and off of Spotify a ton and some of what I like just isn't there. That does have some to do with liking weird music. But there's a lot of control lost using Spotify in other ways too. Spotify will not play behind Audible for instance. Rocket Player and Poweramp will.
I honestly didn't know parents did this. As a kid/teen I always had friends of the opposite sex and never thought a thing of it. Now my kids also have friends of the opposite gender and it's still a non issue.
Bill Burr manages to stay funny, not pull punches and  not attract a ton of controversy. The other guys are funny but they are now known for controversy which overshadows their comedy.
A house
Moved from NYC last year to Raleigh and I love it. Took an hourly pay cut from 30 to 27 but not having to pay $800 a month just commuting to work has paid for itself. I sold my second car and have a work van I get to take home. It's been great, prices for everything here has almost doubled in the last 6 months though it's wild
No he's not
Dave is probably the best of the three, but I prefer Bill’s style.
Sometimes twice a week, sometimes less, wish I had more lol.  But I'm going back to campus next year :). 22
i still just dont understand how every game after KH2 couldnt just..stick with that formula. KH3 and its many hand held games all where ok and all, but KH2 is legit a master piece of a game and holds up still today
They are literally the physical embodiment of infinite possibilities.
Here’s the thing. I have worked hard. But it’s okay, I honestly don’t take my self-worth from angry people on the internet, so think what you want.   If you believe that your ability to get through all of those challenges was solely down to *you*, then I can’t convince you otherwise. However, I know that no man is an island. No success comes alone. And even you had luck - luck to not get hurt on the job so badly you get fired, luck to not be sick, to have that car keep running, to have jobs that hired you. It’s okay to acknowledge that hard work also needs that luck to pay off in the way that you’ve experienced. It doesn’t diminish what you’ve done. It simply acknowledges that if you pull on your own bootstraps, you fall down. That’s gravity. We are part of a community and success comes from contributions of people around you and before you.   Besides, what good is any form of success if you don’t have a realistic view of what got you there? And what is the point if you’re not willing to be thankful for the parts of your successes that had nothing to do with *you*.  Compassion and empathy are free. As is looking up the facts about poverty.   I hope you continue to have good luck to go along with your work.
Love Tool
Because I  am lesbian,  not prejudice & talked about the abuse by my mother
Unfortunately the only people with the power to do some serious good are rich people, but one of the main requirements to get rich is an insane amount of self interest
Don't be a cunt
I would once again vote for Jorgensen, did you forget there’s multiple parties? Also usually the other ones have better policies
Life
A home.
This may not get seen but I'd really like to be a creative lead on an animated show of my own creation. It's not just small ideas but huge stories and characters. There is at least 4 well thought out shows that could be made with a few smaller one scattered around and a twist that they are all interconnected in a multiverse like creation. The biggest hurdle after money however is that it's all still up in the ole noggin. Not for lack of trying but I can't look at my own writing so I don't put any of it down and what shit doodles I do hardly look like anything. I don't even know if I could get my ideas across to someone who could actually do something with them. So even if I had just enough money to get something going it's highly unlikely a place like Netflix would jump on board with someone with zero history or credibility.  Other then that maybe new teeth, new computer, pay off everything for my parents and get all the work done on their house, a bigger dick, and some caffeine free Dr. Pepper because there is none around me.
This is the best one.  Tooth pain is so bad and the worst part is you get no relief feels like someone’s hammering a nail into your ducking brain
Remove Depression!!!
They tend to frown on you breaking in
Michael Jackson
Thank you. I'm working on it.
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Something about good sex on my own because it seems that some men don't know how to get a woman off these days...
My bf to say 'yes'
Mine are:  1. Never post anything during work hours. 2. Never post anything about work. 3. Never post anything you wouldn’t want your boss to see.
Finish up every video game I can play.
Squid game (imo)
Diamonds are absolutely overvalued. It's just a shiny rock you can see through. Lab-created diamonds are much better.
I invest a lot, and have been doing so for years. Fuck working for all my money, I like having my money work for me.
A dog
San Fran?
I have to pick one?  The Autobiography of Malcolm X
Stretch and lube daily
Pro tip: only, only, only do it if you don't have an addictive personality.  Can you stop smoking cold turkey? Can you go without drinking for weeks, or control your intake throughout the night? If you have even a vague question of whether or not you're easily addicted to simple pleasures, don't find more. Access is the beginning of a major issue.   Now, I'm not saying go blow down if you don't have an addictive personality, but those of us who don't, have the weird ability to do a line and go about the rest of the night without needing more. It's most definitely the type of substance you want to only do with friends you trust and understand, personally. I always pay attention to people when I'm around it, to see how they act. If it's out at a get together, it becomes obvious who you want to do it with, and who you don't. Obviously you have the television portrayal of people doing it and just going absolutely bonkers, but I've never come across that in the wild. Most people have a much more invigorating conversation, but there's always a couple who tend to hang out around the mirror or plate, waiting for the next line, and they'll get increasingly more aggravated and unhappy the longer you wait. Try to avoid feeding them. They might turn into gremlins.
Charmin ultra strong. The soft stuff smears more than clears, and the ultra is comfortable enough.  Anything I've tried that's cheaper has scratched my ass.
EVERYONE would know
Technically you can get your teeth pulled for free. What you do is wait until you have an extreme abscess that's probably giving you endocarditis then go to the emergency clinic.  They'll knock you out and rip out the gobstoppers. And since your heart is at risk it's technically medical.
😄😄😄
Buying a wedding dress.   Did get married, but we ended up eloping in regular clothes instead. Originally my dream was to elope, but in a nice dress and all, just avoid all the family drama and expenses. Husband was very "I don't care about getting married, but if we are, it has to be a proper wedding". On one hand he would say to do whatever would make me happy (for a wedding), but then when I found my dream venue, he didn't like it. Lots of back and forth and ended up partially planning 4 different weddings. Eventually got tired of it all and decided that since he didn't care about getting married and we were common law already, why bother. Then suddenly he realized he did want to get married, and agreed to a super simple elopement instead. For perspective, pretty much all of the problems regarding it all was because of his mother meddling and influencing him. She was not at the elopement, and 2 years later, still don't think she's happy about it. The wedding dress hanging in a closet just reminds me of all of that crap, and of the couple grand spent on something I will literally never wear now. But resale would maybe if I'm really lucky get me half my money back, so I'm just holding on to it incase we eventually do pictures or something.
If money isn't a problem, then get someone to do that for you, or don't have a lawn in the first place cuz it's a waste of land, gas, and money.
Find another job and quit while telling that boss out loud "look at this guy/girl thinking they are the successful yelling leader type of silicon Valley who will make billions by yelling. HOW CUTE. Huehuehue." Then leave
Same. =(
Being hung over
Gabbo.
I came here to say this. *hugs*
A house. I work a full time government government job, not entry level, and have been in poaition for 3 years, in downtown, but I can't afford to buy a house less than an an hour away from my office. Which then would pretty much means I also need a car. So instead I continue to rent downtown.
Gel blaster, more sushi, better PC
Depending on the situation I either helicopter dick or hump my wife's leg until she either says stop or just gets bored and walks away...
Fuckin’a. I was watching The Simpsons episode the other day where Bart and Lisa go to military school and the drill sergeant says to Bart, “that’s more cursing than I usually like to hear from a soldier during peace time.” And I was like, “oh yeah! Peace time! I forgot about that concept!” and then I got really sad.
Trying to actively be a decent human being, allways when possible telling the truth and keeping an open mind to change. I like that about myself.
Oh yeah absolutely but I was pointing out we don't get everything else like the comment you made suggested but I would also point out that people in the public sector don't hate making money either
Do they have to answer 100% honestly?  "Do you love me?"  "Have you lied or betrayed my trust?"  "What future do you see with me?"  If you don't love each other, then it's time to leave. If you are being lied to or your trust is betrayed, then you'll want to know that so you can dump them. If you don't have a future you are wasting your time.
Peugeot drivers
Epstein
A car
If you say so, ive been to cities theres nothing there i cant get here.
Josh in Missouri.  I was passing thru. We spent the night together, had incredible sex that night and next morning, then he went home.
We all know what it would say...
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
they turned not just old, but ugly too
Because the door is locked...
Healthcare
Living on a prayer
> Did the lefties storm the capital with the goal of killing politicians?   *cough* something something, Kavanaugh hearings.
My hamstring back.
Never played it then. Bought the switch version and hated it.
Broken arms, it's a very gross Reddit post
Rocks don’t meet the criteria we have developed for being alive. They do not reproduce, they do not respond to external stimuli, etc.
Having sex with people who were (at the time) 30 years younger than my current dating pool...
I go to school for PE only, but i was told stories about the 3rd grade sea shell scam. Basically, kids would use shells as currency to buy slime and shit like that. Now, we live in Alabama, so you don’t just have large collections of shells lying around. Well, a couple of people cracked the code, and realized if you dig deep enough under the swing set, there’s hundreds of shells. They would sit on the swing sets and use their feet to dig, and then collect the shells and buy slime in bulk. Nobody knew how they did it, and where they were getting the shells, but something fishy was up. Eventually, teachers caught on and shut down the whole thing. If you were caught selling slime or holding shells, you’d get it confiscated.
100% agree.  But there were realistically only 2 choices.  Until the entire system gets fixed American are seeming always going to have to vote for the “less bad” choice.
Literally just watched a video of someone chugging an 18oz bottle of Fireball. So that's great.
I’ll just admit it, waking up to see a highly downvoted post.   I posted what I thought was a funny drawing I did of a “slob in cool guy costume” —like “this is the guy who says you must be fun at parties” — that just got ripped to shreds.
It does, yeah. There's a lot of instability and uncertainties that aren't financial. Sometimes I wish they were, so I could pay those away eventually. But when they say "there are things money can't buy," they aren't kidding.
How the turns have tabled
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
A Tesla.
Babys, all babys, they’re not cute and you know it.
My youth.
Can't buy anything in a closed store
University of Phoenix student I assume?
No it's generally made fun of.   There's an entire subreddit called awardspeechedits.   The one thing worse is casually apologizing. Have you ever been on the internet? have a spine
A GPU thanks to scalpers
Tattoos to cover my self harm scars
Tetris
What?
That's not always true lol
This will date me, but my school was an early adopter of 1-to-1 computing, so we all had palm pilots. Now, I had my own already (my dad being a gadget geek) and thus had software that was otherwise forbidden to the masses. Included in this was a nifty program that would use the built in IR transceiver to record remote control signals (you held the remote up to the IR sensor and the program would record the signal it received) that you could then program onto on-screen buttons. Every classroom had a TV in it at this point, and many teachers were lax about the remote controls, so by a month or so into the palm pilots, I had every classroom’s on/off, volume, and channel controls on my palm pilot.   I only made one sale though (10$, as I recall) - the idiot I sold it to wasn’t sneaky enough, got caught, and ratted us both out. Alas for what could have been.
Tom cruise
A Home
In fact you were talking about cockroaches.
You should...it's really good and this is coming from someone who knows absolutely nothing about League of Legends.
Surgery to get rid of loose skin after fat loss. More body dysmorphic now than I was when I was bigger and unhealthier. Just so hard to stay motivated with weight loss and staying heathy like this :(
It absolutely does.
Being the first in my family to go to college
A whole record? Where can I find such a thing?
Covid 20, toilet paper is once again being rationed. You’re number 7 in the queue, there’s 3 rolls left.
rarely anyone says it to me as it is so i forget about it myself
$100-$500 CAD.  I'm currently battling MRSA (I do mean battle, it's been 2 months), on a fixed income and I have to wash bedding, towels and clothes daily. $3/day may not seem like much, but it is when you're on your provinces disability service.  In addition to having to buy chlorexedine soap (which isn't covered under the Ontario Drug Benefit), and other cleaning products, bandages and the like, my limited funds are just depleting.   So nothing fancy, I just want to financially survive this stupid ass bacteria, lol.
Living at sea
Non sense
"What's Belgium famous for? Chocolates and child abuse. And they only invented the chocolates to get to the kids."
This is great advice and i didn't read it until after I left my comment but this is exactly how I feel about it. Be patient with yourself!
The Jon Snow subplot was planted in the first book in *1996*.  Talk about a wasted plot.
Oh boy, now there is a loaded question haha.  I would say ... a conservative figure of around £500K. 40% is the house and outstanding debts.  The rest I would make it work for me, to the point where I would be covered for the foreseeable and when I do choose to work, I am in control and can choose what I do, I can learn skills in my time, hobbies, take some courses, help other human beings. I would find a way to help others instead of being forced to look after my own all the time.  I think that would cover it, absolutely.
The shower
3 more penis’s…..on the forehead
30 years from now we will either have aristocratic socialism or democratic socialism depending on who owns the machines.
Doc martins. Would go great with so many outfits I have but They’re so expensive. Looking for some at thrift stores or dupes
Can you describe his awesomeness? "Awesome" is so abstract.
Anxiety over a task not finished
Im sorry if asking this is rude but how old are you all
Oooh eeeh ooh ah ah. Zing Zang walawala Bing Bing!
One of the most underrated movies ever.
Posting pictures of mentally disabled people on r/aww.
never and im ok without ever having sex. 38
mention not, welcome. just be patient
China.
A girlfriend.
Some wives
BP.
Portal 2. It has a lot of potential that they didn’t explore so the game is a lot shorter than it could be, puzzles could’ve been more complex/could have been more of them. The game and story were short and the characters weren’t very fleshed out and were kind of 1 dimensional. It’s not bad I just don’t get why people worship it so much considering how much they could’ve done but didn’t do.
I want a plane ticket to Tbilisi, Georgia
Jeffrey epstein
 I do not want what I have not got.
Mainly logic. Almost all religions are anthropocentric, putting humans above all animals and at the centre of their doctrines. Kinda like when we believed that the Earth was the centre of the universe with the sun revolving around oir planet. And the timing of all major religions is all wrong. On a 4-5 billion year planet, which has only been inhabited by homosapiens for the last 300 thousand years or so, we are stuck with the  major religions that only go back 2020 years - which conveniently keep the power to the elite.
There are inconsistencies to the ptax though.  Ours is $7k and our mortgage all in is $1900 a month.
Just to point out that $1400 is more than full time federal minimum wage. Younger adults have to live on less.
I felt worse running into Joshua Trees on GTAV than pedestrians :(
Cause I like it. Whats it to you? Are you so fragile that the thought of long hair makes you feel emasculated?
An apartment
Lydia
A reliable vehicle
Long(er) hair on guys.
He's a punk little shit who shouldn't have been there and went looking for a fight because he's a punk little shit with a murder/hero/GI Joe fantasy.  He had a right to defend himself in the situation which that lead to, he's going to get off.
-former. Am a robot in disguise so this is a huge deal.
Lmao you made me spit out my drink
Being single with no kids. Man I miss those days. Life was so much simpler and easier then.
Gmod
Oh.
Chewy Chips Ahoy from the 90's. They've changed the recipe since then a few times and it's not the same. It's never the same.  Also Aidells Mango-Jalapeño Meatballs
therapy
Fireworks as they are practically illegal in my country but people get hands on them and sell them
Season tickets to my favorite football team. I'd go to every home and away game in box seats at every stadium.  If want to do this for at least one full season. Then I'd buy a nice house near the home stadium and live there during the season.
Roughly tied with MW2 and Skyrim
Bet you wouldn't say that to someone's face racist.
Here in Canada it cost me $4000 altogether, out of which some of it got covered by my benefits from my company. You should look into that especially if there's some coverage for eyeglasses. I could see clearly literally the day after the surgery. Although extra care must be taken for a month. There are a bunch of eyedrops you need to take for the healing as well as maintaining the right amount of moisture. Obviously avoid rubbing your eyes for a month. But man, life changing stuff. The surgery itself only takes a grand total of 20-ish seconds. Most time is spent in waiting between and after the procedures.
For what it's worth – Liam Gallagher
a ZJ
"The Firm" It's apparently the leading reason amongst other concerns on why Harry bounced.   Like how there was concern over Prince Archie's skin tone before he was even born. The Firm was worried he'd be "to black" for British taste.
Hayden Panettiere's looks have been pretty sad recently.
I think it’s a mixed bag. Maybe there’s a larger percentage of good shows, but there is still soooo much crap. For every How to Train Your Dragon or My Little Pony or She-Ra, there’s stuff that’s absolute garbage pumped out to meet algorithms on streaming services. Which reminds me, I need to go figure out what my five year old was watching yesterday on Netflix so I can block it before I ever have to hear rainbow sparkle whatever screeching again.
A big ol metal40x20  building on a slab with roll up doors 10’ ceiling and a small tractor with back hoe and loader.
Nothing
Sure bro. Can I have the vaquita stew? Also some javan rhino coffee
*28.8k dialup sounds intensify*
Snap my fingers at you for not being fast enough!
Literally every situation would be terrible to shit your pants. What would you consider a good situation to start shitting your pants?
The apartment manager that used to work here was a pastor. He would talk about all sorts of sick, sexual shit, too.  One time he and a few neighbors were talking about how another neighbor attempted suicide again. One said he did that for the good food at the hospital. Then one neighbor said he wished he would get hit by a city bus. And that evil fuck once told me to commit suicide, and had a giant turtle shell in the back of his truck. And i think it's illegal to kill turtles here. Plus; turtles are awesome.
Court
That very famous tv show about a horse adopting kids or something.
Luxury
Madonna, like a virgin
It's not major surgery to get hearing aids. There are a bunch of different techniques and I believe some different medications. I don't understand how you have one comment saying it's really bad and then another saying it's not bad enough to do anything about and indicating that you haven't even looked into treating it at all.
Engage in some good old fashioned gunboat diplomacy.  Those Hawaiian islands look mighty fine, how bout you turn them over to us for a colony? Oh what's that you don't like that idea? How bout I just park my *heavily armed space* *~~battleship~~* *exploration vessel* in orbit over this here city that you can't touch with any of your weapons, wanna renegotiate ownership of those islands?
I found [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/m8vv1t/til_of_an_experimental_treatment_for_tinnitus/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) awhile ago and shared it with a friend who also suffers with tinnitus. Hope it helps.
Being able to treat women like property.
Come on now, that’s no way to talk about yourself!
Seth Conrad Rich.
Sims 2 it's so much better then 3 or 4
I have a structured settlement and I need cash nowww
"if you are seeing this then congratulations, you have just purchased your very own body, now remember a body could serve you well but it needs to be well maintained in many different ways" "remember to fuel your body with the necessary vitamins nutrients and proteins. But be careful not to live the pump open for too long  as an overflow might cause severe damage to the piping" "in the coming of tempature spikes like in summer or winter remember to stock up with necessary equipment to avoid long term damage"
Just become a psychopath. With a little reading and exemption of morals you can fuck anyone. But now you face the reality of what you are actually in search of and I can confidently say it’s not just sexual gratification as that’s fleeting and only instant gratification and not grit
Conversation.
The world
a waking stick from neowalk. they're so cool and light up and everything! and I'm going to be using a walking stick for pretty much the rest of my life so I may as well get a cool looking one. but they're almost 100 quid and that's a lot of money :/
Eve Online
How them taxes?
JFK
To pay my parents back for all the money they've spent on a failure like me.
Ohh that's good record,on LP or digital. That's a very good way to wind down the day
No ples take back u are real hero no me
Well, you and I might agree on that but I'd never deign to tell it to someone's face. What you eat is your business. I might prefer if you didn't, and I might not eat animals myself, but what you eat is none of my business. I won't make you feel bad about your killing cute animals for sandwiches and in return you won't make fun of my penchant for progressive rock and Old Milwaukee.
Not giving two shits about "likes".  Living an actual life and hanging out with close friends.  Traveling without having to remove my shoes and getting body scanned.  Less anxiety about life in general and the state of the world.
Haha...yeah, as soon as you think about it, it's so much 'louder'.
living rent-free at home.  Only care/responsibilities were my friends, video games and getting the newest CD releases.  Going to Hollywood video with friends and picking out movies for our sleepover.
So Canada will evolve into teethless blind crazy people as a result...
because parents can't understand the concept of platonic friendships between opposite genders lmao
Oh damn, I watched that movie and totally forgot. I realize now I've been waisting my years since.
Agree 100%
**I really want my wife to be able to go to the dentist.** Pregnancies have weakened her teeth, causing problems we couldn't afford to fix so she has several broken teeth. We live paycheck to paycheck and dropping around $2K on a tooth or two here and there just isn't an option. Unless it's a front tooth. She broke a front tooth and we got one of those medical credit cards to pull it and get a new false tooth so she didn't lose her confidence. It was about $3000. 14.9% APR.
Food for next week. I’m a student and I have a part time job but my fridge broke and I had unexpected healthcare bills and now I’m struggling to stretch whatever I already have stocked up at home.
But what made you want to go that direction?
>No shortage of solar here.   So I’ll assume west coast, which I’d agree with but then space becomes your major & very real concern. Unless you’re on your own & plan on drinking very little (just above dehydration amount) then it would be possible.   Once you require food or to relocate, it’s highly unlikely you’d have the energy to do so.
My uncles in the 1970s would tell me 'in fifty years' the information would come out that Patton was killed. Only a few years left and then we'll know?
Hi, your post has been removed as the tag used is not a valid AskReddit tag.  The only tags allowed in AskReddit are [serious] and [nsfw].  You will need to repost without the tag.  Thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Years ago I went to a Halloween party in Hollywood with my GF. One of those fancy ones in a cemetery with a bunch of celebrities. I dressed as Kurt with a big gunshot wound on my head (I know, tasteful), and she dressed as Courtney, carrying around a plastic shotgun.  On our way out we were stopped by a few ppl entering the party. One guy taps his friend and says "look familiar?" The other guy starts laughing. The first guy says "he played with Courtney." the other guy chimes in. "yeah, I lived with her for a while. I definitely think you guys are right."  No, that doesn't prove much. But if you look at the suicide note, it doesn't read like a suicide note until the last four lines, where the handwriting looks significantly different. Plus he had so much heroin in his system he wouldn't have been able to fire the shotgun. And where the shotgun was found Kurt would have had to have pulled the trigger with his toe.   Kurt was incredibly unstable... But I think Courtney was too. A lot of signs point to her involvement in his death. It would not surprise me in the least that she was involved. Maybe not in a brutal, master plan type way, but in a heat of the moment, we're both high, "fuck you you can't quit the best thing we have going right now" type thing.
How far is it ? Euc can go far
When my BM left I just lost interest in getting off ig. I haven’t watched anything in a little over a month now.
when?
The Division 1, after about a year. Fantastic game. Shame to hear that 2 isn't that great.
I feel like this was the answer OP was fishing for.
Elon, is that you?
It had more to do with his mannerisms than his speech, but ima stop there. I can delete my post if you want.
Land
Dinner lmao
Whatever has rabies
You spend the good years of your life raising them, spending money on them.  Then they somehow end up Hating you and blaming you for their 1st world problems.  Then you wonder why you didn't just wear a condom and buy a Nissan GTR
You can count me out.  My adopted son is black and I'm not inflicting that level of racism on him.
Megalovania
I’m going to start by saying I’m in a great spot with my mental health. However, my intrusive thoughts manifest in images of me dead, and I’m just staring at my lifeless body.   Im in therapy getting help, and have a great home support system. So before I get the slew of responses just know, I think I’ll be okay. 😉🙂 thanks
When I joined the military. I was 19 and thought that my upbringing was bad. Man was I wrong. I met so many people from all over the US that had a way different life/had way less than I did. Changed my perspective real quick.
You must be really old becuase that was around when I was in middle school. (2013-2016)  its an app called snapchat you can use to talk to your friends.
I'd have loved to do the same, but after the pandemic is over I can't guarantee what my lifestyle is going to be like, and whether it would fit well to have a dog.
A house
Damn she got fat wtf
I had scurvy. My dumbass bought the cheapest of the cheap food off Amazon before it was reliable and are nothing but plain noodles and pancakes for a few months.  Needed that cash for booze in college you know? Went in to the free clinic when my gums started bleeding. Luckily I didn't lose any teeth.
Yeah, those are freckles. You're thinking of that word that preteens use when they don't want to drop the F-bomb.
not being born
I thought this would be some harem shit after the first part.
I'm so glad another student took it upon himself to figure stuff like that out and pass it along. Some of the most fun memories of my school years as well though.
You 3 seem like you're in a similar situation, you should move in together.
We had like subway at our private school and the item that would sell out in the first few minutes were the chocolate chip cookies. People would either buy a few or slip some in their pockets so they didn’t have to pay for it. It would become our currency trading cookies for favors like doing other people’s homework.
Anything when my kids were little and they were just lost in playing.  It was always wondrous to see how they were developing
Hibernation.
Nope it was some type of chanting and not very clear at all. I was visiting very famous people and legends of them being in a cult and getting the evp makes me wonder if it was true
No responsibilities
Pot.
I work at a poké restaurant. I eat it everyday. So that :)
Early retirement
A house in SoCal
THPS2
A lot of people didn’t plan for the future. How can you feel sorry for them if that’s the case.
Coriander
Lol oh yeah I forgot that Elon personally invented everything for Tesla instead of relying on underpaying his employees and sucking up government subsidies while benefiting from technologies that were only possible with publicly funded research. Wow gosh, silly me, I must just be peanut butter and jealous.
But the world was so much better in the early days.
Healthcare
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Destiny 2
My cock
Funny enough the next time I went I still had to go there since I usually land around 8pm so most places don't close late as these guys (or at least used to - haven't been in two years).   Plus hotel breakfast is sketchy at best. The holiday inn food always makes me feel like I'm about to die for a solid few hours.
I'm on mobile. Sorry for sh*t format.  So, The ACE family charity basketball game. This sums up what I'm about to type. Family claimed they were going to give $100,000 away for charity, but the funny thing is- All the members on each team were people who were rich and didn't need the 100k for the giveaway.   Nobody could make the 10 shots required to win. What did the host do? Called upon his friend to come down and play. His friend won...  They never gave the 100k away- it was only 75k they gave away. They got clowned online for it lol
I want the world to be a better place. What does this have to do with “not being able afford it”, you may ask? I want to do so by creating a virus that wipes out the gene that dictates people being assholes.
Red dead redemption 2
In the middle of an anti-shit-pants demonstration
Vote to make the 100 companies responsible for it to fucking stop.  The average consumer cant really do much in the long run.
Basically what is often called a "condo."  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condominium
Socialism
Which is weird because anyone in medicine knows that poor tooth health can be deadly to the rest of your body it should be one of the top things covered
I could do with no superhero movies for a decade or two.  They've completely washed away all other sci fi.
I'm cut, I don't consider myself mutilated
I have never had a conversation with my dad because we don't speak the same language and legally i don't have a dad since he never signed my birth certificate or something but i know his real name, i think i know his age, i know where he lives, and i have the ability to contact him, he just doesn't wanna talk to me, and he almost killed me and my sis on multiple occasions. he doesn't know our bdays and i suspect that he doesn't know my real name. the wtf part is when i tell people that yes, i still love him
Pooping. I have the lucky combo of IBS, IBD and other conditions that have gastrointestinal related symptoms and it basically controls my entire life. I would love to leave the house without the fear of shitting my pants in public looming over my head.
It's true.
The dude wasn't even Native American.
A dad
More time with my son
Does academia count as a fairytale?/s
Fear of the dark. I solved it by locking myself in a dark room
Maybe once a week, I think every 2-3 days would be optimal. 36
You can have a single mint nft that is legal ownership of a real item, or digital item.
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
A purpose.
All oil companies
Paragliding set-up
If you only find these qualities in the big cities, you're describing the South.
nothing...  it's like....  how do I write it down... I wasn't alive so... well... just nothing ^^
An unmolested 2001 Subaru Impreza 2.5RS Coupe with the fog lights, spoiler, and hood scoop, in manual.
Yup, and I had like 40 or 50 figures and lots of vehicles. Tanks, choppers, motorcycles, planes. :-(
Tonal
Playing outdoors.
I don't know, I'm so sick of other people's bullshit (needs) that I'd rather just cater to myself.
I'll go the opposite way. I don't think JFK was an assassination. His head just happened to choose that moment to explode on its own. Look into it is all I'm saying.
A 2019 Honda Accord with a manual transmission. I’m the cheapest one I’ve found is $27,500 and after busting my ass to pay off my last car (which was totaled the following week after my last payment) I refuse to finance another one. Looks like I’ll be settling for a 2014 until I save to buy my dream baby in cash.
A house, a car and a CNC machine
Happiness….
Good healthcare. I'm pretty sure I have early colon cancer/lower gi complications. Can't afford to get it treated properly after my first 4k medical bill where nothing was diagnosed.
A car. Mine was stolen in between deliveries at work a couple of days ago, and I hardly make enough to pay bills. I don’t make enough for food, I used to rely on driver tips but now I have to rely on my family, which sucks. I know it’s only been a couple days so my car could still be found, but I’m mentally preparing for the worst.
I'm so happy for you! Congrats on escaping the trap.
I wasn’t alive for most of it, I was born in 1996.
Huh
I bring it up when the argument is Obama was a bloodthirsty monster but Trump was an angel that caused no harm.  It’s a very valid point to bring up in that discussion.
Love
I’m going to guess either DuPont (they invented plastic, didn’t they?) or ExxonMobil
As a victim….. don’t care.   My trauma/PTSD/Anxiety/Depression/Hyper vigilance trumps their feelings.
Literacy
Nostalgia.  I would never want to go back to the 90's, but aesthetically, I like browsing photos or media, tech, etc. just to take in how far we've come. Imagine what 20 years from now will look like.
Same 😭😭😭😭
Every time I have to go to an airport, I think to myself, the terrorists won.
Sir, nobody is born cool except people who are comfortable with being themselves.
for me, it was Mech Warrior stealing all of my time.
Sorts by controversial:  > Not being alive  > Not being born  > Not existing  Repeat.
It's OK to not have everything figured out
Armed & Dangerous by King Von
Animal Crossing New Horizons
me three. unfortunately, i didnt take care of my teeth when i was younger and now im paying for it, literally. Tho now i brush my teeth and everyday/night.
A Tesla.  I'm financially okay in most areas, but a real electric car is an expense I can't justify.  While almost all governments around the world acknowledge that reducing emissions from cars is vital to the protection of the environment, after import taxes and VAT, good electric cars just aren't financially viable in most places.  To my knowledge, some Scandinavian countries have completely removed taxes from the import and sales of EVs... And guess what? Suddenly half the population has them and road emissions are right now.  Come on UK. We need better.
I was just at Neuschwanstein last month and the tour guide flat out said he was murdered.
Probably humans. We've got some major issues with traffic accidents and murders.
Oh lol
Teeth are luxury bones in Canada, unless you let it get so bad you have to go to the hospital. We’re working on it, but universal drug coverage comes first.
Not being alive.
At the moment—Bitcoin
5 is when Dumbledore finally tells Harry everything
I'm on a waiting list. It's down to only two and a half years!
A lot of people agree with this. The sad truth is moving out of the usa and getting a citizenship elsewhere is the only option for socialized medicine. Unfortunately, they have to want you before you can live there so that's a whole other thing for someone like me with absolutely no skills. GG
I helped my friends elope and get married because the girl's family was against it as they belonged to different castes. Now they're super clingy and want to meet everyday, including workdays, my working hours are long and they live 2 hours away. If I miss their call by mistake, they start cribbing and crying and get super annoying
Jeffrey Epstein
chihuahua's.... its not a dog, its a small yapping rat, not cute and there always vicious as fuck .. attacking anything that comes near it
Early 20s. Again i never sid they were gonna try to assasinate him or anything of the sort. All i said was they would want him dead
He was for some reason known as the school’s water downing champion, so I just decided to challenge him, because I’m missing that part in the back of my throat that causes swallowing to be a difficult reflex  Didn’t work, he just challenged me every lunch and eventually I got a reputation as the ‘water girl’, if being the ‘piano girl’ wasn’t already bad enough
Random Canadian cashier complains about why you don't speak French,yeah dude i can clearly see French in your face,i am sorry for the cultural appropriation,racism and manslaughter.
Guess it depends on where you work and what laws are in place. I (dad) actually took 16 weeks this year and could’ve done up to 24 but it would’ve eaten all my PTO and im WFH anyway.
I’m your new family now. I am proud of you for attending AA. Happy 24.
A car.
I'm British fanny is another word for a womans Virginia
I guess I'd be the only not vegan left, more lobsters and crabs for me, I'd be getting them for like half a penny for 3 pounds
Brexiteer.
Anything, I'm 15 and Don't have a job
Nope. The End of History is most notably a postmodern idea. The black comic literature of the sixties references the rise of atomic weaponry as the disintegration of a cohesive historiographical meta narrative. This was obviously well before the end of the Cold War.
video of a guy burning a cat alive on his ex's doorstep cuz she was breaking up with him and the cat was hers. she didn't even open the door even when the cat was screaming and burning. just saw that this morning and it ruined my whole year.
A home.  (I work in healthcare)
Abraham Lincoln
Begone from my sight, politically incorrect comment.
A Hazmat suit
You mean Snapchat?
Time. Plain and simple
They already are...
Range Rover
Dental care
Certainly, but kids are known to stuff food wrappers n such is strange places and the janitorial staff doesn't clean lockers, which is where most kids keep their stash.
A cop bought me a drink at a bar once. I was there on a fake id.
I wish
you know what?
Find a new girl
A house
The human
Look at an electoral college map and you’ll see why.
Ricky boots
so i never really got into the whole Anthem hype, but i picked it up about a year ago cos it was on sale for $10, and the gameplay is unbelievably good, but its just so dead now and the rest of the mechanics are just terrible, im so disappointed because it really could have been something fucking amazing if they put the time into it
No one makes you work for the government. It’s the jobs people take because they hate making money and love having all the days off work
Still not as many as now. The soybeans we grow will be directly consumed by us, it won't get inefficienty converted to beef. So we will still farm much less soybeans
School
True, thats my logic with a fair few of my purchases of just "Fuck it". But from what I mentioned I don't actually mean people living pay check to pay check. I mean properly well off without any concerns about money or finding rent etc
Therapy
I've got one about how Jesus was actually a normal guy but was turned into a god in order to control the population but it's kinda long
Tangible thing: A house that isnt falling apart and about 2 rooms short  Non-tangible thing: More time to spend with my family, and even a little bit of time to spend on myself.
John Cage's 4'33.
Mama bears (US). Even much bigger male bears know not to fuck around with a mama bear and her cubs.  They can sprint 30+ mph and have claws the size of knives.
This is kind of like the five-minute trend at my high school of turning people's backpacks inside out. It was pretty funny, but a bit too time-consuming to set up.
brand new Harley Davidson street glide special
Job interview
I only pay like 10 € to go to the dentist in my country, social security pays the other 50-80. Only covers essential treatments though, like cavities and infections, and 2 preventive visit a year. Implants are partly reimbursed after a certain age I think.
Good healthcare
Don't smoke, don't drink, don't do drugs, don't have kids, don't break the law,  do your homework, stay in school, eat vegetables, exercise regularly, and get adequate sleep
Not a guy who drives A Diesel Master 3000XL With 4 Feet Clearance, 3 Feet Long Side Mirrors, Monster Truck Wannabe Tires, And Space Shuttle Rocket Sized Exhaust Pipes but I assume it's a lot of fun.
Absolutely. But it also points the way to the solution.   Tank the rent market. Don’t be afraid to move to an area with better housing opportunities. Can your job be done remotely? Are you interested in learning a job that could be done remotely?   Where could you find a job that you could do? Where among those places is housing affordable. The reality is you can’t afford to NOT own a home. Rent disappears into thin air, mortgage payments, the interest is deducted against your earnings and the rest goes towards equity.   I feel like a lot of my generation is caught up in matching what their parents had. Start small and ghetto. A “starter home” should not be what you want, it should be what you can afford.   The donor class WANT you locked in, they WANT you enslaved. It’s up to us to refuse to play the game. Cause they get awfully whiny when we do that.   Which is very satisfying.
Don’t be fusilly
All by myself.
I feel u brother
The smell. New born babies have an awesome smell to them.
Higher amount of immigration, this allows the cultural impact of diversity.
I live in MN, the MoA is kind of shit. There's a lot of stores, sure, but 90% of them are just chain stores, and the rest are split between weird one off event locations (there's like a racing simulator store and a flag store and a cheese shop from Wisconsin) and extremely bespoke stores (a really cool hat shop for one).  So it's mostly the same crap you see everywhere else, but it's packed like Disneyland. People walk eight abreast because they don't care about other people and come in massive groups, so as you walk you have to dodge a line of people who refuse to part or walk in smaller groups. People are always stopping to look at shit, talk, or just stand in your way for no fucking reason.   IF you want to sir down, good luck. Nearly every chair was removed for Covid (and there weren't many before it) so you're lucky to find one of the three places to sit down outside of a restaurant/food court. The areas on the main floor and any large open area are filled with a lot of really pushy booth vendors trying to sell you phone cases and stuff.  There's really only like two or three legit fun things there, and those are all places that shouldn't even be in a mall, but a separate location (Camp Snoopy/Nickelodeon Land, the Aquarium, and this weird art gallery/museum/expo venue appendix).  Your best bet for walks are actually the smaller malls in the various suburbs that still have a few stores or going to the gym and getting on a treadmill sadly. Well, during the cold seasons. Spring, Summer, and Fall (all five months) have awesome outdoor walks, bike paths, great shopping arcades, and several zoos and gardens. And our city and state park system kicks so much ass, it ran out of ass to kick and decided to just make the trails even better.
I went to jail, not the only one in my family that has been, but the other member has been in and out their whole life. So I guess the disappointment was more for me as high expectations have been placed on me my whole life
A trip to Disney. I have never been there and would love to see it once.
... are you trying to cause people pain? Der Prozess has positively put me off Kafka for life!
Breaking bones for laughs *snap* teehee
Rodeo
Despite what teachers say, Wikipedia is a good source because of the Citations. While it can be faked, the response time of the self regulation is pretty good, they don't fuck around.  But those citations alone move it firmly out of the "trust me, bro" category associated with all of social media.  That aside I'd say, depending on the topic, databases (scientific or otherwise) that are proven to be checked for accuracy not only in its reporting but into its source materials as well.
The internet
Lol, your username
K
Freedom.
It's because I have a feeling that something is stuck on my beard again
Wait til you find out about school lunch debt
That all depends where in Florida. I’m near Tampa and a “nice” house ANYWHERE in the area is 300k. And by nice I mean something that is less than 25 years old and has no flood damage.
I came up with the idea for Chipotle when I was 8 in 2003. Never made a move on it.
Britney Spears
A text from my sister.
slayer
Rihanna - james joint
After seeing the events of the last 15 years, and seeing literally no efforts on the parts of government to fix any of it, or fight climate change or anything else... I've completely given up on the idea of retirement. I'd rather use the money to make my life more comfortable now, than hand it off to some faceless company that can just gamble it all away with no consequences. I don't expect to survive to retirement age anyway, especially since it will likely be 75+ by the time I reach that age.
My whole life without having to work.
Yeah, my son-in-love, I think, feels the connection to his brother through that dog.  I knew my daughter and her family had so much going on, so I was sort of hoping that the spaniel didn't work out, but then I realized it was important for Stephen to keep the dog, so I'm supporting whatever they do.    The dog was getting up at 4:30 am every morning, because that's when hunting would happen, and pacing through the house looking for the late brother.  So, Stephen has been either hunting with the dog, or, on work days, jogging with him for a bit.  My daughter comes home from work, puts their 2 year old in the jogging stroller, and runs with the dog again.  They're willing to do the work, and are an amazing young couple.  Edit for clarity.
I'd say don't do that.   Soda is terrible, and addictive. It has insane amounts of both sugar and caffeine. Both are addicting.   A baby/toddler should never have this. Honestly, the longer you can keep that shit away from your kids, the better. By the time they are preteen, they will likely have soda exposure. The best you can do is never have it in your home, teach your kids that soda is a treat, only to have every once in a while.
Anything at 5 and below
I'm not home rn, they're all in my hard drive. I'll send them in private in a few hours.
Everything
So he *was* a time traveler from the future and took his research with him when he returned to year 2098?
I'm a laid-back atheist.      TL;DR       - As long as you're not       a danger or detriment        to others, you do you, boo
Tiny Tina no doubt!!!
A new/used car
What you don't understand is transportation of meat is very different from crops...it's impossible to easily transport it like meat..meat can be grown on almost any condition whereas crops can't be...and if we are gonna import it then it would create a huge economic disaster for some countries, most people would suffer malnutrition... Crops are more open to natural damage and it's hard to store it in such a large scale unlike meat  Also phasing it out would be incredibly hard due to many reasons and 6 years is too short ... Considering the number of animals(aquatic, terrestrial etc) it would take decades, even centuries tbh...   Crops are geography based and gives less energy for the amount eaten.. etc etc.   I understand veganism is nice and everything.... But it's impossible to convert everyone into veganism
That does make sense. He did tell me not to worry about the thing I asked a question about.
Vale, RWBY. hahaha, I'm in danger
Scythe by Neal shusterman.   It explores what society would look like post scarcity and with humans functionally immortal.   The second and third books weren’t quite as good but Scythe is incredible
Probably, but I'm not really interested in going vegan.
Be by myself, asher roth
An electric car.
Happy, scrolling!
Rick. You know the one.
I was nervous, but I also recognized pretty quickly after they were born, the things that I was not even considering at all became the stress points. Pretty much all the things that I was worrying about were a non-issue. The things that were stressful I grew into handling. If you find yourself worrying about the stuff you're worrying about, those things probably won't be an issue. you'll be worried enough about them they'll become part of who you are and you'll do the appropriate things to stay on top of them, so that you don't have to worry. If you're just "willing" to do an honest job of throwing yourself into parenting, willing to be wrong, let go of your ego, and do the best you can, most of it will fall into place. They grow up fast, but when you're just living it everyday, its in your face whats happening and you can't help but step up.
Except if the entire world went Vegan, the demand for Soybeans would rise dramatically.  Just the demand for crops in general would rise, you'd just replace livestock pastures with crop fields.  At most, farm animals would be kept for organic fertilizer. which would also still kind of rise due to the worldwide crop farms.
A breast reduction.
Yup, not always. Or the cassette either.
Kids. My wife and I are 35/27, and we’d  love to be parents, but the cost of living is so high that it’s basically a choice between having kids and ever getting a chance to retire.   We’ve even looked into becoming foster parents, but we’d need to have an extra bedroom to do it, which just isn’t in the cards financially.
All I've been doing recently is drowning my sorrows in call of duty
yeah, see.   It was a a total nothing burger, just a waste of time and money. . .
I have abnormal hair growth that’s obvious and embarrassing. I’ve been bullied and rejected my whole life for it. The only way to fix it is consistent waxing until it just stops growing. I can’t take any of the meds that are used to treat it because of life threatening side effects.
Education.
A partial fursuit
To pay off my debt so I can be freeeeeee
Same. I need to get half of mine pulled and know implants are going to cost a lot more than I can afford
I’m tired. Been a long work season and just need to make it through these last 10 days then I get 2-3 months off.
I have had very bad addictions but my brain is able to cut it off the next day cold turkey. I quit smoking cigarettes one day after smoking almost 10 years and was smoking a pack almost a day. I quit drinking and hard-core drugs the same way, I just quit cold turkey and been sober for over a year. My brain in very weird and Idk why but I don't get the withdrawal symptoms or feel like doing it anymore, I actually hate the feeling of drinking now.
Never finished college. Kind of regret that
A dependable vehicle that I'm not afraid to drive beyond the city limits I live in.
New teeth too.
Started exercising more, drinking more water and going to bed earlier.
Nono, I think he committed suicide via sniper rifle from a nearby building
yes I know
new gaming setup
try not thinking it involves you. Sometimes people are in their heads for personal reasons and aren't available emotionally
While playing Russian roulette with a group of friends. When it got to my turn and I pulled the trigger I just heard a click sound.
Home, ps5, littmann stethoscope
Wow. I’ve always wanted to visit Canada but I guess I’ll have to skip it since I apparently cannot see there.
Yep. Came here to say braces.
Priests and mercenaries fight demons.   Writing it now -- I'm about 400 pages in.
Jaw surgery (even if I do end up in a position to financially afford it, I can’t afford the time off for recovery.)
I understand :).  Best of luck to you!
So kind of like now. You either get a period and know, or have to wait and worry.
Melatonin.
Saudi Aramco has to be up there at least for their carbon footprint
That is amazing! I have never see anything myself. Did the EVPS say anything specific or that stuck out?
what's. okay   how I should respond to this
Do your own job.
Quit my job
yea some of it is still up there
I miss you(r friends). https://youtu.be/F_1LKhw8mBY
Command and Conquer: Red Alert 2
Raoul Wallenberg  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raoul_Wallenberg
The Sound of Silence
Thank you! It was pretty incredible.
None of them are mine.
Makes sense when you frame it that way... deliciously depraved? hehe. I get it though.
Vegetarian on the way to college and vegan now
Alright alright
Some are very distractive. Some  are vulgar.
Virtually nothing
That fucking bitch killed my hamster!!!   So I want daddy to get syphilis… joke.
Ah yeah most kids today probably wouldn't appreciate Metallica. Meshuggah? Even less lol. Good luck though.
My sobriety is no longer dependent on him. I now realize that i will never drink again with or without him
She's obsessed with me. She wants a friendship and it's toxic. Her Mom hates me.
In the movies, you would get the girl. In real life, you would get a restraining order put on you.
Better you didnt read vagina.....
We got a $1000 holiday bonus on our last check of the year which turned out to be our last check ever with the company since they laid everyone off and shut the doors on Christmas Day. Complete lack of integrity and absolute cowards for not just telling us up front.
50 Bitcoins
Dead people have ben known to shit,  Also the living, have been known to wear adult diapers to bed.
That's fuckin funny to me.
in 1990 we were in a recession -as you probably saw in the news today inflation was through the roof and Bush I was on the same road to destruction that Reagan was on.  The good thing is when you are young and poor and all your friends are young and poor a shitty economy doesn't mean much because it's just normal.
GPNVG-18
You know they have a mental illness right? They're not just evil.
An OLED Nintendo Switch.  I can afford one.  But I can't afford to sit outside in a line to wait to buy one, and I can't afford scalper prices.  So here I am.
Was there hype around it? I wasn’t paying attention, and I thought people wouldn’t trust SE after avengers
Can’t Stop Me Now - The Score (It’s 1:59)
Hope
Me too.
Gum.  Wasn't banned but heavily frowned upon, and teachers thought kids who were repeat offenders where just bitchy people in general without the gum.  However, if you had gum and had it out, people would ask for a piece a lot.
Retirement!
Unrelated but, I literally wrote down your last line..going to help me out in other areas <3
Andrew Breitbart
Endless autumns then 😂😂
Eh, blame the marketing. It was a sport I wasn't really interested in and when the boxing world hypes it up as the fight of the century, I expect it to be entertaining. Since it was boring, it simply confirmed my beliefs about the sport and put me in the same position I was in to begin with.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_contributors_to_greenhouse_gas_emissions  Interesting that eight of the top ten are either state owned or majority state owned...
I want to bump my car payment up so I have it paid off in a year instead of two.
A car
None of the above they're all horrible
psychologist
manga
The mortgage itself is a known rate. Rent? Could go up 25 percent in two months. So Rent is always the most you will have pad for the duration of that month only.
Can you elaborate, sir? For, uh, science.
Because they were dropped on their heads as an infant.
I am even annoyed by people who can sing singing their hearts out, especially if they do that vocal masturbation shit with highs and lows, I want to punch them in the head. I dont like having to listen to anyone sing without specifically choosing to. If it happens in a movie or a show I will never watch it again. If it happens irl I will go as far away as I can. I can't stand random singing.
Nazis were all but universally condemned.
A mega yacht.
My own _______ what I don’t know but it’s an interesting question if you don’t allow teeth related, cars boats etc, and just being rich. I had my own house when I was only 21 and enjoyed the idea but felt like it owned me. Okay going in the spirit of the question a large wooden fruit bowl made of this special wood.
Probably "forget about it" or "you'll figure it out"
Tenet. I love Christopher Nolan but that film was a mess.
Leonardo Di Caprio
As a 21 year old man, I felt that
They do teach us this, but not in regular school. You need a school that's not a college, but still post-graduation.
It’s not as rare as you think in the richest country on earth.  https://www.google.ca/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/identities/2020/4/17/21223565/coronavirus-clean-water-crisis-america
(Haven’t seen the whole series so idk if they’ve done this) but   Everybody uses one social media app that has become so powerful that it has been able to develops a nationwide surveillance system that tracks everywhere you go, everything you say, everything you buy, etc. and then has ads personalized to the individual places everywhere. If anyone tries to resist them, all their access to technology is disabled, rendering them unable to maintain a job, social life, or keep up with the news. After showing this, the episode starts with a resistance group.
My car fixed. It needs a new catalytic converter, but any money i save keeps getting needed. Se la vie.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Food
yes but you’re very obviously being abstract now to avoid speaking about specifically the era exists in, which is fine. if you just have strong opinions you can’t substantiate without abstracting to 1861
I never said you can't feed yourself with plants, we're omnivores so no shit, and I also didn't even fuckin' deny that some plants have the necessary protein we need, I just said there's not enough of variety to supply the entire population of the planet. Your argument makes absolutely no sense in the questions context
Something like: as straight as a ruler
i was on my school elementry band when i was 12, and i was rockin on a high end clarinet. but, i rented it as a part of my school band program so i had to give it back.. i really wish i could have more money so i can afford one of my own.
The optimism for the future and comparatively unprecedented privacy.
We do too much biting for tongues to linger too long in the other's mouth.
See above
my student loans to be byebye.  &#x200B;  Then maybe a small house
A penguin's taint.
Takis when they came out kids would get lunch boxes full of them and sell them for a slightly higher price, they were later banned or the school would punish kids for selling them cuz that wasn't allowed (I can't remember exactly)
Not something I expected to hear when Riley Reid is involved
My own house, a reliable car
More money
To retire today
The will to live.
Yeah and those can be worth a lot too
Do I get the whole plate of risotto, or just one piece of rice?
Goes to the door, scratches.
Cryptocurrency is a farce. At least you can see and feel modern art.
I feel like if we all became vegans we would consume a lot more
I guarantee your teeth are nowhere near as bad as mine were, but go anyways. My cavities got so bad I was beginning to get other health problems, some of which were very alarming and unusual for a person my age. After I went to the dentist, not only did I feel a lot more co.fortable smiling again, but I started feeling better in general.
Retirement
I despise sushi, tastes terrible to me.
Brock Lesnar
They are downvoting your comments so fast!
A home. We are pre approved for a home loan, which was a monstrous task due to all of the tighter restrictions, but housing prices are so inflated that we can't afford any of them in our area that are even livable.
Grocery and gas prices
Well, you're supposed to get the other party to douche first for hygiene and then it also won't smell as bad. There's a contraption in my shower for that that I send ladies in to clean themselves by themselves and have them smell (or hold their nose) their own yuck. Bleach the f out of the shower afterwards.
Same here. Not sure how much I’d have to pay anymore but I’ve had depression my whole life. Didn’t brush my teeth for years because I didn’t think I’d live. Now I’m almost 30 and all of my molars are severely broken (there’s just chunks left) and everything else has cavities. I already need dentures but there’s 0 way I can afford it as I can’t work due to disability.   Hoping for a life threatening infection so I can at least get the real problem ones out…
1972 Olympic Basketball Final.
Vodka and Gatorade/poweraide
Starsector wouldn’t be too bad. Could just hopefully live my life on a peaceful planet. If I was trying to be a go getter in space that’s when it becomes dangerous
To go to the doctor for a checkup
JFK
Hobie Kayak
A billion dollars
An apartment of my own, 1400 rent for a one bedroom,  puts it far out of my reach. Utilities are not included and have heard you need food on occasion.  Studios are not much cheaper.
I think a few of us are very jealous right now lol
Thank You Boys (Jane's Addiction).
Im the only alcoholic that goes to AA
Now you see,I think that's really bad for our collective mental health,I think when we listen to a record we turn off to the outside world and just listen to the tracks. When we don't listen to album we fill that space with podcast or news or just people talking and I think that it's slightly stressing us out. Which stresses our podcasters/news readers out,which stresses us out and so forth so I think listing to music is a great escape that we all need but no of us are getting because there no ads in a record. Am I crazy? Does that make sense? What kinda music do you like? If you like Lincoln park may I recommend "dookie - green Day" it's a classic
Same. I freaking hate this reality. Everyone is making funniless “memes” and getting my pronouns wrong.
Videos were their peak.  There were some great ones in the 80s like Take on Me, or Radio Gaga or Don't Come Round Here No More.  But the 90s took it to another level.  Sabotage is amazing, and so is Intergalactic. Always loved the newest Tool videos and Foo Fighters were great.  They were so much more cinematic
J.F.K.
I wasn't born, so yeah, I loved it
Perhaps that’s why we are in the current state of where we are
He drove there specifically to find people to shoot. He was not asked to defend  any businesses.  And he provoked the men.
The music.  I loved that people were actually making it. Now top 20 is bullshit.  Rap is unintelligible, rock is dead and everything else is garbage.
Well, my old name was linked to my irl name because of some art I've created, so it really was the safest option.
Hehehe, my dad used to send us looking for things that don't exist.
I think it depends on what your job is. There are a lot of farmers in my area that are in their 70s and 80s that still really enjoy what they’re doing.
Really tho the opposite of what you're saying is true... We use most land on Earth to grow plants to feed to animals
When I seen family and friends on both sides of the political spectrum start posing inane stuff and seeing how fast that crap spread. Left before I really started hating people.
Currently, I can't afford anything I want, but I've been particularly bored the past few days, with little seeming enjoyable except Psychonauts 2, I suppose. I need something to tide me over until the new FFXIV expansion launches, which due to its delay will leave me with little to do for two weeks longer.  My bigger things I really want are a PS5, and a VR headset, a good one like the Index. So that brings both of those items close to or above 1k, with how rare PS5s are.
She’s my Rushmore by Every Time I DIe
Healthcare
Literally just moved into my first home after years in one bedroom apartments. All it took for me was landing a remote job.  I've been bleeding money renting in northern VA and have been dying to move out of the area, but couldn't because of jobs. Now, my mortgage is actually LESS than my rent was.  But for the longest time, it felt like I was trapped in that area because of jobs and spending all of my money on just living/surviving there.
oof
2 bums
Brian Griffin family guy and one of the saddest M*A*S*H sometimes you hear the bullet Hawkeye's friend Tommy Gillis and M*A*S*H movie not a death but, a sad scene a funeral scene of a man who just wanted out. Painless not dead but, I don't remember much what happened I know he got shipped home in the end.
What's the point of saving or retiring if you have to live a joyless life to do so?
Failure to follow these instructions may invalidate your warranty.
“Teeth, eyes, and sanity” would be a cool name for a band.
Once a week, would like to pump those numbers up to 3 times a week. 29y/o
Yes! You've got a sharp eye
To retire at the end of the day.
Came here to say this but you beat me to it lol
Or how about she doesn’t? How about Cersei does it so Dani can’t have it? That would be entirely within her character.
It's more about government control than intelligent health policy.
Kennedy
Not being born yet
Tiger Woods
A house
Well I just tried to go to that.... It is private or taken down... Can I get an invite
My mother died when I was 13. My father died when I was 17. My brother died when I was 19.
My first car was a '99 Volvo that I paid 3k for, and probably another 2k in repairs over 5 months before it was a lost cause.
Why not be a travel healthcare worker, theres a lot of demand rn. If youre a nurse, damn you should run out and go to texas or florida and get some cash for a bit and then see what you want to do
Long sleeve shirts under short sleeve shirts and really good music videos
Hi, your post has been removed as the tag used is not a valid AskReddit tag.  The only tags allowed in AskReddit are [serious] and [nsfw].  You will need to repost without the tag.  Thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Being cold
They have a morgue usually to hold bodies when patients die until the funeral director can pick them up.
Any advice what job?. I live in pakistan and this country does not have that many luxurious opportunities tbvh. Its tough to even land a half decent one here as all the jobs are given to people who have relatives as the HR lol
Roofing is expensive yes. Same here with new water heater, furnace and washer/dryer. Never had plumbing issues except last summer when some tree roots clogged up a portion of pipe and had to dig out a section to clear and replace.
Dental Insurance
Well technically they can 3d print you a new part but I'm not sure that's on the affordable end
Snakes, I used to be terrified of them, now I just don't like them. That's because my ex-wife was literally petrified of them, so if there was one in our yard she would freeze up, and I would have to get them out of our yard so she wouldn't have a heart attack. Since then my fear is gone.
I will stop lighting farts. Mine, yours, everybody’s. I’m willing to for-go the inherent humor for the greater good.
Better Telescope
What saved tax money?   My lowest paid employee gets $25/hr, full time, with benefits. And that's to sweep the floor and basic warehouse duties.
He's the assistant to the assistant DA and he's deaf. You "assume" he must also be autistic because you heard him talk funny and didn't know he was deaf. No, you shouldn't have.
Pay my bills on time
Yeah like a reduced monthly pay packet compared to private sector
I might have a crazy one.  In 6th grade me and my friends opened up a food stall in the class. It had a menu  with stuff nit worth any money but we had a huge success with it.   We would cut candies and decorate it with chocolate sauce and sell for twice the price.  Honestly made some good money for a week unless our teacher found out and made up stop.
Hope it helps.
If it looked like a 100% legitimate suicide then there wouldn't be a message with it.  As it is, there's an understanding he could have been killed and presumably people like Maxwell are having second thoughts about what they do and don't say as a result.
Where I live, the color of the occupants of the pink house next door would have more of an impact on the selling price of my house, rather than the color of the house itself.  That, and the house next door is a rental, so it's unlikely that the tenants would be permitted to paint the house.
Yes, it's literally taking skin off
I go outside and look for wildlife. There are so many creatures on this earth that go on with their lives without the struggles we endure on ourselves. It helps me realize that whatever I am upset about is minimal in the scheme of the universe. It doesn’t always work but it helps sometimes. Also setting small goals. Instead of saying I’m going to start running to get into shape I make a deal with myself that I need to get dressed and walk a block. It’s getting started that usually prevents me from doing things. Small wins can help propel you to bigger ones. Don’t lose hope my friend. You can do it!
Elon Musk, he’s working on merging humans with artificial intelligence with projects like Neurolink. He’s probably the closest conduit to accessing other dimensions if you keep pressing buttons and I need to go get my soul back bc Elon sucks.
And their excitement and joy. Things I've seen a million times and am jaded of by now, like going to the beach or amusement park...seeing a giraffe or pretty butterfly. Whether its a true rare sight or mundane, seeing it through a kids eyes for the first time makes it all exciting again.
Show me what you got
The whole concept of masturbation is doing it to yourself. Lol
got in the uni I’d dreamed of along W my bestf ever since middle school, had to let it go because I didn’t get a scholarship and my financial situation was too bad to even consider moving to Canada for it. Now my bestf is going to attend it and I’m staying here, I’m incredibly proud of him  I’ll miss him and it hurts cause it was supposed to be the two of us in a new country building our lives together so ig that’d be the one thing that I’d want to change if I could afford to
It depends.  Not everyone is tech savvy enough to use Androids.  I work in the industry, and if someone asks me for a suggestion, I steer them toward Apple.  Not because it’s a bigger commission, it’s not.  The prime reason is saved data.  I know that customer might break their phone, and I’m might to have to explain to them later that they lost their pictures and contacts if they take an android, just because the storage isn’t automatic. The second reason is technical support.  Androids are customizable.  Personally, I love that about them!  But for providing technical support for someone who doesn’t know how to use their phone,  over the phone, I have no idea how they set up their preferences.  9 times out of 10, neither do they. Personally, I have an Android simply because I like to make my own apps, and Apple won’t let me do that. All in all, under the LCD, they’re all just about the same.  Samsung even makes most of Apple’s micro-chips. This is my PERSONAL opinion, not the opinion of the company that I work for.
lebron
Covid vaccines offer better and longer lasting protection than naturally acquired immunity
I've lived in a country that's in a hybrid where online shopping isn't popular but we still have the internet. It leads to you discovering a book you want to read but nobody sells it (have fun calling stores trying to find the book), and importing stuff is a hassle.  So without the internet it'd be fun, I wouldn't know what I'm missing out on.
Do you have enough evidence to be 100%? We’re you there? If so, did you just prove the other guy right?
Princess Diana
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
No, you see, in the original example, she's not *actually* looking to have sex, and certainly not looking to have sex with anyone. You're intentionally twisting things and changing the situation, that's called a straw man.
That’s exactly what cities have become.
"Her ass was like two pancakes but I still fucked her"  I heard that while walking past two teenage guys in the mall when I was a teen.
Me not existing yet
A studio to draw in, I will be able to make so much more art
I think I am the last one in line but just my own house.   After 8 years of working and an above average salary I still find amazing how prices of apartments keep skyrocketing.
A meaningful life
DuPont for sure
Wanted to open my own arcade, then hotel manager, then anything with computers. Now I'm in charge of meat department at Walmart. It's a living¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Me too. I just gave a dentist $5,000 for my kid's dental work. No idea where the other $8,000 is going to come from though. My teeth are just going to have to wait. Probably forever.
If you have to ask…
That’s an angry dude.  The funny thing is he could have come up with legitimate arguments on why he disliked the iPhone but instead he went for weird nitpicky things and outright lies.    Like how he says it takes four taps to type in an ellipsis and then has pictures showing it only takes 4 (keyboard switch + period three times).  Also the way he talked about an iPod not actually existing was so weird.  It was super obvious that by calling it an iPod, Jobs meant that you could use iTunes to load music onto your phone (which was an actual selling point back when it came out, even though iTunes is now considered garbage).    I love reading old articles like this.  Dude was so confidently incorrect that it’s hilarious.
It’s illegal in the us to separate puppies from their mothers before 8 weeks of age. There is no paid parental leave in the us. Dogs are treated better than people over here.
A meniscus transplant. I’m 18 and I can’t jump or run.
I was just a kid but the future was bright and I felt like I could be and do anything.   Also Britney Spears was going to be my girlified if only I could somehow find her... Sadly I never did.
To not have to work for someone else.
Lol, exactly.
Why are corporations evil right off the bat?  You think every corporation is run by Dr. Evil?  We watch too many movies about corrupt corporations.  Yeah corporations look for profits but that in itself evil.   Though I never hear what about Unions?  They give in the billions every year and not a single peep why is that?  Like my wife is a teacher I read their articles, it is like reading the lefts periodical of how Republicans want to destroy this nation.  Are all teachers Democrats, well no but their members don't get a say on where the 100s of millions are spent only on Democrats.  Strange how when Social Security was created the teachers union were exempt from that and they have their own retirement system that is vastly superior to the current system.  Is that not pay to play politics?  Corrusption is everywhere don't be blinded on only corporations the people who run and the system is corrupt on it's own.
What you pointed out is ok, go teamseas. But most of his other content is just dumb (stick a cactus up your ass and win 500k!!!). Not much different than those russian oligarchs throwing money on the streets and watching people fight to grab it. And giving money to homeless people, though it seems counter-intuitive, is not actually helping them, if they got to that situation through addiction or mental illness, then they are incapable of handling money. They will be back in the same situation in a week.
PS5
sounds like a fun date, I don’t see the problem 😂
8 hours of sleep
r/JustBootThings is right this way
Anything during the Clinton Vs. Trump elections. That was too obvious though. Also anyone who spoke out about Hollywood. Michael Jackson as well. Any doctor with a brain would've stopped administering Propofol. Also, since when do we do CPR on a bed?
Faint is pretty good
I was at BBQ once as a kid. there wasa vegetarian family there with two little kids, about 4 and 5.   My dad grilled BBQ chicken. The kids saw it/smelled it and were like "I gotta get some of that". So my dad made them all plates. They ate the chicken. Parents found out and freaked out. SPANKED THEM FOR EATING MEAT.
The idea of masturbation
Keri Russell and Gigi Hadid. Surprise me every time.
Oooh, I made the same recommendation. Let me comment on yours so it goes up. :)
A house
Depends on your country, but it might actually be zero. I knew a guy who founded a school. He had a PhD in philosophy and maybe some business classes, but not anything in the educational department. As far as I know, you just have to adhere to the curriculum if you are a subsidized public schol, but for private schools the rules are even more fluid.
Idk any kid who hasn't always wanted to stay up late eating junk food all night. Of course there's kids out there who wouldn't ever want that but the majority of kids would love that.  Give a child a bag of candy and other junk food at 8 pm and turn on video games. U think most children will give back the junk food and candy and just go to bed? Of course not. They will have a great time and just keep eating the junk food all night until its gone.  This is common knowledge that anyone with common sense should know. Why do you think parents give bedtimes to their kids? Without a routine the child will stay up late every night playing with their toys.
To go back to rehab for my depression. Every day is getting worse.
Not being alive
The problem really lies in that those that aren't Stepford are one crazy HOA president elect from becoming a Stepford.
I mean it’s not perfect I wouldn’t expect it to be but I think it’s displayed the scene just fine far better than the other movie. It’s obvious she taught it all to him why is it so bad that she was reciting it at the same time as him? Should they have done the annoying internal monologue for each character like the last movie? How do you suggest they fix that?
Caesar
The least amount of internet
To get away from home. It's a bad environment, just finished uni so am back and don't want to get stuck here.:/
Not existing
Quality healthcare.
Peace of mind
Honestly?  I hope they would say the truth, whatever that might be.
Cows and pigs would definitely not go extinct, wild versions of both domesticated animals are very successful, and even domestic ones easily transition.  Idk about chickens though, they do have a fast birthrate so that could be helpful.
My own apartment. I'm sick of always living with 6-7 people in communal houses, there's always someone who acts like a giant dick trying to 'run' the house as if it were their own.
Most nights, and I'm pretty happy with it. 25 and in a relationship :)
Radiohead - I Will
Someone yelling at me
To retire
Nestle
YESS!! you go!
I have those nights sometimes, but as I get older, a good night's rest has become more important, so I don't stay up until 2 or 3 in the that often anymore. I also like to get up early enough to make some breakfast. So I guess those can be considered "doing whatever I want." I miss being able to come home and just play video games for three hours or play my instruments for however long until my mom banged on the door for me to stop. Haha
The average new car payment in America is approximately $560 a month over 6 years. The average new car sold is about $45,000.  Of people making $100k+ in the US, over 10% have zero remaining at the end of the month. They are paycheck to paycheck.  Even back in the 70's/80's, Americans were saving notably less as a percentage of their income compared to Germans, Japanese, Swedes, Brits, etc.  There is a cultural aspect to the lack of savings in America. And whenever it is brought up or criticised, the immediate reaction is to talk about people living at the poverty line. Of course it is going to be impossibly difficult for those people to get ahead, but those aren't the only group in the US. Middle and upper income Americans are woefully bad about savings and retirement too, and I think that is the bigger issue.
Hammered in the butt to death has gotta be the most brutal way to go.
Healthcare
Lowering it may reduce suitability in times of resource scarcity.
A DJ controller
"Bro" my partner has ulcerative colitis, which is a pretty common illness. A vegan diet will literally kill them by malnutrition. Clearly you're vegan, that's fine, but not everybody can be. That's also fine. As for "farmers will just farm plant shit", that's not how it works at all. Starting a farm isn't as simple as putting seeds in the ground and making money, especially doing it somewhere that had previously been designated for animal use.
As of this moment heroin. I think I can scrap by the end of the day until I need more and then buy.
No that's amazing. I love you said Eddie Hazel.
I know.
88% of Reddit right here
Ford Mustang Shelby.... European here, It would take too much to bring it up to standards here :( (i meant regulations according to law)
Half coke, half gunpowder. I learned from a certain Lord of War. Nick Cage.
a friend or partner.
Heck Id fuck you
Feeling like it was as something special to get a new album. I remember my older brother driving me and my JR high buddies to Sam Goody to wait in line when Load came out. We all rode home in silence as we listened to new Metallica. It made you feel like you had something special. Now? I’m pissed when it takes longer than a second to stream a song.
The average Social Security check is like $1,400. Not even close to enough.  Medicare is pretty far from free as well. There's premiums, deductibles, and co-insurance. In 2016 (most recent year I found stats for), the average Medicare beneficiary paid $5,500 out of pocket.  55+ communities are cheaper to buy into, but not cheaper to live in. They have high HOA fees and may have move-in fees as well.  Many people who did spend years building retirement savings quickly drain it to pay for health care. Medicare doesn't cover hearing aids, dental care, vision, or long-term care services. Need a home health aid? That's gonna be $4k a month, cash. It doesn't even cover prescriptions unless you buy supplemental coverage! Plus the out-of-pocket Medicare costs.  Poor planning and savings habits are definitely a factor, but when so many Americans have little to no retirement savings  I think we have to look at it as a systemic problem.
You'd think by the 4th or 5th ant they'd figure out they got bamboozled, but I guess hope springs eternal.
Not amazing but also not terrible. I studied architecture and 8 years out me and my peers are all around $70-75k now. It’s a really slow creep up from here. Architects here typically don’t break six figures until they either go into management or become consultants (both are different jobs entirely, but related to the architecture process)
No need to be sorry. As I said, I'm the best I have ever been, so I'm actually doing well. LOL
A house-
Two co-workers talking about their experience with anal sex and threesomes. By eavesdropping, I mean they sat right next to me and I couldn't avoid hearing what they are saying as they were pretty loud.
To get a good night sleep..🤣🤣
Still waiting on my chance...
I agree - either would be epic.
A home in my dream area just a simple house will do fine peaceful and chill.
The theme when the final boss introduces themselves in Tetris Attack/Panel de Pon.
I'm at a friends house, their daughter just spilled my coffee and I got a bit loud. Tension is palpable
Let's nuke em all. Blast all the nukes and send the world into a nuclear winter. It'll counteract the global warming!
JFK
Wasn't he the t rex in jurassic park?
I can't do anything right
Israel's right to defend itself against the true residents of Palestine. imagine supporting a thief and saying yeah he has the complete right to strike back the true owner of that house which he has just broken into. this is the most overvalued case I've ever seen
Nah, 3090s aren't terribly hard to find - it took me like a week to find one when I finally said "fuck it" and decided to just pony up for the 3090 instead of trying and failing to get a 3080 repeatedly for months and months.
A ranch
financial stability
The music
Why is she stalking you ?
Thunderously hovering upward dick
92% of the country is within 8 miles of a Walmart store
>RTX 3090 lol  I hear ya... after 6 months, I finally got a PS5, I though that was a big deal....LOL
5 to 6 seconds
ICE COLD!
Bio shock infinite will forever be one of the best games I’ve ever player
I will sleep
A house.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qqz4hn/what_is_the_best_toilet_paper_defend_your_thesis/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lateralus-TOOL
I wish I’d said something clever - I just went red, picked them up, took my seat, and refused to look at anyone for the rest of the morning.  This was like 18 years ago, and I still cringe when I think about it lol
Zigazig Ah
Mary’s
My thoughts were so loud I couldn't hear my mouth.   Has just been forever relevant to my crippling anxiety
I can’t say Cyberpunk 2077—right?  Well every other video game, really.
Yeah, I sure remember how all of NWA got assassinated.
My own place to live
why not
Something that I will have to buy in the coming five/ten years that I know will be difficult to buy:  >Driving lessons  >A car  >House or place to live  >My college
Man I did a lot of writing about Chechnya.  Probably the most attention I got was when I presented a talk about the Russians using thermobaric [RPO-As](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RPO-A_Shmel) to clear buildings.  These are absolutely terrifying weapons in confined spaces and it is shocking that we have not seen them used in a major terrorism event yet.
Did you enjoy knocking it off atleast?
JFK.  I don’t care what the ‘official’ story is.
A proper PC. I'm not ungrateful, i have a mini PC (Google "Terra Mini PC" to see what i mean) and a Laptop (Dell Latitude E5430). But i really want a good PC. I don't have the money though because i'm soon starting my drivers license, then i'm gonna save, but this is a long time until.
Was just going to comment this. Upwards for 6k per tooth here in Canada. Free healthcare as long as it doesn’t involve our teeth eh!
I did. I came up with the movie 'Ghostbusters'.  Bustin' makes me feel good.
ASAP Rocky  My girlfriend is literally Rihanna.
A house, or maybe even a family if I’m lucky.
Have enough to catch up on Bills and have a good Christmas with my family
A nice car
Exxon probably
I start at hentai so imagine how long the list gets
There's plenty of scalpers willing to sell one
nah most deforestation is for animal feed or pasture
A foot massager
Where you from a medium or big city?
Understood
Flash forwards in the opening of a movie are the worst. It's not even something I liked that went out of style. They were always stupid.
That’s the strongest theory you’ve come across?  Eegads, man.  What have you been reading?
Where exactly are you from, though?
Oh, don’t get me wrong, I know he’s been in fil s that have been lauded. I just cannot stand him to the point where any movie he is in becomes garbage *to me*.
When online critics praise the diversity and inclusion of the movie and say nothing about the plot, characters, cinemaphotography or acting. That's usually a big red flag.
No thanks, I don't accept the opinions of self centered keyboard warriors who don't give a shit even when their only weak sauce insult is calling everyone who disagrees an ignorant troll, and then feeling good about themselves because they responded like an ignorant troll, and can hardly wipe their ass, because they don't know if the shit actually coming their ass or their mouth, and for that matter, which is which.
Me not being in the meant there was no more company since I ran my own business
ik lol
Yup. It's for sure opinion based, but the guy definitely researches and footnotes every episode to make sure he does present his opinions from a base of facts and historical accuracy, and that really scratches my liberal rage itch.  That is to say, the podcast isn't "news" but it is basically, "Gather 'round kids! Let me tell you about how fucked up everything is!"
Nestlé
When my mom called me handsome
Dang it, I thought I was making it out if this thread. Almost 15 years with my ex. Would probably still do it again. Four kids and lots of good times. Lots of suffering since she quit. I would change some things, but would probably do again.
Records?
Sounds like you need some more time to heal post relationship my dude. Sex is great and all, but only with the right people. Maybe take some more time to yourself and focus on making yourself happy and more secure in yourself, and once you’ve done this you’ll find much more enjoyment in sex and the vulnerability that comes with it.   Wishing you all the best pal! You’ll find someone that makes you even happier than your ex if you continue to know what you want/ like and don’t give up looking.   Took me till my early 30s to really start enjoying sex. It’s not a race, it doesn’t matter what others are doing or where they are. All that matters is you get there. When/ how is irrelevant
Elizabeth  Berkley / Showgirls
The whole country voted hitler into power. Nazism is still strong in Germany. Merkel has blonde hair and blue eyes,  bascially embodiment of the aryan race that nazis love
I have a lazy day at home. I'm fine :)
I also highly recommend reading the book “Bitter Fruit: The Story of the American Coup in Guatemala”. It was required reading in my Political Economy of Latin America class that to took years ago and it contains a lot of detailed and memorable accounts to explain what exactly happened in Guatemala.
Greedy and unethical. All they care about is making money.
They gave them all to Cthulhu.
First off they didn't start World War 1 and two after World War 2 they got super punished, Berlin Wall ever heard of it? That's just one example I think you just learned about World War 2 and have a hate boner for the general German populace.
I'm talking about mental damages, no court can fix that. It has to be difficult
Offmychest instabans for a lot of subs.
That american xtianity is going for world domination to force us all to be like them because of lust for power and fear of the truth.
When I used a coupon for a noise and ear hair trimmer...
Jake Lloyd was hit hard by Episode I
Nestle. Holding water hostage.
Yes and yes.
Bi panic time
bands?
Born.
all the ones I was cringe and awkward around other people and looked like an ass, so much of my life
swedish personality
i took my uncle to get his ears done.  in the waiting room the receptionist told me i was too ugly to read the magazines
This post got a laugh out of me
Yeah just like us in the UK....
This would be my answer as well.
Possible unpopular opinion on Reddit: I don't think capitalism is bad at its core. Its not perfect but I think it can be good if done right. I think the problem is unbridled capitalism. No regulation, no compassion, only profit. I guess what I mean is a cross between capitalism and socialism. It is possible to have a capitalistic society and still have social programs, minimal wealth gap, and regulation on investing and monetary wealth. But right now we have capitalism run amok and that is extremely bad and dangerous. Maybe I'm just naive and too optimistic 🤷‍♂️
Getting back with my ex...if you’re considering? Don’t do it “.
Spanish teacher. Day I finished school met her in a bar. It was fun.
Uuuuugh, has anyone seen the secretary? James Spader is so hot in that movie.
Tellen 7, it's useless
Good song!
Churches can be considered companies?
In 1967, Albania was proclaimed as the first atheist state in the world.
“This is my cock, no one else’s”… or “fuck me like a dirty slut” and “I’ve been waiting to have your cock in my mouth”…. Fuck I miss her.
"Hitler was gay and killed to hide it"
That you for that
Fried chicken
Kick Kwas Christmas Party. sometimes it'll also be Prolly's second verse, it's just that "I think I love your mother, I'll be a Motherfucker"
Also check out how russians won against Napoleon Bonaparte in the 1812-1816 (if I'm not mistaken) war. That was a pretty smart strategy.
But they are thought provoking.
Sometimes people hide that they masturbate or are gay??
American airlines. Worst airline in the world. They screw over their customers constantly and even right now im in the middle of getting tickets reinstated that i never cancelled. They just decided i wanted to cancel a return flight and as of now im out 1600 bucks.
More or less.
Nice try, Hollywood.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qyytnq/millennials_etc_why_would_you_have_kids_with/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yeah my door has a rusty hinge
The company that makes fiber-woven bowls?
[Found a similar thing on Amazon.](https://www.amazon.com/FlexiFreeze-Ice-Vest-Zipper-Closure/dp/B01MQ3NW7U/ref=pd_sbs_2/140-7411146-8790038?pd_rd_w=Ah1s6&pf_rd_p=8b76d7a7-ab83-4ddc-a92d-e3e33bfdbf03&pf_rd_r=0FYT624VRWDZQWV9HZ26&pd_rd_r=d5f7a029-8ffb-4ad5-8b56-8df969749cec&pd_rd_wg=lnxoO&pd_rd_i=B01MQ3NW7U&th=1)
I'm a little concerned I had to scroll this far to see Amazon.
I'm not.
r/Kortney_Kane
Agrees they should acctually ask the students what they want
I'm disheartened by how low this is on the list.   As a company they have actively polluted the ENTIRE world knowingly. They are the direct cause of millions of birth defects and premature deaths every year. They not only have harmed the world for the past century but those effects will last another few generations and they don't give a shit. They actively write laws for governments around the world on environmental protections, waste disposal and dumping so they can continue killing the earth.   Fuck I hate DuPont.
It was nice...idk why people hate it
Existence of God 🔥🔥🔥 I’ll take pro, ain’t no bitch.
Because I'm afraid of ceasing to exist. I'm afraid to stop thinking and remembering.
Wow it has the largest gold mine in the world and oil deposits too. No wonder
Actively working on my flexibility and posture has been a game changer for my quality of life.  Went to see a sports therapist /chiropractor after recurring back issues a while back.  He took one look and said no wonder, I can see your body is crooked standing up - the back pain was a check engine light style warning and not the root issue.  Totally changed up my approach to working out.  Now its more yoga (cant recommend this enough), swimming, walking, variable terrain running, kettlebells than traditional lifting and gym time...which i still do but now am smarter about what i do and how i do it.
You might be addicted to masturbation and nicotine.
Casey Anthony was up there I think.
12 orgasms is my record, although the last few were shooting blanks but still felt great. 2 is pretty much my minimum. I'd say 4-5 is my preference. Who said guys can't be multi? You can if you know you're doing...
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Antics and misfits, too.
any specific reccs?
Yeah. that's pretty textbook grooming and manipulation.
And all the punks screamed, "yippee"
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuccckk
Finger in the butt without asking. It’s a two way street and I’m not talking  about my asshole.
Lasagna
I think Wisconsin should have a bar exam.
Was it a Taipan
Well, then, Monsanto can’t be far behind.
I was probably 15 at the time and I was on a date with this girl who was 18 almost 19, she would always bring up very sexual topics but whenever I would ask her if she wanted to do it she said no. We were out one night at Dairy Queen sitting across from each other. She mentioned something sexual and put her foot in my crotch. At first I thought she was just being flirty so I didn’t think much of it, but her foot stayed there. After about a minute I asked her to stop but she only pressed harder. The interaction of me asking her stop and her giggling and pushing harder went on for a about 5 minutes until her leg was completely extended and was pinned in my seat. Luckily some kid cleaning the floor dropped the mop and the sound startled her. She loosened her leg enough that I could squeeze out of the booth and I bolted out the door just as my parents pulled in. I never told anyone and never spoke to her again. Not the worst story on this thread, but messed me up for a couple months and everything down there was sore for about a week.
software developer
Okay, so there’s this one time, where I was giving birth to a baby, and it was a meatloaf, and people were eating my baby which was a meatloaf, and they tried forcing me to eat my baby
It came in magazines back then, postcards before. Besides your grandpa had grandma, there's unmarried boomers too.  Who do you think clicks on those ads?  The good thing about the postcards was that if I sold you an actual post card you weren't allowed to complain.
I have odd luck with that. My body can quit by than my mind. By which I mean I'll lose the urge to smoke for weeks or months at a time, but if I actively have the urge, trying to quit by force of will is a no go.
There are plenty of unpatented soybeans and wheat farmers can buy. No need to support Monsanto.   Corn that’s worth growing is a hybrid and seed can’t be saved with the expectations that you will have a good crop.
You haven't gotten food poisoning, right?
Literally read a story about how a man was roofied and handcuffed to a bed. How in the fuck is that a joke? Or how a boy was pushed into the back of a car and was crying and screaming for help? Is that a joke as well? Do those just pale in comparison to the ones you hear the other way around?
All the little things, hiding little objects around home makes me smile because it’s just tiny objects that take your mind off stress because it’s tiny and almost like an Easter egg
Cringy Gacha Life stories
It wasn’t your fault.. but you sexually harassed all the people at those parties before she got to you
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You dont have to be the hero yiu can also be the observer
Bernie Sander’s what?
My half sister, who was discovering her sexuality at the age of 12/13. I was 5 or 6. It happened a handful of times, to varying degrees. My parents would go to work and leave us alone and I’d end up naked and doing stuff I didn’t quite understand. We never spoke about it, even as adults, despite being very close still.  I kind of just view it as a fucked up thing I’m sure she regrets and feels ashamed about. I simply didn’t know any better, either. So we both just, locked it away.   It took me years to even really remember or consider this sexual assault, in part because even now I can’t say I feel or ever felt “traumatized” by it… even though I’m sure it did stuff to my brain/psyche.
Are you by any chance russian
Mine is The Camp Counselor: Always has to motivate people, be kind and caring, way too extraverted, and CANNOT stand silence.
We were having sex in highschool. I was about to finish. She wanted to have a kid (at 16) which I didnt know. She poked a hole in the condom. I felt it break. She was on top. I told her to stop because it broke and I was about to. She didnt stop. Nutted. She pretended she was pregnant for like 4 months. I planned to kill myself. It was thankfully fake. I think it counts as assault as I wanted her to stop so I wouldnt be a dad at 16. Im now gay.
Oh wait! Happy cake Day! 🎈
Nestle gotta be up there
sounds like it came right out of a movie
I’m just going to admit what I done, and still feel wrong about. I was molested at age 7-8 when my mom traded me for drugs. I was put in foster care where there was a baby, a little boy age 1. When I was changing his diaper his testicles kept moving and I poked them repeatedly yelling for help. Now that I’m an adult I still feel disgusting for touching his testicles. My therapist told me I was a child and done nothing wrong, and I shouldn’t have been taking care of another person at such a young age, but I still feel I was in the wrong bc I touched him. Nobody ever came when I yelled for help and after a couple minutes had passed I just fastened his diaper and never spoke of it again, hoping something wasn’t seriously wrong with him.
Moral of the story - Adele
Why don't you study the history of Germany after World War I.
Fortnite
Receiving lightly cooked steak at restaurants.
Well sorry. Republic party will try harder next elections.
When my parents stopped giving a damn about my requirements
Yeah I wonder if there's a copycat app out there charging people.
Something like Foxconn. They are the manufacturers for a large percentage of technology out of China. They have live in campus and nets on the outer perimeter of the building. You know, to catch all the jumpers. The arrangement goes something along the lines of upon your death, your family will receive a severance.
Nono i keep it on my left hand😂
If I remember correctly, many countries responded to that by making laws that absolutely forbid any attempts for any company to step near a maternity ward in an attempt to sell, gift or talk about baby formula, and some countries even forbid using pictures of a mother and/or a baby, or any slogans that would imply the formula is better in any way when advertising or designing baby formula packages.
Because it's not ethical to punish an entire country for the actions of an oppressive regime. Not all people in said country agreed with them.
Knock knock. What a cluster fuck that was..
>Out of curiosity, do you think the top 5 shows from kids in America would be the same ones as the top 5 Japanese kids?  In those age ranges? Yeah. Japanese kids don't really watch American TV for the most part, whereas Japanese media is HUGE in America and pretty much everywhere else.  I can't really comment much on food trends and while food is an important part of culture entertainment is how you spread ideals.
I'm a piece of shit for...NOT saying "something something power dynamics..."???
Something Awful forum's quality nosedived in 2013, so I looked for an alternative.
And I'm sure you're quite the upstanding gentleman yourself. Care to elaborate?
My point was that multiple similar instances of assault equate to abuse. Assault, generally, refers to a particular instance; a pattern of assaults, from the same perpetrator using the same methods, can be called abuse. So my point was, not only was this person assaulted (once or twice), they were abused.  I agree wholeheartedly that the number of people reporting would go up if more people understood how many experiences constitute assault/abuse/rape/etc.  And I'm sorry to hear about your and your girlfriend's experiences with sexual violence.
Is it possible that your sister was being abused? This doesn’t change what happened to you but she was very young to be behaving that way.
4560 days after Sept. 11, 2001:    On 3/7 (it was GMT)   Flight MH370   On a 3700km flight plan   disappeared at 37000 feet altitude      (37^4 - 1) / 4560 = 411    411 is the number you would call in the US to locate someone.
Anything owned by Ira Rennert
Mental illness+autism+ADHD. Basically.
Your mom’s a pretty fine catch   Could watch all day.
Cape Verde is the third largest nesting site for loggerhead turtles
I bet their emergency-authorized mandated vaccination is fine though.
I got ya for three minutes! Three minutes of pain! Three minutes of playtime!
How the hell can that happen?! Did you only have that one account and all your credit age, total credit etc dio to 0?
" i want to know the taste of my pussy on your dick"   I fuck that woman so hard that day
Closed mindedness, if tht is even a personality type but it’s very sad and most aren’t open to change or differences
You are right and I am wrong
The Chinese Communist Party, they own tons of businesses. They are belligerently threatening sovereign states while simultaneously literally committing genocide and rapidly building up their military for what could be WWIII. This is borderline Nazi level.
Drunk and trying to pass out at the end of a party and drunk bigger girl wouldn’t take no for an answer. Kept dry humping and grabbing me that eventually my pp got hard and at that point I just stuck it in. I mean, I finished, but I didn’t enjoy it. I’m not fucked up by it either, it’s just one of those times that I did NOT want to have sex.
Does raw cookie dough count? I think it should count, lol.
Nestle   Tricking pregnant women, child slavery, etc.
thanks, now I know that I have at least one tool to piss off trash talker :D
Hugo Boss is huge too.
The day my wife and I started dating we were making out in my car. Things got handsy and after feeling me up she said "you are going to feel so good inside me" I wasn't entirely sure that hard on was ever going to go away.
my maternal grandma died from her diabetes a few years ago, it was a slow burning issue her whole life, but ruined the while month of December that year and ruined mother for a while most of all, and the next Christmas I could.tell it was on her mind.   don't do that to your family, get on a diet
Nestle anyone?
Good for you
Every other day. If I have something important during the week then I definitely time it where I smell good that day.  If I washed my hair everyday then it's going to be an oily mess really fast, later that day or next morning it'll get bad.
My niece's 2nd Birthday. This happened during lockdown, however the part where you were allowed to have 2 families together. We have particularly large families, so it can look like there is a lot more than 2 households. The police were called by the neighbours and everything, right while we were singing happy birthday.
As an adult I can’t really think of any movies that have scared me. Maybe the first time I watched the conjuring or insidious there was a few scares that I enjoyed. But other than that I can’t think of really any, I’d love some suggestions though if you have any.
"I'm black by the way"
Social butterfly. They are exhausting.
Holy mother of MOBA is that a quick train.
We have an estimated 1.9 × 10^16 tons of fossil fuel on earth. We consume about 10 billion tons a year.  Do the math.
I wonder if it had to do with drug cartels as well.  I say this because I work at a grocery store and the current owner has bragged on more than one occasion about how he used to smuggle cocaine in with the bananas. And the banana plantation was in on it, so. It makes you wonder
Driver’s license
Got asked for a 3some like 30 times in my life, wit whom you ask? My twin brother.
>Marie Kondo  OK, so I was compelled to google her and you may have changed my life with this comment!
I'm missing a small part of my right ear so I choose left because I didn't have choice
I came
Can't tell if you're joking. It's usually "obtained" from the manufacturer. I'm pretty sure they don't use fusion. Transmutation? Maybe it is called transfusion at some level. I think it's just high pressure really. Nothing fancy but takes a fair amount of energy.
What has being an European to do with that (I'm also european.)
Interesting. Did you see SNL last night by chance?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Facebook/Instagram/Meta has combined the addictive unhealthy habits on par with smoking with manipulation of thought and speech of unethical media.
“Take her to the moon for me.”  😭😭😭 I’m 35 and this scene destroys me
Another great suggestion is to not look at all the horrible things but to look at the great things the human species is trying to do. Like 4Ocean cleaning up beaches for example. There are a plethora of private groups that do more good for the environment than any government agency in the world.
Turkey, I will be smoking ours and they always turn out great. But great for a turkey is still bland and boring.
I thought I was being a good friend by telling my coworker he had dust in his hair…. It was dandruff.
Ashley Madison.   Affairs have always happened, but it feels like companies are attempting to make it an acceptable social norm. It's people's lives that are being played with - "home wrecking".   If you intend on finding love elsewhere, please end your existing relationship.
Oh got it. I think the taboo or forbidden fruit factor of it is what draws people at a young age. I wonder with it increasingly becoming legal and losing that edge will lower the anount of young people trying it?   A few European countries did this with beer for teenagers. And the amount of young adults who binge drink or couldn't handle alcohol appropriately was lowered.
It's more terse than "Fuck Joe B and the hypocrites who run propaganda for him."
a milf once said to me "Sexy!" as I was running back to home. it was late evening last, still in summer weather with my shirt off. as a young guy, I had abs. so ig that attracted her. first time I ever been catcalled & it was awesome
Or indeed my "Blood of the Peasants" jeans.
 loan money to someone
1.....2.....3.....4 ... I declare a tongue war
Boredom.  My husband introduced me to it.  I only browsed for a long time.   My cake day is tomorrow!  I missed it last year, we will see if I remember this time!
Just went up 9% to 8hrs a day
It’s looking like identity fraud for me…
Eraserhead.
wtf, for fake internet points?
capricciosa
College after party at the house I rented.  Girl I went as her "date" to a formal just as a friend came into my room and basically just laid in my bed at 2am, and initiated contact shortly after.  I didn't say no or anything, but I didn't want to. I wasn't attracted to her at all.  I'm pretty non-confrontational, and I don't like making people feel bad so I just let it happen.  So I suppose I technically was assaulted, but I don't really harbor bad feelings about her.  The only lingering effect is "This is the type of girl I'm worthy of. So I need to figure out how to lower my preferences of physical attraction."  I've never subscribed to that idea. People like what they like, and that's ok. I don't particularly fit some people's preferences either. But it gets harder and harder every day not to feel like I'm unworthy of someone I'm attracted to.
Not assaulted, but harassed. I was in year 8, so 15 and one of my classmates kept asking me for sex, asking things like how long my penis was, and the occasional touch. I could typically walk away, but she would sometimes follow and/or make it difficult to leave by blocking the way out. It went on for like a month before the school caught on and threatened to expel her.   Not as crazy as some of the other stories here, but i still felt like sharing
Well I'm withholding water until they start growing properly I'm not f****** around with them anymore damn it
Sex to me
In relation to the kind you would do with a significant other. Is a back scratch just a tickle but with more force and nails?
I haven’t found one yet, why? Are you hiring?
Never had it but good for you
Since Socialism does not promote greed as a solution to all of our problems.
It was a female friend. She would find excuses to touch me inappropriately, she was really sneaky about it and used "you are like my little brother" as a cover up. I was naive. One day she tried something too extreme to use that excuse. Now every time I think of her I wanna vomit. .. I hope she dies a painful death.
I started a meeting and said someone kept following me and trying to corner me, like they literally wouldn’t leave me alone until someone else came in, then they all said I was sus and voted me out
I agree
Facebook, super left wing and controls the narrative. Super destructive.
Their thought processes
Its an American cartoon in Disney that's basically about a little girl whose obsessed with everything French. She will say French words then translate them to the audience. Will dress "fancy" and talk non stop about the Eiffel Tower..My daughter loves this show so i was just curious what actual French people thought about the stereotypes lol. Like literally every french man she mentions is called "Jean Claude" Her dogs called "frenchy" And she wears berets.
Good barbecue
Any telemarketing firm
Not guilty:  https://theduran.com/kyle-rittenhouse-and-andy-ngo-demonisation-and-outright-lies/
After a wedding my family attended, back at the house my cousins wife and I were the only two left awake. We were watching something and I told her I was going to bed and she came in my room and as I said “oh hey what’s up…” she kissed me and grabbed my little guy down stairs and then when I told her “what are you doing?” She said “I’m sorry. I’m drunk.” And the rest of the weekend with the family was very awkward till her and my cousin went home. I was 18-19 and she was like 28-30. That marriage is on the rocks and I never told anyone cause I had no idea what to say and it wasn’t my place I felt like. Yikes.
Lol 😆
Actually, if Billa sold guns you could. Cat C/D require no license. You go to the store, order your gun, wait for three days(cooldown period), collect the gun, you are free to go. If you buy a second hand gun no such cooldown applies. You need to register that gun within 4(?) Weeks either at an arms dealer(eg. Austria Arms) or with the Police. Only a valid "Lichtbildausweis" is required.
That's March 14th
Its sad when you have to really think about it. Monsanto, for completely fucking farmers over if someone elses crops pollinated theirs
Idk what you’re trying to say.
Karmafarming.
Adulthood
I never understood this. These companies make hundreds of millions, even billions, and they have to use child labor for what? To save a few bucks an hour? Maybe there are other reasons behind it that I am unaware of, but in situations like this it's almost always money that is the driving force.
Or you're a 13 year old who watches them because you want to seem grown up and edgy. Like those middle schoolers who watch South Park and Rick And Morty.
delete the webpage itself  👏
Foie gras..very expensive and for some concentrated fat and not so tasty
That's the most *woke* shit I ever heard. I love it 😭
Road trips are awesome. Most cool things in the world are farther than  a few minutes away.
Thanks for the answer I’ll be sure to try it out in about 30-45 minutes lol. Should mention that I only do cardio for about 10-15 minutes but incorporate into my workouts daily!  Edit might do more as it is a low impact exercise
Actions speak louder
Kinda drunk atm
Yes. I believe no OP is immune from their own questions. I wouldn’t slap you.
Hometime
Lived there for a couple years with the Peace Corps (2000-2003) Amazing country. Wonderful people. All the instability now is from external groups coming in and creating chaos.
Not just some oil companies but Google and Facebook hires people from other companies to do their rating jobs. Paying them as low as $3 per hour. They do this do they don't have to keep make them their employees and hence avoid paying the correct salary for that job.
During a dinner with my family to celebrate by 17th birthday party my girlfriend whispered ‘I’m not wearing any knickers’ to me. She was wearing a mini skirt. My trousers nearly exploded right there.
Andy Samberg as Jake Peralta
Absolutely this. I've spent a lot of time in care homes and a lot of them don't have any visitors at all. Especially when you are dealing with brain injuries or dementia, a lot of people can't cope seeing their loved one like that so just don't visit any more.  I explained this to my Mum once as she always asked me this exact question and I said if your child is just a death partner for you, you're missing out on an awful lot.
fixed it for ya.
At a nationally known charity.
Weird post bro
mardy bum
Thank you for this helpful comment 🙏
Eh...
If the damn thing is smoking you're lighting your dick on fire, slow it down
This is just as drastic.
Really all MLMs, if we're being honest.
A cop can get an arrest warrant for someone's arrest, accidentally go into the wrong house, kill the person that lives there for BEING THERE, and only get a slap on the wrist for their mistake.
If you look at someone random in the eyes, block your windows and stay awake. There have been reports where you look someone in the eyes, you start hearing screams and scratches at your window. Even in high places like an apartment or hotel. It even happened to me once but I’m sure it was just my anxiety.
Exactly
Nike.  Slave labor and sell their products for insane markups with celebrity athlete endorsements acquiesced and paid for with their millions in profits.
Her performance in beauty and the beast though... made me want to put a ring on it too.
I'm gonna go check out those videos. Thanks.
Because language is fucked up.  That's why.
He was one of the most popular actors in Hollywood before Waterworld, after it, not anymore.
Thank you   Your double awesome
Well I'm definitely not the hero in anyone's story lol
All of them.
Me and my friend were sitting on a train station discussing how messed up it is that the neo-nazi party in our country is becoming so big... A dude in a long coat who had apparently been listening turned to us and asked "You know who the REAL racists are?". When we didn't answer he said "THE COMMUNISTS". We were both at loss and said something like "uh... Okay..." cause we really didn't want to argue with him.  The dude seemed annoyed by our reaction and said "but in the future, we will LAUGH when we kill" and made a dramatic turn, which got even more dramatic by the movement of that long coat of his, and walked away.
Still, there's trace from previous you to current you.
I can't legally discuss this right now if that says enough
Now its protected by a government that openly uses it as an export for money rather than a government that pretends to care about it but was so corrupt and inept that they didnt do anything about it because reasons.   Check out the SIGAR reports on counter drug operations in Afghanistan.  https://www.sigar.mil/pdf/lessonslearned/SIGAR-18-52-LL-Executive-Summary.pdf  Before it was being used to make illicit black market heroin. Now it will probably be used more for pharmaceutical opioids
"Are you that big or am I that small?"  &#x200B;  ( I knew very well this was a "line" in the heat of the moment, but I can't deny I worked a 1000%.)
Stay away from Big Mouth and Bob's Burgers.
Rust
Blackmail only works if you're embarrassed about your actions.
Try vuse alto that’s what helped me quit I though it wouldn’t do the trick because I wasn’t a menthol smoker and I only like menthol pods but it did the trick haven’t touched a cigarette in like 2 years and genuinely don’t want to I also sometimes get mr fogs because the taste nice
Because what they practice is essentially a fringe version of psychology based on a bunch of nonsense. When the medical community, specifically the psychiatric professionals, called him out and attacked his dangerous, unlicensed practices, he basically declared war on them and made it a point for the church to try to discredit and attack the psychiatric community at all opportunities. Their claims about psych meds and psychology are a front, it was actually personal.
My teen rebellion was being goth and pretending to be a ninja so trust me. I know cringe when I see it. It will pass and in a few decades this too will be something the new generations will look back on and mock relentlessly.
That's the goal comrade
Good point.
I wasn't going to post anything because I figured no one would see it anyway, but I've decided to make a throwaway and type it out anyway.   I've had a few different instances, none of them were really what I'd call sexual assault but still some stuff that stick with me in my head.   When I was young me and my brother didn't always get along. He could be quite abusive, physically and emotionally at times and I was always the super nice kid who couldn't hurt and fly and loved him to death. Even though he was younger than me, he for the most part could get away with doing stuff to me and I would have little to no pushback.   We live on a rural property and me and my brother would often go bushwhacking, one time we had a mutual friend over, who was a little older than both of us and clearly had some problems. We had gone out into the woods like we often did, and at one point he and my brother ganged up on me and punched me in the nuts. I was maybe 8 at the time and I don't remember it that well, so I can't remember if it was "playful" or if it was actually like malicious and intended to physically hurt me. Either way I was very uncomfortable with what happen, but I never said anything to anyone because i didn't want my brother to get in trouble. Promptly cut off the older friend though.   Another time again around a similar age, me, my younger brother and my best friend had this game called fort, where we would do just that, go out, find sticks and build a fort. While this was definitely not assault in any form since it was agreed on by all of us (we were immature, unknowing, and probably trying to explore our sexuality somewhat)   Anyway, we would role out certain tasks for eachother to complete and if we didn't complete them correctly there would be a punishment. We'd have to briefly strip off a piece of clothing in front of the others. It would be progressively more and more clothing until we were completely naked and had to stand front and back in front of the other for 3 seconds each. Ultimately all 3 of us did it at some point I believe.   Then the most traumatic of them all was one time when I was a little older. Me and my brother were maybe 11 and 9 or 12 and 10 at the time. We had been living overseas and just flew back to our home country to visit. Me and my brother were staying in one hotel room and my mom and dad in a room across the hall. I really don't remember a lot of the details, I think it started with him daring me to jerk off then and there under the sheets. It ended up that we were both naked and he wanted me to suck his dick. I want to emphasize that I was going along with this and did not feel pressured, the only reason I said no is cuz he could be an ass and I was worried he'd piss in my mouth to fuck with me if I started blowing him. (He didn't know this was why I turned him down) I'm also fairly certain at one point I rubbed my dick against his buttocks but told him I couldn't fit it in cuz there was no space.   It never happened again after that, and we literally never spoke of it again either. We were both young kids who grew up in a conservative christian home and were homeschooled. Neither of us really had any real sex ed, and I honestly think we were both young and curious and wanted to experiment and it got out of hand. Either way I feel a lot of shame from that incident but am so glad it didn't get more intimate because it definitely would've became an elephant in the room if it had. I wonder if he ever thought about it and had the same shame too and just didn't say anything.   Things were also complicated by the fact that I've now come to terms with the fact that I'm bi, so at the time I think I "liked it"/was turned on and never really knew why.   Anyway things got a lot better between me and my brother and we started getting a lot closer as he got older and matured. He ended up helping me through depression and is a big reason why I'm alive today. He committed suicide about a year ago, so there's a lot of intense and complex emotions since we never fully worked through the stuff he did to me when we were little. Anyway, like I said not so much rape or assault or anything but just some stuff that happened that really affected me over the years.
I used Wells Fargo to finance some furniture through Bob's discount furniture. Before I finished paying it off, I allowed a friend to use my account with the understanding that they would pay their share. They always did pay, but Wells Fargo made it impossible to pay towards individual accounts. Got more than 1 account for Bob's furniture with Wells Fargo and want to make a payment? Well, they'll decide exactly where each penny goes without even asking you. And no, there's no way to call in and make payments on specific accounts. I tried. It's like they're living 100 years ago or something. So it was impossible to track how much we were paying, to which accounts, and how much we had left to pay. True nightmare situation
McDonald's: "come in and eat shit!"
Webcam shows. Very lucrative
A lot more horny people in the world than philosophers
Yup. Reddit sure isn’t what it used to be.
Nestle
Air Bud
"I don't like it here.  I've decided not to stay."
Well there's boring, boring and then there's drip acid and dress in bad drag at the Oscars boring
There isn’t such thing as a shitty person. Every one deserve love and to be understood. The thing is some people are intolerant to people they don’t understand. And some people are different and rare so that nobody understands them
The woods bro, you wont find me ther hahaha
Levi Miller, A Wrinkle in Time.
Betrayal  Family Friends Coworkers Uni mates Neighbours  Whole pakistani community
When I realized that all the compliments I get about my appearance are from adults, and (almost) never from people my own age
I suffered some mild bullying when i was around 10/11, later when i was in a better state at around highschool my brother mentioned sometimes that he was having some tough times that some kids were annoying him. He said it like it was nothing but i knew what was up.  Me and some highschool friends that know my brother were well ready to unlive some 8th graders
Those are both 2000s songs… lol
Threads like this make me realise we absolutely do already live in a cyberpunk dystopia, it's just the early stages and not as flashy.
This post should be higher up!  Great coverage of the problem!
Having the country not be recognised by international communities, economic sanctions etc.  North korea has all that and they never started a world war
I'm waiting for someone to say "my cat"
>You will become physically dependent on SSRIs  dependency =/= addiction  a good doctor should taper properly
Nestle
Your fingernails grow at pretty much the same rate the continents move
Care to elaborate what you mean?
China is not capitalist. Many westerners have had socialism misrepresented to them. In socialist countries.  The Governments invest major means of production and allow private involvement too. Americans think there is .are no private companies in socialism. For instance China would not allow private companies to prospect for oil which is a national resource . The acknowledged that if the allowed privatization only foreign  private companies would be capable of executing them to the detriment of the state. For lesser projects private Chinese companies are allowed.
When all the cast talks about is how much fun they had filming it
Nah, vape
Oh lordy.... you need to read your history.
Nope.  Google, perhaps.  But the data collection by FB is unmatched by reddit.  Reddit has your run of the mill toxicity in anonymity and echo chambers, but they don't collect data and push content at nearly the intensity of Facebook.  Facebook runs data collection scripts on nearly every website and every major app you use.  Social media in general is bad for your mental health, but Facebook is bad for civilization.
I think it's largely based on that generally there is a notion that men can't be raped, so it's harder to come to the conclusion. Not to mention you might get ridiculed for even bringing it up, by women and men alike. I am no psychologist but I am guessing it might be some mental block mechanism for coping? Not sure.
I’m so sorry you all went through something so terrible, I wish all of you nothing but the best.
I hope you get a lump of coal for your birthday.
I'm also a maladaptive daydreaming so..
Sexitors of sexit what is the sexiest sex you ever sexed
Okay, fair enough
Hell no?
Racing into the night by YOASOBI
Omg I just watched it a week ago. Yeah the whole thing can go fuck itself.
Ryan Reynolds
A bit of a joke, but I’m sure a lot of OG Battlefield fans would say EA, because it’s a company that only cares about making a quick buck with whatever they can.
I’ll be honest it was for porn, I’m only now starting to use it for entertainment
Smile , Nat King Cole or Micheal Jackson, pick your poison
What?
yes, customer service. that's like the worst job ever. Being in a position where you have only a limited set of tools but the responsibility of the entire company perceived from the eyes of a customer.    Did 3 weeks of first level support in IT,.. this was horrible. The devastating disappointment in the voice of the calling person when they realized that they ended up with the newbie.
What other people think.  Just live your life folks, the right people will find you.
Leave the US
they're 2 cheeks of the same arse. we need to stop failing at both and think of a better way going forward
Sex is thought provoking.  The vast majority of reddit users are teenagers who are always horny.  Sex sells and people want that karma.
Wow, nice resource from *the 1990s*. [Check out what the FAO has to say about the livestock sector now.](https://www.fao.org/news/story/en/item/197623/icode/)
What do you mean by 'punished' and why does a country have to be punished for something a radical group did
Having to find a job, so I can buy my own car. Having to find a job so I can afford my own clothing. Life is shit when you are grown up.
Ryan Reynolds
Oh man I forget about that wish you really didn't bring it up
Dog and soup
I was gonna say....
Phone, television, video games. The only time I don’t get screen time is when I’m swimming at the gym. Probably around 60-80 hours a week. I often read books on phone and kindle, watch Netflix while cleaning, and I play video games about 10-15 hours a week depending. 2 hours a day, about , sometimes more but not often.
Fart
You are such a role model, dude. Do you train a lot yo stay fit for your job?
College with another 2 - 3 years of it on the way.
Gods are ridiculous make believe and religion does far more damage in this world than good.
Pretty sure he's referencing Arrested Development.  https://c.tenor.com/OibcqkA9ZlgAAAAC/arrested-development.gif
You're awesome
Posted a fake photo  on  Wikipedia, for years it was cited by a group of sites. I even tried to delete off Wikipedia but was unsuccessful, it took hours of proving that it is fake until thehly deleted it.
when china has free speech, i will trust when people say good things...only then. until bad things are permitted to be said without punishment its all tainted and not authentic. its probably frustrating for anyone that believes good things im sure, but personally i cant trust anything said about china because they literally control free speech.  edit: also there are 42 countries at least that banded together asking permission to see for themselves and china denied them...so china is lying about Uighurs bottom line
Donate a kidney.
Ride a unicycle
Ma belle.   It could have been dirt cheap, if run properly, but you had to play the field.
You're probably pretty close. You could tell the parents knew something from the outset.
It is “ when ur mega sus “
I think it just opened a new era of writing despite not being that good.
College, someone I was casually seeing drove me the almost four hours home for the weekend. We get to my parents house after everyone is asleep and proceed to sexy time. We start moving to penetrative and I realize I don’t have a condom - she says it’s ok I can just pull out (she wasn’t on any BC) and I declined. She proceeded to force herself on me and rode me until I came and then drove home the same night/morning.   I didn’t say anything and didn’t do anything because I couldn’t imagine fighting her off and waking up my parents. What story would they believe? What about the neighbors or cops? I felt like there was no way to stop it so I just let it happen. Didn’t realize it was rape until maybe a decade later.
Wdym?
Just finish and pay so we can turn the table weirdo. And you better tip!
As I'm aware they made it so you couldn't have as much fun.   Also horny teens and gamers didn't help the cause I'm sure.
Fuck me... And fuck her... And that's fucked. So sorry to here this shit
They should probably be number 1 because they fuck up people's minds..
What kinda job lets you browse reddit at 10:10Pm?
Megaman 2!
Yeah not a popular opinion, but that whole TLC thing gave a massive cash inflow to a situation where nature should have been left to take it's course a decade ago.  I think the only "family" not being actively criminally exploited on TLC is probably "The Little Couple".   As far as the Duggars are concerned so long as one defines Christianity as "Hamming it up and lining up the next scam/~~revenue generating opportunity~~ in the name of ~~dear old Dad~~/Jesus, they are the most Christian people we know.".  The whole family is fucked, and has a variety of "outputs" from their religious views that are truly demented from sheltering murderous pedophiles to imposing their Handmaid's Tale version of Christianity on pop TV.   And when regular ob/gyn's say, you absolutely should not have another child, your unable you "have a uterine wall that's as thin as paper", and you still swing away, and your kid is "developmentally challenged" as a result, you **can and should** blame the parents for fucking up.  The Duggars are reprehensible people who use the thinnest/thickest veil of religion to impose the wish fulfillment of dear old Jim-Bob.  The best thing that's happened as a result of their celebrity is the exposure and discussion in open forums, exposing the fucked "religious practices" and video evidence that prosecutors can use against them over time.
Well done. 🏆 and a hug.
I loved the crap out of those when I was a teenager.
Always love a good princess bride quote!
"Put your vagina inside of my penis"  We are both trans, so right now I call my deadname "penis" my vagina. And my partner is trans gender neutral so xey used to have a penis but now has a genderless hole in xhere torso. So currently we have sex by just rubbing my clit penis against my partners torso hole.   I cum so hard from this.
How am I shilling for them?  You make sound like I'm running around praising them as the second coming of Jesus.  I literally said they aren't the worst... Which is a far cry from saying they're the best.  So just go back to r/conspiracy while the rest of us live in reality.
You're awesome
/r/sysadmin
Nestle
I have a long list about that but I'm not to sure if the opponent gender wants see ALL of those qualities because it gets pretty long. (**Not speaking out of malice here**)
Aimer
Amazon. They are named after a forest that they dont give two shits about. All the paper waste from there boxes, the 10 or more delivery guys that come thru my neighborhood everyday with few to no boxes each time, the very little they care about their workers, Bezos pollution creating space tourism only for the Mega wealthy, but will bitch and sue nasa over bids to put stuff in orbit but has never done that not even low earth orbit
100 push ups 100 sit ups 100 squats and a 10km run. Do that every day
I have lived with insane guilt from a slightly similar situation. When I was five, I was molested by the son of a family friend. He was 13 and it turns out that he was being molested by an uncle, which is where he learned the things he did to me. Anyway, my mother caught us and took me to a therapist and I was able to understand what happened to me and developed the tools to understand molestation and the warning signs, to always tell an adult, and so on. Fast forward to me being 13 and I would stay over at my uncle’s house all the time and his kids became like siblings to me. In the car, my little girl cousin started to say something that alarmed me deeply. Later on when we got to their house, I pried for her to tell me what was going on and that she wasn’t in trouble and so forth (she would have been around seven or eight) and she only confirmed that it was something sexually inappropriate happening to her but wouldn’t tell me who so I thought it would be best to turn it over to her mom and have her tell her. I don’t know why I didn’t tell my uncle. So I get her mom and I tell the mom that my cousin has something important to tell her and I bow out thinking I had done something great. Years later I find out it was their mom who had been molesting all three of them for years. I basically turned my cousin over to her abuser. It wasn’t until all three were adults and the mom had passed away (suicide) that it all came out. I asked my cousin for forgiveness much later and she said they were all in a good place and had gone to therapy for years (they are in their thirties now) and that she understands why I did what I did, that she’s proud to have me as a “brother” because I was working off of best intentions and that whenever I came over they caught a break because their mom wouldn’t touch them when I was in the house and so on but I can barely bring myself to think about it and I still feel terrible.
Bloodbath - Eaten  The backstory to this song is disturbing to say the least.
I Hear ya
Elliptical will make your whole body have a nice workout
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ggIudEPBrtY  The drugs don’t work-Ben Harper
My baby's play gym had this song as the lullaby. So, i sing it to her sometimes. However, singing it is really weird cause the words are not something to actually sing to a baby
When a movie is advertised and then suddenly it disappears with no trace and reappears about six or eight months later.  Death.
Redneckistan?
McRib
Omg. Zac Efron? Why?
1,5g of cocaine is quite a lot. Most people would just add other drugs to it, instead of just using the same. But then again... I speak about europeans here.
Everyone suffers from implicit bias and everyone tends to be comforted by familiarity. The problem is if you don't unpack those parts of yourself.
Catholic university mmmh
Someone I barely knew told me I look like a sexy homeless veteran. I still don't know if it's a compliment or an insult.
He liked it.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qyyry2/what_is_your_least_favorite_personality_type_ie/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Nestle
Trans people are human beings, they should never be abused or otherwise mistreated, and I have no problem calling someone whatever pronouns they want out of courtesy.   That being said, I don't think *going along with it* past general politeness is good for anyone. If a person had a mental disorder that caused them to think they are King Henry VIII, I'm not obligated to call that person "Your majesty" or expect all of England to bow at his feet. If a person has depression it's not good to say "I agree, the world sucks and you probably *would* be better if you killed yourself".   You are your biological gender in any way that actually makes a difference. If you need medicine and one will affect men/women differently, your prescription will be based on your biological gender. Also trans women should not compete in women's leagues for any sport where biological men have a physical advantage.
The fact that a majority of the time, your posts don’t get a lot of upvotes and get buried when they are actually good. Idk why I even bothered to say that because that’s exactly what will happen to my post here
The movie has the word movie in the title.
You mean Kevin Costner? Pretty sure he’s done fine since that.
Upcoming feature on all Meta Products.
Couldn't care less. You're a person so I already don't like you based off that fact alone coz I hate people, leave me alone and I leave you alone. Don't expect me to bow down and refer to you as what you want to be referred to as though. And if you try and force me to refer to you by your pronouns outside of what I already grew up with I'm gonna force you to start calling me God and even then I probably still wouldn't call you what you want even if you called me God. I live with a trans couple and get along with them well enough but they don't ask me to refer to them by what they identify as
Thank you for that you as well remember the only scars worth having are the ones you can show and tell the ones inside well interesting I just is that a loss for words
I work in offshore oil and gas. I make Excel plots letting the guys offshore know when they can do stuff given weather conditions. I was told not to use the color purple once because it was gay. So I had to go out of my way and write a macro to change the color of a single line...
“I have flashbacks during church” this was months after
tuck the cig under your flaccid shlong and then mount sunglasses over it.
Do you smoke cigarettes while stroking?
Move and don't tell anyone, it's legal it's just rude
A fifth of Malawi is water
Emus
Janet Jackson and Alice in Chains
Psycadelic trance
the democratic party
Let me sleep
Was 12. She was 19. She kissed me, full tongue, and kind of groped and felt me up. At a wedding, outside around the back of the venue. Felt very excited/guilty and ashamed all night - like I was gonna get in trouble. Took me years into adulthood to realise it was fucked up.   Apart from that, arse grabbed, cock grabbed, jumped on sexually - like drunk girl heavily pushing herself on you jumped on.   Then there are things done by guys, but that wasn’t your question.
Wasn't it also incestuous?
Deep blue sea.  Where the head scientist is talking about how she broke her grandpa with Alzheimer’s heart everyday by telling him his wife was dead every time he asked where she was.  Like bitch stop that.  Tell him she went to the fucking store and will be back in a bit.  When he asks again tell him that same thing. STOP BREAKING YOUR GRANDPAS HEART LIKE THAT.
Es, activision? I,m intuiting you’ve mentioned already
Because they are socialists
Getting cancer is gay. If you're truly straight, your sheer manliness will protect you from the sun's rays.
Hap and Leonard. The Magnificent Seven deserved a 3rd season.
Neo, Harry Potter, Frodo
My husband took Prozac for a short time. He had no difficulty getting erections but it was almost impossible for him to orgasm. We'd go for 3+ hours, until we were both exhausted and sore and chafed, and no orgasm for him, even when he just took over and tried to do it himself. Ended up with blue balls more than once, which was very frustrating for him after more than 3 hours of sex. He ended up switching to Welbutrin (not an SSRI) after a few months because of how much the side effects sucked.
I've found there's no harm in using fingers too. That being said: from a male perspective, consistency, communication, and foreplay.   If you wanna just use the mouth, you have to start by getting her to, well, melt. You have to be really present. Tell her how she makes you feel and what is so intoxicating about her. Loosen her up. If you can make her blush it'll go a lot better for everyone. It's a journey, so start with her neck, lips, collarbone, and make your way down. Gentle kissing, caressing (especially her stomach and hips,) and moaning.  If she's submissive you might need to be more forceful and vocal (with consent.) If she's dominant, she'll tell you what to do.   I don't touch her pussy until I can feel the heat. It's not like a radiator or anything, but when she just starts getting wet that's how you know to focus on her inner thighs and mound. It's the last bit of foreplay, so be sure you don't over tease (unless she likes denial.) Part her legs and get comfortable.   Assuming she's wet, that's your queue to dig in and figure out what works best for her. Which part of the labia does she like licked? Full-length or not? Is she into teasing? Is she overly sensitive? How forceful do you need to be with your licking? Does she want a little suction while you do it? Communication is important, but you gotta show her what her options are.   I like to start by licking up the inner labia toward the clit, and then focusing on progressively more forceful licking. Gentle sucking while licking can be just enough (or maybe too much.) When you find what works it's all about consistency. Keep going and don't stop. Be encouraging with your moans when you can't speak. Show her that it's getting you hot too.    If she likes penetration, fingers can be really helpful. You can also rub her clit when your tongue gets tired.   This post is way too long.
In season 6 of Vikings there were many scenes where it looked like it was unintentionally cut. There was no fade effect or any end of conversation or otherwise clear indicator that the scene was ending there, it was just straight away to the other scene.
Cameroonian?
Mirrors
Wow! They is crazy awesome!
There's an old couple murdered where the husband's head is missing. I think they're called the Rogers? I want it solved. I want to know who the killer is.
For me anything with Adam Sandler and/or Jennifer Aniston
Politicians are people who you choose to be placed into office and are thus accountable to you if they do not perform as intended. You should criticize them if it happens and not place them on a pedestal and defend them at all cost.  Think of it like this, you’re the hiring manager filling a position for your company. If the person you hired isn’t performing as expected, you hold them accountable and tell them. You do not defend their shortcomings just because you chose them.
Imagine being at school and seeing a group of guys doing this to one of your female classmates or students and your response is to do nothing. I hate the double standard when it comes to assault
You left out the issue that while feeding their baby with the free sample formula, their own lactation would stop since it wasn't being stimulated. At that point they have no alternative to being formula buyers - if they can afford it. Evil indeed.
How about by criteria inspired by moneyball’s “wins above replacement?”  For some companies you can make the argument that if they didn’t exist, their competition would step in and do about the same thing.  So the criteria would be that the company actively developed and promoted a new product that makes the world worse, and was aware of the harm early in that product’s lifecycle, and was immoral enough not only to ignore the harms, but to double down on them. By those criteria, I’d say Purdue Pharma, tobacco companies, and Meta.
"Father of Mine" from Everclear  Father of mine   Tell me where have you been?   You know I just closed by eyes   My whole world disappeared    Father of mine   Take me back to the day   Yeah, when I was still your golden boy   Back before you went away    Father of mine   Tell me how do you sleep?   With the children you abandoned   And the wife I saw you beat    I will never be safe   I will never be sane   I will always be weird inside   I will always be lame    Now I'm a grown man   With a child of my own   And I swear, I'll never let her know   All the pain I have known
Brothers in Arms
I’m sure public prison inmates feel much better knowing that the prison itself is not for profit and appreciate the luxurious amenities they get from public prisons.
Sim - devil in your heart
An Apple device.
In before someone has to mention his Joker.  Edit tooo late
Complete Femoral fracture on my left leg (like the bones weren’t even near the ends of each other  cracked jaw, couple broke ribs, broken left wrist, massive internal bleeding needing 3 blood transfusions. All at 40mph on a moped, be careful with bikes guys.
“She could have worn a different outfit” “She shouldn’t have been in that alley at night”  Stop victim blaming, it’s really REALLY bad optics for your argument.
What bugs me also is the movie trailers showing the funny akward parts  BITCH JUST NO ISSA RED FLAG GTFO OUT
Yeah imagine wanting your SO to offer the relationship more than “cuteness.”
When I spoke the truth.
If people can’t be vaccinated because of health issues that doesn’t mean you should force OTHER people to get a vaccine. If I got the vaccine I could still give these people the virus just like if I didn’t have the vaccine. So by your logic they might stay home for the rest of their lives even if I AM vaccinated, because they can still easily get the virus if someone that’s vaccinated gets it.
Yeah, I'm aware of that. My grandmother's husband tried to pinch my butt when I was a kid but I yelled and my mom got pissed. I've heard the stories of how gross the now-deceased members of my family were. Rest in piss.
Rooftops
I have had that happen to me multiple times. I find it just is what it is. Thankfully nothing ever "came" from it.
21, leaving the club because blackout drunk and wanting to go home.  “Woke up” 4 hrs later on a bench i had passed out on, with a homeless woman blowing me off, and ending up riding me. Didn’t really realise what had happened until later, and to this day, i only really remember the feeling of trying to say no and get away, but being too fucked up to actually do it. Like one of those dreams where you try to push something away, but are not strong enough.
MLM, pyramid schemes, Forex trading and many other scams
I’m so sorry.
Beautiful argument. Clearly you've not read the Bible. Heretic.
Monsanto. Why? Because of their products. quote: "Biotech giant Monsanto on Thursday agreed to plead guilty to illegally using a banned and highly toxic pesticide on research crops at one of its facilities on the Hawaiian island of Maui and to pay $10 million in fines." Also control of their GMO seeds suply.
The sackler's
And that's the waaaay the news go
Finance and language barrier.
Cutest girl in the group doing the bottle game
Scooby-Doo
They lost a big part of Prussia, Austria, Alsace-Lorraine, Königsberg and were divided into two states.
Probably have the powers of an energy vampire. Bore you with terrible banter while taking your energy.
What is strange point that comes out of nowhere though. It doesn't really make a difference, because you are only attacking one aspect of the problem. You are a vegan congratulations, but you probably have a smartphone, you definitely have a computer, you probably wear clothes. All of those things were built off the backs of borderline slave labor and environmental practices that might as well be pouring oil directly into the ocean. You've killed more animals by using the computer that you typed this post with then you've saved by living a vegan lifestyle.
Critical Role all of them (mainly Ashley and Marisha), Smosh (Damian, courtney, mari, and boze), Lindsey Stirling (does she still count?), and Stephanie Patrick
Peace train
Super taste buds.
Gonna start working out from Dec, giving myself last 10 days of happiness
Getting high in an airplane
Avatar - never saw him in anything after that
I've always struggled to take movies or shows seriously when they make high school out to be way deeper than it is. Maybe I'm just one of those bitter old people, but all the most meaningful relationships or events in my life have taken place in at least college age or later. I don't really have anyone that I keep in touch with from high school now.
When they first see you and there's a very fast up and down check out their eyes do naturally.
Im not flat... baka!!
Italian!
Change your name and move to a different country
Or a sequel made to an 80s/90s movie that's direct to video or thrown on some streaming service.
It was
Easy to work, never tarnishes.  Who coulda known about it's electromagnetic properties?
Like Milton Horowitz?
How they failed was hysterical too.  They relied on their Zestimate pretty much solely.  Problem was with every purchase they made, they increased the zestimate of surrounding property.  They got caught in a feedback loop of their own creation.
Say shes curvy as fuck and she can’t help what God have her and she dresses in normal clothing not much caring how big her butt looks in them jeans or how well her hourglass figures shines. She’s just a normal girl who doesn’t purposely show off what she’s got.
I was in Biology class in high school and my school played the verdict over the intercom. My teacher started talking over the verdict and I unconsciously told him to shut up. He looked at me weird, stopped talking and never mentioned anything about it to me. I was pretty embarrassed.
I chose to be the black one and apparently everyone was profiling.   To be fair I was the imposter.
Just came out, roots below - as I lay dying. Or all yourn by Tyler Childers or basically any Chris Stapleton song
He is a finn judging by his name and we are not that shocked by nudity.   I've seen a lot of my family and friends naked. Wether that is in sauna or standing naked in the middle of a field, drunk.
Digg 4 totally ruined their site and I came here
Mexican, Korean, and...American?  What are you?
Honestly, people who tell the truth are the most genuine ones. We need more people like that.
Another good one might be: I’m going to make you cum in so many holes”.
Bro fr fr u talking outta my soul🤣
Captain Price. Rescuing him in the gulag for the first time made my heart drop.
I’m not judging you. That’s perception you’re putting on it. I am judging what you said and that is really different. You’re taking it personally (hence being hurt) which is also a really immature way to think about it. It’s not bad. It’s just where you are in life.  Nothing I said is personal. I don’t know you. You know you. Take it or leave it. But the way you’re expressing yourself, you have a less than healthy way to think about how humans relate to each other.
I used to get groped by seniors when I was a freshman in highschool. I had a particularly flat butt (tall but very scrawny) and every other day or so these 3 girls would find me after lunch and grab a handful of my boney bottom. They would say demeaning stuff about my figure, put their hands in my pockets and wouldn't stop when I asked.   It got to the point where I would eat lunch in the band room to avoid crossing their paths, which actually turned out great for me, I made a lot of new friends.  I never talk about this experience because even at 22 I just dont know how other guys would see older girls touching my butt as a bad thing. I dont really have any damage from this I dont think, but I now just really don't like people touching my bottom, it makes me feel shamefull. It made playful lockerroom smacks really uncomfy
Dwayne johnson movies
Well they still exist as a country. After starting 2 world wars shouldn't they be erased from the world map, their territories divided up among the allies rather than allow them to exist as a nation to possibly start ww3
Yea that's pretty lame and understandable... WHAT THE FUCK!
Pacific rim uprising
Family reunion. Multiple siblings got butthurt because the brother with kidney stones didn't feel like mountain biking. Can't for the life of me figure out why that was....
I took a mothers child, sent her to prison, get her beaten up when she was released.
The street lights were the alarm to come home or call to check in.
please seriously shut up with Nestlé
Ok so someone will eat at McDonald’s or a sit down restaurant  and bring back ketchup packets for you. Make sure to say thanks.
The Last of Us 2
Too much friction, slow it down for the love of god.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Primer!
I’ve had chicken pox 3 times.
I'm going with it's a a great book by an amazing writer.
oh jeez
My sister has the opposite of this super power. She could leave an hour earlier than needed and still somehow be late.
Ffffff... BLARG, FOR I AM DEAD!
American politician who doesn't have a dark triad quality to him.
I had a female friend, we were both in our early 30s, there has been no romantic or sexual level in our friendship whatsoever.  One day we were both invited to a costume party at a common friend and we had an appointment to build our costumes together at my place. It got realy late, we orderd pizza and wanted to get the pieces done, so it became late. I offered her to sleep on the couch in the living room as you would do for a friend.  In the night I wake up because she is in my bed, groping and kissing me and confessing her love. She gets embarrassed when she sees me not responding the way she hoped for. I shove her away and somehow can somewhat confine my anger, disappointment, disgust. I say something along the way *"OK, listen, just go back into the living room and we consider this never happened."*  An hour later, the same thing happens again, I get annoyed and angry as hell, she is falling into this devote, childish  "I'm so sorry, this is so embarrassing, you will never look at me the same as before"* blabla that is obviously just to get reassurance on her side by luring the other to say "It's Ok" , when in fact it is not! I don't take the hook and she left. She left
Mirror or pillow. Still they are.
I never understood how people could do it (no judgement). I had an acct on here where I posted nudes, made it to the top spot of a few subreddits, but I never showed my face. I ended up deleting my acct because some creepy people sifted through every single post I made (7 years worth of reddit) to try to figure out where I lived / where I taught. I got scared I'd lose my teaching job so I deleted it all!
Punished? Like how, put into prison for 100 years?
I have unintentionally dated girls who look like anime/ cartoon characters irl. One looked like Jessica rabbit,  another looked like videl, and now my wife looks like Velma 👍.
To support the beautiful people who produce all of the wonderful things I love with a passion. YOU ROCK!!
Exactly. Men go to women-centered subreddits and are AGHAST that men aren’t painted in a more positive light. Who cares. Let women have a place to talk and vent and leave it at that.
Jesus. Wishing you well, friend.
That's the manliest thing to do wdym ?
The machines take numbers to facilitate the tray routine, and if we tell you about all the different machines you have an excuse to explore the building, but if you want to walk there yourself every time be my guest.  Besides, would you really spit in my tea because the boss is making you do the things he hired you for? How is that my fault?
I don't have source, but i remember seeing an article on it. On the one hand they do the job that nobody else will do and willingly take the blame for killing animals that weren't meant to be their responsibility. On the other hand they fund arsonists.  They have done a huge amount of good things but they do dumb shit too
Cause I use overweight lonely old women for money.
This subreddit
This is why I let my freak flag fly and am honest to a fault. Don’t lie and don’t keep your lunacy secret. And going forward, live your life in the way you believe to be the most morally correct for you.  (It’s also how I stopped having guilty conscience loops.)  Can’t use anyone’s secrets against them if they don’t care that you out them.
They were
African American?
Check out Behind the Bastards two multi part episodes on the founder L. Ron Hubbard. It's got a ton of good info into the insanity that is the Church of Scientology
Die
In the army, my commander (female) had a party at her house, I had too much to drink and we hooked up. After this, she used her position to pressure me into continued sex acts. This digressed until she was essentially messaging me on government computers to things with her at work. Eventually someone else caught on and reported it. I told the truth and provided evidence to investigators….I was punished and she was given a slap on the wrist. She’s been promoted since.
Imagine knowing everything about someone and selling that info for profit. They get nothing. Now imagine doing that to everyone on FB, insta, Meta.
The sad thing is, some men are so sad lonely and pathetic that they would kill to “get raped”.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
“All” is a strange way to just say “two”.
I caught bans from OffMyChest and PoliticalHumor. There may be more, but I haven't found them.
This older girl in high school used to always touch my butt in the hallway. I didn’t even know her and was always super weirded out by it but never said anything. Idk if that’s sexual assault but it’s probably the closest thing that’s happened to me
also, where is old Zealand located?
yup, that's what I am doing rn besides being here.
PONPONPON  They won't let me.
Oh, I see.
I use a magician's magic box with mirrors, and slip out the back.
Yeah she forced you to “willingly” fuck her since you’re the one taking action to make the deed happen unless a woman gets on top of you it makes it harder for your brain to register it as rape since it’s usually associated with being helpless/overpowered
Not my people.
Then it doesn't matter whether you're a feminist or not: you're just a piece of shit.
Do I want to be a teenager again?
Happened twice   First time was doing demolition in 2011 and some idiot lost control of a concrete cutting saw and it dropped on me almost cutting off my arm and leg   Then in 2019 was diagnosed with late stage 4 metastatic breast cancer and my body was starting to shut down
Liking how vaginas look is not the norm, no. Same with how most women don't like how penises look.
Well one is dead but yes though that's not really a great sign when your stars come back to play other people.
It happens when i was 5 or 6 y.o, my babysitter used to ask me to dry hump her or ask me to touch her till she finished, she probably around 20 or 21 at that time
For as long as i can remember
In college, ex and I were experimenting with tying each other up. One night, I was tied up and she was riding me. She forced me to finish inside her when I didn't want to. I was not wearing a condom and she wasn't on any birth control.   It took me YEARS to even realize that I was raped. Because all of my friends thought I was lucky to have have happen to me.
Однажды на штольне я играл за своего любимого кольтика. И когда я зашёл в кусты в меня ультанула Шелли
Facebook... And don't ask me why cuz uk
The biggest bullshit is that the script has NO fucken emojis in it.
You really won't understand and appreciate the finer parts of your glockenspiel.
Because reddit covers a wide range of topics.  And the fact that 4Chan went off the deep end, with Politics.
When you're friends are attractive and everyone pays attention to them.
Idk I just checked out new posts for this sub and 1 out of the newest 10 questions was NSFW. The question here should be why do the sex questions get upvoted more than the rest.
Afrikaner?
The order 66 theme
Isn’t this the company that literally sells cancerous products AND the cancer medicine?
I need to look up that actor, that was really well done.
And this something people often miss with the USSR as well.  Before that Russia was way behind.  The communist party did horrible things and was obviously corrupt but they quickly turned their nation into an industrial powerhouse and began transforming people's standards of living.  Was it good for everyone?  Probably not some probably got knocked down a peg or two but many were brought up from no running water to a nice new apartment with parks around you.
Any cable company.
I was bad but not the worst. I poked at her weight, I regret every moment of it. I also was very protective or her though. In my child brain, it was only okay for me to pick on her. When I got married I started my own struggle with weight, we sat down and had a long talk. She told me she loves me and forgives me. Fortunately she made it out with minimal damage. She gets insecure at times and I knows that is my fault. Even though she has forgiven me, I just can’t forgive myself.
There were no play dates. You yelled "going out to play" or "going riding bikes" and just wandered outside to the nearest park or a centrally located backyard and found your friends. If the kid you were hoping for wasn't there you went and knocked on their door. We'd be gone for hours at a time and completely unreachable.  There wasn't much expectation of like "kid safe" areas - we were expected to keep each other safe wherever we were. For example when we were like 11 we loved playing hide and seek in the state capital building - it's a public government building - and huge with many wings, if nobody found you after like 15ish minutes you went back to the meeting spot. Sometimes we wound find offices left unlocked and snoop them. We would swim in the lake just at any spot not necessarily with a life guard, it wouldn't be considered safe today but it was expected that we would all safety check each other.  If you made real plans with someone to meet up, you were both just trusting that the other would be there. You'd wait around a bit in case the bus was delayed or something but if they weren't there you couldn't call and ask them until you both got home.  There are years and years of my life where there are only 3ish pictures of me: first day of school, birthday, Christmas. I'm still not much for photo documentation - I don't go back and reminisce so what's the point? Either the moment was memorable and then I remember it, or it wasn't memorable so I let it be lost to time.
What about the radiation? Would a tank be too small to keep the humans driving it far enough away?
I was working at a call center a few years ago and I noticed this woman had a thing for me. It wasn't mutual and looking back I should have been more vocal about that. She starts sitting next to me and trying to talk in between calls. One day I'm on a call, mind you there's loads of people around, she starts rubbing my dick under my desk. I didn't know what to do. I was in shock. I didn't want to make a scene so I just pulled away. It's was so gross. I avoided her like the plague after that. She had a kid and I didn't want her kid to suffer so I didn't say anything.
True. I think Robbin williams regretted working with disney, I saw a documentary where he actually didnt want them to sell any merchandise from the movie, was in his contract, and there was a big legal battle over it.
editing tweets
The Love Guru
Apparently in my family...because I won't do illegal things they do.
Actually, SpaceLink will make WFH possible if you live in a very cheap area.
Subconsciously perceiving English speaking countries as better.
Ireland!
No Its Illegal here.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Morgan Freeman
That i live in it and im asian
Yeah so we should want MORE equality for men here then no? Putting equality in quotes makes it come off as equality being the issue lmao
I love it
The dishes.
Got a 2+ instead of a 4, in maths btw:)
The kinda of food they eat. If I see a girl eating mayo straight from the jar, it makes me really attracted to them
Nestle but also bytedance (tiktok) is looked over
Disregard, I was drunk last night and just made a stupid comment
A SQL script that shows you understand aliases
Gotcha
At first I was a loser no body, then I got into making explosives and was for the first time in my life seen by others as somewhat cool and definitely dangerous, however by that point I had a girlfriend and if I broke up with my gf and went after my crush I would cause an absolute hellstorm at school, our friend group would break up. It was bad enough seeing boys fight each other for a girl's heart, swap genders and it would be an absolute nightmare. Plus at that point my crush was already scared of me for the reasons above. I feel like having the relationship naturally die down and then remain single was the only option where blood wouldn't be shed.
Learning all of this about Nestlé is like 🤯
Live in a 3some with two bi girls.   It was fun, but vey expensive and chaotic. Glad I did it but never again.
Scandinavia?
He was in Boys in the Band and the entire time my brain just said he was gay Sheldon. Cool movie though
Punjabi
Disney, because
Could you? Yes. Would you? No. There are far safer and more efficient options.
> What laws prevent housing development? Every city I’ve ever lived in has had a city council that was in the pocket of real estate developers. Rarely do developers get rejected to build housing.  Whoa, we have a traveler from an alternate reality.  Cool.  In this reality things work different:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Flsg_mzG-M  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExgxwKnH8y4  https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/05/19/upshot/forty-percent-of-manhattans-buildings-could-not-be-built-today.html  https://www.startribune.com/minneapolis-planners-say-1969-modernist-building-downtown-shouldn-t-be-wrecked/600006606/
I can’t remember what the song is, but I remember something about a kid getting beat behind a couch and seeing Jesus on the cross?
Bible
People who care about me, and I care about them.
I got mine inserted around 10 years ago, things might have changed but no one offered me any sort of pain remedy.
 Live and let live.
I need another hint.
Chasing Cars or How to Save a life
That’s actually terrifying.
I got rapped by my own sister one day after school, she was around 15 and I was 8, I remember doing my homework at school so I could play n64 all day when I get to my house, while I was playing banjo kazooie my mom left the house for 20 minutes to go get my other sister from her cheer practice, not more than 2 minutes passed and my sister started screaming my name, I went to her room and she was in her bed using a dress, she undressed me make her touched her, masturbated with my hand, sucked my privates and made me lay down so she could sat in my penis, I remember being there scared to death until I heard my mom saying were here, it’s time to eat, my sister put my clothes on and kicked me out of her room, ever since that day I went with my mom everywhere, never stayed at home without her
D*sney, all it’s CM’s are about to go on strike 👀
I was 14 and lost my virginity to a 19-year old. It was not pleasant, there was warm beer and piss-smelling vagina involved, but high-fives and congratulations after the deed, so it didn't feel like sexual assault after the fact.
nestlé
Pretty much saw that people sucks and im great
The kid getting a bath in dirty ass water and his mom is giving him spaghetti and a chocolate bar in that fucked up Harmony Korine movie.
Dang good question. Narcassism might be worse. Someone who only thinks of themselves or is just obsessed with themselves....Having a large ego can sometimes be good like...if your ego tells you you're certain only you can create the best philanthropic organization in the world. Ego isn't always bad depending on its application.
atheists exist
Rise of the resisrance
My thought on him being armed is it shouldn’t matter. I don’t know if the gun inspired them to attack him or not, he was legally allowed to possess it. And even if he wasn’t allowed he was still a person with a gun, they were idiots to try and take it from him. What if he hadn’t been experienced with it? He could’ve accidentally shot somebody while they wrestled it from his hands. Just give the person with the gun a wide berth. It’s safer that way
Polynesia
You should watch Doom Patrol. Brandon Fraisure is great in it
That’s my favorite and it works almost all the time, or when she would tell me to fill her up, or “put it in all my holes”… fuck I miss her, almost been 8months since I was last able to hear those things..  The last girl I was with recently didn’t talk dirty really, actually probably why I couldn’t finish, that and i felt like I was cheating on my ex from 8months ago, so I didn’t come and wasn’t into it.
Raoh is on stage playing saxophone. Char Aznable is chatting up girls, without giving a shit about what age they are. Light Yagami is fitting in. L isn't.
Of a guy giving a thumbs up. So fuck off rude man.
You ever seen him sing Wanted Dead or Alive with Corey Taylor?
My sanity
That’s no moon!
Alex Blake Keisha Grey karlee Grey violet Myers violet Myers  violet Myers Blake blossom  Aubrey Sinclair  Lana Rhoades  damn, all I can think of but those are the mains
Very rarely does the description of it being a feminist movie result in a decent movie.  I dont know why but feminist movies all about that girl power are usually lackluster in too many things to make it tolerable.
If you drop soap on the floor is the soap dirty? Or is the floor clean? Also if you clean a vacuum you become the vacuum cleaner.
how exactly? I just don't understand  I can get everywhere, and it only takes like 5 minutes longer by bike, ten by bus
Because 9gag died.
Thank God yes! Nearly three years without that walking trash fire!
*guy bleeding & crying*  Is that a little fuckin' girl? What happened the fuckin' tough guy told my friend to stick it up his fuckin' ass, huh??
Then I suggest learning a bit more about it. The product is working as intended by those in charge.
If they're very serious actors, having multiple can be a good thing, but if it's people I think of first as a celebrity, then as an actor, it's a huge red flag.  Eg. All those shitty comedies. You know the ones I'm talking about.
Not a murderer at this point you are a partisan liar and should be ashamed.  You damage your side when you ignore reality and just scream for blood illogically.  Are you disputing that Kyle was running from all 3 attackers until they cornered him and he shot them?  Ask yourself this if it was a African American and he was being chased by various people in maga hats and he pulled his illegal concealed weapon and shot them in clear self defense in video each time would you be yelling for his blood or saying this is a referendum on BLM in some way?
Needs rope > Children dead
Apathy
EA. They know what they did.
News Corp.  Most listed here are making a product or providing a service with negative side effects ignored because of profit.  With News Corp the evil is the goal, they just figured out how to monetize it.
To see why my boyfriend had it…he was cheating
I started smoking cigarettes at like 10 or so and weed when I was like 13 and the reason I started smoking cigarettes not sure but I started smoking bud because it was fun and life’s hard and I don’t like being drunk I no longer smoke cigarettes but I smoke weed every day now
Forgot about that! He was the tits in that film!
So so sorry you had to go through all this
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/qyyqch/does_a_straw_have_one_hole_or_two_time_to_get/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wait, that's not a jolly rancher.
Chiquita history is crazy. All for just BANANAS!
Amway.
The trailer for Sing 2 seems to be doing this. You don't need to shell out money to take your 7 year old to it, just watch the trailer and you've pretty much seen the entire movie.
Firstly, Canada has about one thousand years of oil -- but most of it is locked up in the oil sands.   Secondly, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela each have about 1,000 years each of reserves.   It is a total myth that we will run out of fossil fuels. However, we need to stop using fossil fuels since they are destroying our environment.
You keep using that word.  I do not think it means what you think it means.
When you stop envying other people.
how you became part of the 97%
When I was 14 I lost my virginity to a woman that was 35ish. I used to cut grass in my neighborhood (push mower) and she can out offered me something to drink and invited me in.
Cool, I'll check it out.
-This ain't that kind of movie  -Perfect
uhhh
Many disturbing elements of this, for me it’s simple: if a roving band of boys stripped a girl (child) to her underwear in public while onlookers would only intervene if the girl fought back…Seems pretty shit to me.
EA. Look at how battlefront did. Sure battlefront 3 was revived, but it had a rocky release. Pvz is another example
Its a latinisation, but what I mean is: "What was an instance in your life when you radically changed your mind about a subject/began advocating for something you had previously despised?".
Hopefully as time goes on human rights continue to expand and include more than we remember from the past
To feel much better about myself
It's what has kickstarted the economy of the fledgling Most Serene Republic of Venice.
It's heartbreaking. The area is so beautiful and untouched but they're going to destroy it all because they *think* there might be oil somewhere around there
Nestle, its the obvious choice
Around where in the country do you live?
I'm not sure why you think that.
You’re a good man
Plethora. It means a lot to me.
This is the way
It legit took me a year or so and every once and a while I still find something with a Nestle or a sub Nestle company logo on it and make a mental note never to buy that again.
r/hermancainaward has a pretty good sized list growing.
Real mens just wait for the shit to dry
South Africa, survival of the fittest is basically a daily routine. Government turns a blind eye at all the issues and only focusing on lining their own pockets.
Listen throughout the year and write stuff down. If they've already gotten it throughout the year then go the the next thing on your list for that person. That's what I do. Also start buying in October. Nothing more than $30 per person. If you don't have anything for one of your people ask around. Someone should know something lol.
> “The audience applauded.”  I heard Americans clapped for movies, but I assumed that was only if the movie was ridiculously good and the writer and/or director was in the theater.    You guys really just give the screen a standing ovation every time the credits roll?
The word “Musical”
Too scared
I'm going to need a source for this statement.  I've never heard this before and seems like I would of already.
I definitely agree, and there are also different interpretations of what "libertarian" means to different people. Many of the "muh freedoms" "libertarian" no-steppy-snek types are just Republicans who smoke weed, and sometimes are ok with abortion. Many of them are most certainly not pro-LGBTQIA+, because they are stupid and don't fully understand the platform they claim to support.
>  yet they are essential for our everyday lives  Essential for cheap technology and convenience, not essential for our lives.
Did? Or does? It's not like a one time thing.
The Catholic Church? Because...reasons?
Concrete Angel by Matrina McBride. And the music video is even sadder
That's not how that works. You want to compare livestock that contributes more than just meat to other animals.   https://www.fao.org/3/v8180t/v8180t07.htm  Go ahead and educate yourself on why livestock is important.
Nestle, fuck them.
Anyone who says “EA” is a fucking idiot. Oh no they charged you 15 bucks for a dlc you didn’t have to buy. Meanwhile other companies are destroying the planet and using children or slave labor.
"Oh my neighbor was around and commented that all my toiletries were from the "blank" hotel." Watch the look,
My first is rape and molestation so, Im not counting it.  &#x200B;  My first kiss with my gf is when we were in my house watching Movie 44 and a sex scene made us horny.
We all wish he would.
Horny. Now mark this nsfw.
That's really strange. Part of their core beliefs is that you only succumb to Illnesses if you're "enturbulated" and is a big problem for the higher level OTs who can't admit to even suffering from minor ailments like headaches or cramps. Basically, if say an OT10 gets a headache, they're looking at spending potentially thousands on E-meter auditing to find out what's wrong with them. This allows the church to say that there's a problem in their "scriptures" but they've figured it out and have released a revised edit to the auditing manual so you'll just need to pay another $250,000 to receive the new course and you should be free from all ailments. Rinse and repeat.  So needing vaccination is them admitting the auditing doesn't work and they're vulnerable just like everyone else.
They actually get to explain what the misunderstandings are and everyone is just like 'oh'
South African.
34 million.  I knew it was big but didn't realize it was this big.  Damn, I don't know ow what I'll do with this revelation but it'll be something.  Probably just poop though.
Facebook/meta deserve mention here. The amount of social manipulation and negative political/social impact is very quickly eroding social stability it takes decades to build.
Heck we found even without reward, just making it a race, suddenly it's interesting.  "Ohhh I'm gonna win and get in the car first!" -- "No you won't Dad!!!!!!"
Princess Peach because I want to eat her ass
The United States Government
Feel free to downvote me to oblivion.  You could say my question was too literal.  But the OP didn’t ask the question to what I would personally find attractive.  So, I took a very high level approach to the question.
There are more than 250 Ethnic Groups
a couple hours most days, more boring days is a lot
How about the idea that he was clearly a government stooge for wanting to place all the priceless artifacts in a museum rather than selling them to the highest bidder?
The trailer is anything remotely like the smurfs movie, it's gonna be mediocre at best
Be nice to everyone
Makes me think of South Park when Ike is banging his teacher and when all the adults find out, including the cops, it’s just “Niceee…”
Somewhere in Northern Europe.
Definitely one of my best decisions i‘ve ever made
religion
It's probably how slow and dramatic it is. Imo there's way worse scenes in that movie like the D-Day opening
😂😂😂😂
Well, when your doctor is a practitioner of quack science and you are literally doing a lot better after ditching them…  I look forward to saying this to my psychiatrist, complete with flipping her off.
2016 ghostbusters
Similarly I was working at a summer camp one year. On the weekends we'd all go out to a field. Set up tents and drink. I got blackout drunk and faded in and out to someone making out with me while laying on the ground. People were around me laughing and saying "get up I don't think you want to be there, haha"  Turns out the girl that was making out with me was a girl people knew I really didn't like, and was considered the gross girl around camp. but I couldn't figure out who it was I was kissing. She got me on my feet and brought me to her tent. Took my shoes off for me and and then started giving me a blowjob. The only reason she didn't have her way with me was because I started vomiting. Pulled myself out of the tent and passed out in the middle of the field.  The next day people all gave me shit for hooking up with her. And it was the first time I realized who it was. She went around telling everyone she hooked up with me once we got back to camp. I got real mad at my friends for not getting me out of there since they KNEW I hated this girl.
As bad as Biden has been, I really don't see how you can say Trump was better if you remember how that administration was. He appointed a lot of controversial figures in positions during that administration, corrupt ones such as Steve Bannon, and inexperienced ones such as Omarosa Manigult.  Considering we saw four years of Trump and one of Biden, I think it would be much more fair to make this statement once the first term is complete. Trump, as of right now, and in my opinion, was worse because he helped solidify a division that was already in the process of happening even before he went into politics. He was just the one who lit the match, and the rest followed. In addition to this, the lack of experience and respect for the office really downgraded the prestigiousness it once held after he became a president. But the nail in the coffin for me was his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic, that should have and could have been handled much better under any other administration including with George W. Bush.  My issues with Biden are that he has not been active on uniting the country at all. I believe a lot of people voted for Biden assuming he was going to unite us, alleviate the COVID-19 pandemic, and do a much better job than Trump did. I don't believe he is there unfortunately, I rarely ever see him on TV working on uniting the country, his COVID-19 handling so far has been a mixed bag, and it is very possible after four years that he could do a worse job than Trump. And it sucks to say this, because that administration was a low bar, but Joe Biden could possibly do worse.  The only thing about the Biden administration I have been happy with so far is the climate handling, I am glad we are back in the Paris Climate Agreement as we need to care for the environment before it is too late. But that is pretty much where it ends with me. Kamala Harris is the most unprofessional and divisive Vice President in my lifetime to hold that position, and I hope that she never sees the light of day to become a president. Despite my disagreements with Dick Cheney (and there are a lot), at least he was much more experienced and on the eye with his position as Vice President. I believe that Joe Biden made a big mistake with Kamala Harris being selected, and we will see if that mistake will ruin his legacy or not.
You should live below your means.
If you have to question if you are or not, than you're a furry!
I learned to appreciate a walk in the park.
You got work at 10:08pm?
“Shit” is the most common last word on black box recordings on planes that have crashed. I once hydroplaned on the highway, and smashed into an 18 wheeler. Had I not survived, that would have been my last word, too.
Stories of what?
And now people rush to get their vaccine. This World...
The rape scene in 'the girl with the dragon tattoo'. The payback makes it all worthwhile though!
I’m completely at the opposite of the U.S lmao. Funny how that works
I’ve never encountered a Star Wars fan like this
These days it's if the marketing all centers around one minor aspect of the film. Like if the focus is on the cast being all female or something (like that actually matters to most people).  If the minor aspect is the **BEST** selling point of an entire movie, then it's gonna suck cause they obviously got so wrapped up in virtue signaling that they neglected more important things like script and character development!
Activision. They killed Blizzard and WoW
In Hebrew, "Mazal tov" has the same meaning as Happy birthday or congratulations. But, "Mazal" means luck, and "Tov" means good, which means the phrase actually states Good luck, but that's not its meaning which was always weird to me...
china
Yep, and some Wonder why among other things the cost of everything is going up.
Nah, body wash stays on my body. Besides I mainly smell like aftershave because… y’know. I shave almost every day
Spa day!!!
It has to happen, you must defeat Alduin with a 40 mm grenade launcher
Meat Canyon is both creepy and terrifying. I can only imagine that the creator of that channel is a psycho.
“MY PARENTS SAID ITS OK TO GET HIT BY THEM BECAUSE THEY LOVE MEE”
You look good in your glasses
I really love that your Mum was able to overcome this and I fully understand the idea that rape is not Sex. Pretty clever as well.  I dont agree with the idea that People do Bad things because they are lacking something or are unhappy etc. I think People like that idea, to take back Power in their mind by imagining the overpowering side as secretly being powerless. I dont think that is true though, and potentially dangerous.
Showgirls
I comment more on posts
Right after it she was so mixed she said stuttering: well you are good in astrology, to that I replied: you mean anatomy?  She laughed, I laughed and felt good since it was so good she couldn't talk any more.
Not really sexually assaulted but this guy I hang out with at my school apparently dated one of my friends from middle school a while back, but during that time from middle to high school she went from super nice to kind-of-a-bitch, and threatened to kill the guy(but he’s like super sweet and an awkward dork and everyone knows it’s her fault not his) Also my underclassmen friends say she’s dating the most cringe guy in their grade (how bad? Well he thinks that any girl that looks at him wants him, ew, and they showed me the weird things he does on Snapchat (hes probably a narc and thinks he’s the hottest guy around despite looking like a malnourished brown rat) also she got suspended for something bad like drugs, I think, and now doesn’t go to our school.
Paper cuts. 23 years old. Never had one.
Dude are you serious? I think someone living somewhere their whole life can form their own opinions from their own experiences, more credible than "but somebody else said so!" You're acting like Western media totally isn't biased...
Currently in one these banana republic companies, can confirm they re Evil, there’s a book in Spanish from 1950 called Prision Verde or “green prison” (all exported banana start as green unripped bananas) and talks about how all these people were basically slaves to the American corporations, paying them cents a month, killing union workers, how these companies got thousands of acres of land for free, and all of the dirty crap that comes with the corruption and wrong doings they did to export bananas without cost for a profit
Oh yeah, back in 1840’s I had a sugar cane plantation in Bahia.
Dennis, Mac, Charlie & Dee from IASIP.
Amazon. I have no idea why people trust this company so much but pay attention, they are buying and controlling EVERYTHING.   I had a horrible experience with them years back and still have issues. I had heard of them but had never looked them up, much less try to purchase anything. I like the shopping experience, not a big fan of on-line shopping with anyone.   So one day I was trying to find a small item and did not have time to shop for it and needed quickly. So I dip my toe in to see what everyone loves about it. Pull up amazon and as a new user I go to sign up. Typed in my email and password but it comes back that I have already signed up, needed to log in. Well I am puzzled because I knew for a fact that I had never signed up. I log in and sure enough, there I am but with one small difference, I had been given a nickname. One I never used and would never use. So I go to my account or whatever tab to look up the details on me. The real shocker was finding my debit card! And for shipping information all packages were to be shipped back to an address in Birmingham AL which I am sure was their warehouse and with the nickname on there, an employee would receive my packages. I called repeatedly and reported this but was hung up on every single time. I was not mean when I called because I was scared, mad came shortly after that. I deleted everything off the account, shipping address, debit card etc then I called my bank and had them close that debit card and a new one was sent.   I received an email from them that day that said Bitch.   THEN!!!!  I started receiving hard core pornography emails. How did I know it was Amazon?  Because every single email used the nickname they had assigned me. Then I started getting emails from individuals sending me emails addressed to my nickname, that heard I was into this or that sexual act and wanted to get together. This went on for maybe 7 yrs and to this day, 10 yrs later I get an occasional email.   Check your accounts with them constantly.   Oh, almost forgot this. A client of mine ordered something with her cc from Amazon and had it shipped to me. Her cc was hacked THAT DAY. I do not know how to get in touch with someone honest at that company to report it. I have sent tweets, no response, emails, no response. Called police, nothing they can do. So I tell everyone every chance I get to tell my story.   Be Aware!!
A ballast weight for heavy machinery
Ugh I’m sorry to hear that! I hope it’s a thing of the past for you now as well.
houses without windows
Get the buycott app
I’m a brown Hispanic so you’re argument is invalid.
When you take the screen out and can't get it back in so you get frustrated and now it has a kink in it and you know your landlord is going to rape you on your security deposit.
Damn!! It’s clean!!!
All my blood for the sweetness of her laughter
Wtf no dont excuse her
Yea I don’t get the alarm. We will still need energy. There will just be new jobs to replace the ones on oil rigs. Obviously not a apples to apples job. But it is something necessary if we want to live in this planet 100 years from now
Are you talking about Rudolf?  He’s a shrimp.  Tell them I said that.
Watching 4 friends burn to death in a tank. Then, 8 months later, finding out from news reports that it was friendly fire.
Tell her she has awesome retinas.
Can’t believe I haven’t run into “Christmas shoes” yet. My mom would drag me of stores if she heard it come on cause she would start bawling.
In his OG appearance as the Trickster in the 1990s Flash TV show, is where he first actually used the Joker voice.  This is referenced in one episode of the current one, that shows an Alt-universe version of The Trickster looking pretty much like the Joker.
Being alone doing stuff
Nestle. They don't believe water access is a basic human right.
My husband was assaulted in college by a girl in his friend group. He passed out drunk and woke up to this girl riding him. Some of his “friends” make fun of him for it because the girl is now extremely overweight. He says he doesn’t care but I can tell it bothers him.
What did he say?
Not a commercial company, but Central Intelligence Agency is the most evil organization humanity has ever seen.  Overthrowing democratically elected governments, financing local groups to cause political instability, subverting the will of sovereign countries.  All in the name of making sure USA can install a puppet governments.  Most of armed conflicts after WWII, CIA directly/indirectly had a hand in it.  Armed conflicts alway affect poor people.  One day they're living in a bad condition, next day they're living in hellish conditions just because evil CIA decided war has to happen in their countries because Military Industrial Complex need to manufacture military hardware so shareholders get good return in their investment.
Also bananas are gross
I didn’t as I’m not sure what I would tell them. This had happened probably 5 years prior and I didn’t know the child, the family or even what city this took place in since I met her in a different state than this took place. Obviously I wish there was something I could’ve done but I just didn’t know what.
The cut off clip of a character about to drop a cuss word.  I blame “One time, at band camp, I stuck a flute in my” line from American Pie for starting this trend.  It’s extra worse when it adds a clip not related to it—like, a character will walk out of a room and go, “I think I just saw my Mom’s—“ and it’ll cut to a whole other scene from a different part of the movie of the group of friends cringing and going, “NAWWWWWW!!”
They got frank welker who does Scooby and Fred in the cartoon to do Scooby but not Fred, Matthew lillard was gutted not to be asked to do Shaggy apparently… zac efron…ack
If you want to do it, just do one at a time. Find your new morning coffee and get used to it for a couple weeks. Then replace the next item, etc…. Break that labor of choice and replacement into tiny easily manageable pieces.   You don’t need to make drastic changes all at once, and it’s okay if you only improve 1% a week because in a couple years that’s still 100% better.
Force Awakens was great as well, it didn't make me cringe like the next two movies did.
Which historian of religion was that?
Move furniture 2cm (1/2in) every week.
They also don't like the truth that building more housing would lower prices.  People are willing to do or try anything to lower housing prices. Other than what works.
>Christopher walken is always Christopher walken.  Christopher Walken is, always, Christopher, Walken.
The end scene of Home when Oh gets almost crushed. Cried the first time I saw it, cried the second time, and *almost* cried every other time I saw it
Xenon of you haf ze correct answer...
*bonk*
There are no forests in Qatar.
A woman I used to be with would gaslight, physically abuse, and sexually abuse me and would emasculate me if I spoke out. Not being in the mood was ever an option. When I tried to leave she would hurt herself so I stayed. Luckily this finally ended but the occasional run-ins are still bad. (There are a multitude of stories with this)  Another instance which wasn’t as long lasting: a woman I spoke to at a bar drunkenly forced her way into my rideshare and was pawing at me the entire ride (before this I tried to find her friends and she kept following me around, I tried to help her get a Lyft or Uber which I thought worked) . She then threw a tantrum when I wouldn’t have sex with her once we arrived at my house, she forced herself on me and proceeded to vomit on my face. She cried then demanded sex. It was a terrible night. I had to clean the vomit that was everywhere while she threw another tantrum. She also refused to let me sleep alone and fondled me until she fell asleep. I wanted to call the police but I doubt they’d have believed me even if I still had vomit on me.  Those are the most notable instances excluding threatening texts, phone calls, and inappropriate touching from random men and women throughout the years.  A lot of you have truly horrifying stories. Stay strong. It’s hard to speak out but we should.
I think too fast. Like someone’s watching tv in my head and their just flipping through channels because they can’t decide. Smoking slows the channels and they stay in the one channel for a while. Then when the TVs off I don’t feel anything, I get my emotions and hunger back.
Holding down the space bar on a phone or tablet will let you move the cursor wherever you want within n the text box or line. No more tapping around trying to get it to the right place.
Monsanto … https://www.scribd.com/book/418599323/The-World-According-to-Monsanto-Pollution-Corruption-and-the-Control-of-Our-Food-Supply
Yep. So much this.   I’m in agriculture R&D and see this all over the place. They did not do a good job on education and public relations back in the early 90’s and have definitely screwed it up for the rest of us in agriculture.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Tokyo.
Just hanging out with friends. I don't need alcohol to enjoy being with my friends. Board games, food, good movies, and conversation.
I was 8-9 and my rapist was two years older than me. She made me stick my dick inside her. I want her dead as a result and the last time I saw her in person was at my little brother's funeral. She's someone I was forced to live with and refer to as my sister.  &#x200B;  I'm still in therapy dealing with this trauma and others as well.
Poly vinyl chloride is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.
Then what's preventing development then?
Insurance cards, packet of face masks, sunglasses, plastic baggie of emergency cash, pens.
Well, that too. I'm not sure about whether rape has become less of a problem than before or not, rape get's reported more often now than before, so maybe, the overall numbers have decreased, or increased.   Whatever that maybe, the general sexist attitudes persist, leaving a lot more to desired.
Crowder had it done to him. Its not necessarily a deatj sentence. Now, kneeling on someone's neck is an insanely stupid and risky thing to do, and I'd rather not experience it, and anyone who does it is at best a complete idiot. Now, stop getting your panties in a twist and actually read what I'm saying.  If Floyd does not take that fentynol and does not resist arrest, then Floyd likely lives, or dies of an overdose, the result of his own choices. No matter how bad you think Chauvin is, if Floyd had gotten out of his car, put his hands in the air and said "officers, I am having an overdose and need medical attention NOW", then Floyd is being whisked off to hospital before Chauvin ever arrives. And then he can call his lawyer.   Fighting the cops achieves nothing but to put them on edge, put you at risk, and delay your medical treatment. And if you think Chauvin was an evil cop just itching for the opportunity to kill a black guy, then you are a fool to give him that opportunity.  Let's say you are trying to teach your son, maybe even specifically your black son, what to do when he encounters police, whether he's innocent or guilty. Explain to me, briefly, the main things you want him to do in order to get through that encounter safely.  Then think about why the people BLM holds up as martyrs seem to do NONE of the things you'd tell your son or daughter, black or white or Asian or Middle Eastern, to do in order to be safe. Why doesn't BLM tell people what you tell your hypocritical son, if they want to protect him?
Metal-three bastards by infant annhialator bcz it just does everything i always expect in a deathcore song Non metal- racing into the night -YOASOBI bcuz its si catchy i am awre that its about suicude but it just bops so hard also the chorus and piano parts sound a bit dark but alsi very catchy
Eh they don't even have industrial applications as much any ore as we have been able to create diamond for a while, they are just not clear so they aren't pretty
I'm guessing if she has proof there is likely a law against sharing but in general prevention is the lesson to be learned here because people can be horrible. Even if she can sue or he gets in legal trouble the damage is done
Im in the lower midwest of the US. Theres not many around here.
Search their mouth for gum so they don't choke on accident. If you find left over food feel free to lick it off their teeth and swallow im sure they won't mind
Depends on the season
yes, working at a pc, gaming as a hobby... what else are you supposed to do when having rainy fall weather and corona limitations everywhere...
All we are is dust in the wind.
This. 500 years ago, the color we refer to as orange in english was considered to be a shade of red. It did not have its own name.
A chick that’s now a dude
Guns that dogs can load and fire all by themselves.
He's banned for breaking their ToS.  He's also a seditious traitor that belongs in prison, but that's besides the point.
Nestle is the worst
Nestle is evil af.
[https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-49224-2\_7](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-49224-2_7)  [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0010027703001203](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0010027703001203)  [https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2005-13197-002](https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2005-13197-002)  And this one (from 1910) https://psycnet.apa.org/record/1926-03151-001
We can dream lol
I didn’t. Y’all suck.
This guy gets what I'm throwing down right here
woah! thats nice  10:07pm
Crunch is sold under license by Ferrero in the USA. not sure about other countries
They know. If they believe it's a problem they would've made/making efforts. If they don't, there's no point telling. Telling someone is going to hurt their feelings or ego respectively.
*bonk*
Yes
They sell filters (not just the bag described above) you can install on washing machines but it would be best if the companies put them in as a standard. Consumers need to demand it of companies.
No i wanted to try weed I wanted to see what it felt like, the people who did it to be cool where little bitches
As far as I know in Austria you can’t just go down to Billa and buy a gun.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Or whatever they see on tv/internet and those celebrity ads they make.
Waterworld
Put my life savings into a franchise business. Business takes off, I have one of the fastest growing studios in the franchise, number one in retail sales nation wide… covid hits business shut down, lost entire investment and now going g through hell with SBA and already settled with landlord. With the money I put into this business I could easily have bought a very nice house, some kind of exotic sports car, or a yacht. Now I drive around in a 20 year old beater wondering if I’ll ever find the energy and motivation to take on such a project again.
I just gave my award away. Damn it
Smart I’m trying to learn this to
Probably to another human.
Have sex with my friend Likha Boke. I don’t want him to die virgin.
Sweet Anita
I just heard today that Tik Tok did nothing when a user was braodcasting his own suicide, over 200 ppl Saw it, the first ppl the company contacted was their PR team.....i Guess basic human empathy and decency is dead.
Facebook is the most powerful psychological weapon ever created and it’s owned and run by a psychopath.
EA
Adidas.  Founded by Nazis.  Rife with modern day accusations of racism and sexism.  Their stuff is manufactured by kids in sweatshops.
I highly doubt this is number one but it's the first one I thought of. My Bloody Valentine by Good Charlotte still in my head to this day
Gabriel's Garcia Marquez's 'One hundred years of solitude' has a big subplot about this company. This book won him the Nobel too.
Beautiful
Collect every video game
Yes, atleast in western europe
It's almost like the Duke Nukem games were pastiches of such behaviour and to take them seriously would've been a fools errand
Cars like small figurines or actual vehicles?
Yep. Highschool broke me for a long time even if I'd convinced myself it was all rolling off my back. It wasn't.   I'd flinch at people raising their arms, avoid walking past groups in the street. If I felt someone walking behind me I'd pretend to get a phonecall until they'd walk past.  Schools don't do enough to combat bullying, at all.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What's the one Constantine lives in? A magic house that can warp through space sounds good
IM A SURVIVOR BLACK LUNG A SURVIVOR
Not what I ask. But still a good answer
“Falcon punch!”
And you are a SLAVE to it!
This same question is already in hot
I have an occasional stammer, exacerbated by anxiety.
Praise the sun
“You may not rest, there are monsters nearby”
1000 piece pure black hell jigsaw puzzle
Just remember.. ALL CAPS when you spell the man's name..
Did you get the game on release or later?
My dad.
Round one. FIGHT!
You OP! That thing you did was horrible!! I had no idea it could even be done! With whipped cream aswell?! Absolutely vile! And the cheese....damn....only god can save you
pebbles in your shoe
I shall attend to this when higher priority concerns have been dealt with.  Add either an unreasonably long time estimate or a suggestion to ask someone else for extra sting.
The Flag, Mountains, Youtubers and Maple Syrup
Stadium
No need to name call, I'm sure they were all just trying to help.
Eh. It's a good game. Too many flaws to be called awesome imo.
Kindness
damn I wish I had a gold to give you
Why walk when you can ride?
Definitely!
Beacause I was born(?)
Not necessarily. I’m pretty average and have had that happen to me a few times.
You’re jealous of her stream 😂
Stay awhile and listen
Black Sheep Wall
Bang
What percentage of people that you meet think you are actually him?
Slowly being emotionally abused over a period of years and losing my spark and becoming a husk of my former self and very depressed. And then realizing that the one abusing me is the cause and that I don't have to live that way. And then realizing that person is happiest when I'm the most miserable and they don't care about my well being at all.      I now have zero tolerance for manipulation and will cut ties with people who raise red flags. I also refuse to manipulate other people. I don't put on a convincing face with anyone. Some people now see me as slightly cold but that's because I don't want to pretend to be awesome in order to secure friendship. I want an actual long term healthy relationship.
YOU DIED
Oranges oddly enough.  But that kinda predates Israel I guess.
Hmmmm
Working at grocery store in 1963
Loki, The Witcher, sex education, Rick and morty, and queer eye. I also wish they wouldn’t have canceled atypical, they could’ve done so much more with it
>what I might call evidence, you might call coincidence  Then your evidence is weak. Strong evidence holds up against scrutiny.
Sorry my English is too bad :)
Unfortunately! But it is a gorgeous hobby to take up! Maybe you could look into home ballet options, I know it’s not the same but I’ve seen ballet shoes at thrift stores… maybe a home based program could get you the basics that satisfy an itch?
Protective maybe
Finger flick to the nose.
NOT AGAIN DUTCH
Mel Gibson
He flys pretty good for a brick
YOU CAN’T CUT BACK ON FUNDING! YOU WILL REGRET THIS!
What the fuck
Arabic. Finally understnd what imigrants are talking behind my back.
It was because of marching band that I learned to interact a bit weirdly around her sometimes. Her being in position of leadership kinda helped that too. I couldn’t act ‘chill’ because I had the fear of slipping up with how I really thought about her. If you ever watched the anime _GAMERS!_ and noticed how ridged and military-like Keita Amano acted towards Karen Tendo, it was a bit like that.  Also, I grew more into identifying with the idea of Stormtroopers from _Star Wars_. Faceless soldiers behind uniformly white suits, with strict collective focus of being part of something greater than themselves, ready to do whatever is ordered of them, regardless of personal biases. Whenever the rest of the band was chill, laughing, talking, and interacting, I looked as if I was never called out of ‘attention’ stance. Even while sitting in the bus I sat completely straight and still, going to football games and band competitions, and only stared at the seat in front of me. I was trying to be as robotic-like as I could get when I was with the band. Believing myself to be only a number, and never to stand out (ironically doing the opposite, when I think back to it).
Nibelung valesti!
The Jak and Daxter series deserves a proper remaster.
Resident Evil 4!
Oh and they usually are very quick to get into physical fights.
Would you kindly...?
There was someone on tinder who I matched with and talked with for a bit, and then she didn’t want to go out with me. Like why the fuck did u match with me, and then talk with me if u had no intention of going out with me… fucking waste of my time, it’s a god damn dating app for fucks sake
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Stubbing your toe.
it means that jane is a serial killer and kim is her accomplice.  run away!!!
can relate my close friend was killed by a truck when we were 16. still think of you Vivek
Eat deep-fried Mars Bars.
Not forgetting the date.
Plush. Stone temple pilots.
This is something Will from The Inbetweeners would do
"We are under attack!"
My intent for the post wasn't to turn it into a religious debate. I'm all about the Universe and synchronicities!
"It's dangerous to go alone, take this."
Raw?
OH WHEN THE SPURS
Most people went nuts after being alone in lockdown after a month, you've been alone for years.. probably not the best.
Such an amazing experience. Just replayed through 2 the other day after like 6 years. Would love to be able to play them again for the first time.
Right now in Hawaii I’m in the midst of a water crisis. The Navy couldn’t find any problem with our drinking water, but the dept of health found 350 times the amount of acceptable petroleum. Haven’t had water for over 10 days and won’t for estimated 6+ months. Even when it is “fixed” I will never trust the Navy that it is safe. So after making me sick for 6 months, I’m now still paying $3200/month for a house where I need to haul water like a modern day pilgrim.
Yes I know what you mean! it looks so awesome but i have the artistic capabilities of a chicken nugget.
Oregon Trial.
I always think of the country Japan
This assumes I'm not sad every other day
He listened to Nickleback.
Cartels.
The uncle of my mother came back a few times, he was a typical Dutch gardener who still walked on clogs, drank gin and was the happiest man I ever saw. He was more my grandpa than my grandpa. But every time he came back he said: “Jesus still doesn’t need a gardener”.   That was a special man.
Careful, there's a point of enlightenment past which your body physically changes and you cum szechuan sauce.
They liked anime.....which is ironic because I now watch anime...
Not any more
the music, character designs, the story. pretty much everything about it, it's a really good game.
When we’d started dating, my husband made me play this level to test me.   Of COURSE I slaughtered everyone and he was horrified lmfao
Teachers pay into that pension their entire lives; it's not free money. A teacher making 60$k has 10$k taken off in union dues, pensions, licensing fees, etc. before factoring in income tax and loan repayment. 60$k->50$k->42$k net after everything is done... to work paid and unpaid over 8h/day. Many in the U.S. also have to pay OOP for their classroom furnishings/supplies.
A towel that looks fancy, but was cheap to buy
On your feet soldier, we are leaving!
I feel like Danes would also be allowed to do it. They famously hold a potato in their mouths at all times when they talk
Japanese boys murder girl in Japan, public blames American Influence.
Mexican culture is my favorite because I’m Mexican.
Honestly, I don't know. Probably a chemical imbalance in my brain or something. There rarely is a reason I can find behind it.
Work
I have been through 5 long term relationships which all ended with her leaving me. Every time it was devastating. I am broken.
Gaslight, Ironic, and Racist
One time with my ex, I had diarrhea, but she didn't cared because you know she was in the mood. So as a man I had to play along because why not, half way there she suddenly switched to be on top and did a little push on my stomach and that was enough to awaken the monster that was inside me. Without a world I jumped up run to the toilet and release the krakken. After that she didn't wanted to finish the game  (Sry for my bad english)
Unused, but still my favourite: Did you ever stop to think that eventually there's a point where your name gets mentioned for the very last time? Well, here it is. I'm going to kill you, Chell.
Sorry to hear that, seems in needs addressing and not being left to fester
Ferda!
Papercut  .. oh thought you said 100HP sorry it's late
No I haven’t yet
Thank you. I’m sorry for not taking more time to relay more accurate info. This was t even a divorce. It was a family member on fiancée side who 1.) 48 yrs she is barren and can’t have kids. 2.) hates me because of a Jewish last name. 3.) blatantly lied to the investigator. 4.) when she heard the kids were coming home. She hires a attorney. I mean who does this
The one I get triggered by is -  them tryna double check things that I already wrote on bio 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭   My inner self just wanna scream at them but can't: Yoooo dumb dumb i put it all in bio so we don't have to be awkward about asking basic things on where I live and what's my height or what's my name hahahahah farrr out...
Would you be interested in a trade agreement with England?
RELATABLE.
"In the name of Hades, I accept this message."
Really try to enjoy and savor pooping.
The rock gives no reply.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
My ears never stop ringing
Not at all. You just play like a normal guy🤙
Basic gift card
Being sexually assaulted. It changed everything about who I was.
"did you say nerd?"
Stay awhile and listen
Find ways to create more humans and I'd probably go looting and make a Walmart my home also I'd run around nude  Info what happens to the others
Well, they should rebalance it so enchanting is not as busted as it was. A single enchant +1 weapon let you break the game. Like insanely break the game.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Playing baseball. My body is ruined
*As bad as Cankles
Haven't they? They came, they won, they quit and allied Afghanistan fell after that.
Why you got two swords?.....
Moose and maple syrup
I dream about nothing, whenever I start dreaming, I get self conscious and start questioning the world, and it always falls apart. I haven’t dreamt for 6 months
Red and white
As somebody who's only played 3, I can confirm it's in it.
Double same. Most of my joints are oddly flexible. I used to freak kids out for fun way back in middle school by turning my leg backwards while standing lol.
I should go.
I don’t always have sex when I go camping but when I do it’s fucking in tents.
Actually pretty bad game but to each their own.
Yugoslavian coins under the bed.
Amazon gift card
I don’t think people get down on one knee to propose in Tamriel, though.
The cake is a lie
That's not always bad. I applied for an Assistant Store Manager job and was told during the phone interview that it was company policy to advertise the open position, but that it was basically already filled by a Team Leader in the store. I was offered the Team Leader position at a better pay rate than what I was currently making. I took the position after an in person interview with the SM and a second with the first ASM and TL that was to be promoted to second ASM. All seemed like great people. Less than 3 months later, ASM #1 got promoted to SM of her own store and I got promoted to her vacant spot. After typing all this, I realize our stories aren't exactly similar, but I took the effort to type it all out anyway so I'm still gonna post it.
Sociopaths, people with ASPD, etc are assholes, it's literally their personality to be an asshole. The definition of anti-social is not some withdrawn but misunderstood poor soul - they don't have the capability to empathise, and therefore they behave offensively, and are cruel.  However, these people are often smart and charming, so it can be really hard to tell. Often they won't be diagnosed ASPD, because they don't actually believe there is anything wrong with them and aren't likely to get a diagnoses. Most prisoners have it, and of course there are different levels of severity.  The kind of traits/behaviours I've noticed in it are a charming personality, cruel to animals, loud, never apologises unless it's manipulative, tries to pit people against each other on sides, spreads rumours, rude/innapropriate, believes they are right when very clearly wrong, believes they are smarter than average (may or may not be true), racist, thrill seeker, money hungry... So many more...  Basically the stereotypical asshole that thinks their shit doesn't stink.
If you ever end up in England the fish and chips and cider are on me.
Salam Hayek (Giggidy)
You’re welcome! :)
Tim tams and Tim Hortons!
It’s not that old but Battlefield 4
I’m commander Shepard and this is my favorite store in the Citadel👍
Cheaper herion
Balck and white. And add a VR mode to it
Go stand in a corner if you’re cold, they’re usually 90 degrees.
Sometimes it's better to just not give a shit, rather then constantly stressing out and making a big deal out of nothing.
"The Great White North"
Foreigner's unplugged version of "Say You Will"
The pink oboe…
Please tell me you don't actively use it
No fridge deserves to be fucked, they are all precious.
My parents are puritans. I don't want them knowing I've been naked in a room with another person or anything more risqué than that.
Our nose rings got hooked on each other somehow and it took about five minutes to get them untangled.
ok
I want to make lil houses out of wood and paper
Ironic.
I love this!
He initiated a secret bombing campaign of Cambodia during the Vietnam war which killed countless civilians andundermined the Cambodian government which allowed the Khmer Rogue led by Pol Pot to come into power and commit genocide on his own people. He supported the 1974 coup in Chile which led to the murder of democratically elected president Salvador Allende who Kissinger and the CIA falsely claimed was a communist, and the installation of fascist dictator Augusto Pinochet. He approved of Indonesia's invasion of East Timor and was indifferent to genocide committed by the Indonesian military.  These are only just a few of the reason's why he should be imprisoned. In short, he is a war criminal who has been directly responsible for the deaths of many civilians and has also not only been complacent in the atrocities committed by other regimes but has willingly supported them if they benefited his interests
"Also check out terraria!"
Did she suck it afterwards
And which of those are even close to the US economically? Politically? Militarily? Which are even comparable in freedoms?
Prince fucking Andrew and Donald duck
Pac-Man
My wife identify herself a a duck, she say " quack "
I should go.
Well thought out sir, spew it all out, I'm intrigued 🤔
Look at you, hacker: A pathetic creature of meat and bone, panting and sweating as you run through my corridors. How can you challenge a perfect, immortal machine?
My army of darkness t shirt
Ba harmy putar? Glarch!
Ya gotta go balls out
Being responsible for mass deaths in other countries. He's an asshat just like every US president.
It's been well over a decade now. I do think about what happened on average once a month. I just ponder what life would be like if it never happened.
That would be incredible
We have a human to burn
I am dating outside of the religion and having immoral relations
“ I need a weapon” “finish the fight” “to give the covenant back their bomb”
Ken Griffin
Work work
Giant alien spiders are no joke.
>Poutine râpée is a traditional Acadian dish that in its most common form consists of a boiled potato dumpling with a pork filling; it is usually prepared with a mixture of grated and mashed potato.  >The origin of the term poutine is unclear, but it might be a bastardisation of "pudding"; râpé, -e is French for "grated". Therefore, poutine râpée could be literally translated as "grated pudding".  Kind of sounds like savoury puddings, like steak and kidney pudding (where the pudding is basically a steamed suet dumpling with a steak and kidney filling)  Therefore, Poutine is probably British! (just explained this to my Canadian wife, who glared at me with daggers until I explained the suet puddings we have, and then she was like, well that makes sense, plus you do hate the French)  Basically Poutine is British!  We've eaten cheesy chips with gravy for decades too, but with real cheese
Kim is trying to tell you that Jane talks about you, without saying it, and Kim likes Jane and Jane likes you, and if you keep hitting on Kim, you will lose both Kim and Jane.
Hey you, you’re finally awake.
Being choked by my father at 19
"I'm afraid"
Puberty.  But it's possible I've always been an asshole.  Now get your shit together and stand up for yourself.  It will be uncomfortable at first but it becomes easier with time, much like anal sex.  Plus, people will notice and most won't be mad at you for it and many will increase their respect for you.    That being said.  It's possible to be kind and conscientious without being, "nice".    Nice, to me, is people pleasing and a way to avoid conflict.  Once I learned to approach conflict with a better framework (actually tackling it head on vs. avoidance behavior) I found that it caused my entire way of thinking to shift.  Instead of finding ways to avoid conflict I found ways to solve problems.
glory hole.  gangbang. threesome. i actually wanna try taking it in both my holes ❤️
Laxatives
The dealer added stickers I see people driving around annoy me to no end. Like why the fuck do you keep those on people?  I would never buy from a dealer there are so many people selling cars it is just so much more to use a dealer. The problem is not everyone is mechanically inclined and can't properly look over a car where I can. I should make a video on how to do that.
I like willies
*Barbecue flavored confusion*
I think it teaches them what the right words look like...I'm not qualified enough to talk about how it is or isn't affecting how and why kids need/use spelling these days. It's just so different from how we all learned without the same technology/internet access.
Does it count if I never really had any intention of buying/using it but the ads cemented it?  Because if so, pick an online casino app commercial. They're the most obnoxious, offputting shit I've ever seen. Especially that irritating twat JB Smoove and the goddamned Caesar's Sportbook ads.
Chicks name was "Shady". She had a really bad obsession sort of issue. refused to leave me alone, stop calling or texting. I couldn't resist the comedy and at that point after being pushed was resigned to having to hurt her feelings a little for her to get the point...     She was pleading and asking me why I didn't call her or text her back more and I said "..Something about you, just seems....Kind of...Shady.."     So, I suppose my actual reason was legit but the reason in her world is going to be that it was because her name was Shady.
definitely
“I have a goddamn plan!”
this made me think of that shia labeouf musical lol
Marie McCray
Ese
Listen!...
It's a stupid quote.  Practice is a thing.  You do something badly, but you keep doing it and eventually you get a different result.  Same with like slot machines or lotto. You keep doing it and eventually you get a different result.
There are multiple Muppets games
Agreed. I've always said the cartoon style helps SNES games remain ageless, while platforms like the Playstation put too much work into trying to be as photorealistic as possible with the day's technology... Which made a lot of the games age age really terribly.  I'm still playing my SNES mini to this day (our old SNES is at my folks' and I'm not sure it still works sadly).
Pick up basket and rush home. Just infuriating  any naysayers I run into in the garage. Yes, I did bring MORE. No I'm not collecting them.  They aren't just numbers to me they are needs. Wonderful loving and giving needlets (unintelligible baby noises to them)   Screw the car, it's cold dead metal. You worried about hair on it? Be more worried about what I'll do to it if you condemn the precious using it as reason. These guys are alive and they sit where they please. You wanna fight? I'm ready to fight, life pressed the kitten button. That brings out the old me. You never got to meet him baby. That man was a cold blooded killer. Now he's wired to defend kittens and such nicer things. And he'll do so with a mf'ing chainsaw. Ree-ree-ree-ree. Do you accept my ultimatum?  Alright then,know that I love you even more than kittens. Especially when you are being considerate to life. But if you grow wild, just like a tree....ree-ree-ree-ree. Ok, ok....I will put down the chainsaw. What's for supper? Ooh it smells like arsenic soup. You'll have to try harder than that, that won't stop me or my love. Let me just cut us up carrots to go in that soup, sure wish I was still holding a chainsaw.
NOT ENOUGH CASH, stranger...
My aunt always used to say “no use complaining, nobody listens” when asked how she was hahaha
So I hear. I’m super keen to do the same.
1. "28 stabwounds!"  2. "LENNY?!"
what
How I Met Your Mother
Stand up. There You go. You were dreaming. What’s your name?
I hear the music
Glory to mankind
  Knocker upper
My hand goes numb
I used to be a school teacher and I taught myself to read upside down because as I passed the student’s desk I could read their paper. It was much more efficient than going behind them. Also they were 1st graders so they wrote short sentences so pretty easy to read.
Let me tell ya
Not me ofc
Baked beans… They’d burn the eyes outta ya.
I’ve never been good at any sport so you beat me there!
So also your mom
Winner winner chicken dinner
My boyfriend pushed my glass buttplug all the way into my ass. Stood up and was feeling around for the phantom buttplug and then the panic set in when there was nothing there. Everything turned out fine, but was definitely a more literal pain in the ass than usual. He was embarrassed...like "Oh...I didn't realise I pushed it in past the base." It's alright champ, I somehow didn't either!
Crocheting. I’m really good but it requires a lot of time which I don’t have :(
Leaaague
Is it Kos? Or some say, Kosm...
She believed in astrology and tarot cards.
If anyone says Dodge, I will personally come to your house and clog your toilet every day.
Mandatum
Reddit is the best social media site because it gets community right
Worse because they didn't even need that much on hand. They used minimal mounts of it. The problem also somehow bypassed numerous safety measures that were either completely ignored or manually turned off..  The whole thing was a complete fuck up.  One good thing that came from it was essentially modern day ohs standards
Did someone steal my sweetroll? I swear it was right here.
Yep now it's just a political shouting match.
frog
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
She queefed and we both just laughed for like 5 min
50,000 people used to live here
 سوري انا.
She's leaving...
My mom is the only reason I'm still alive. I've dealt with bouts of depression for years now. When I was younger my mom lost a child at birth and I saw the toll it took on her as a kid.   If it wasn't for seeing my mom in that state and knowing what it would do to her to lose another, I would've taken my life years ago.
English, motherfucker! Do you speak it?!
I imagine that's true, and I edited my post to remove the "fuck New Orleans" at the end there because that wasn't fair. But fuck Bourbon Street all day.
I'll look into it! thanks :D
I’m from Ireland. We’ve been getting more snow around February/March but nowhere near enough for snowboarding. There is a centre for it I think up in Dublin but it’s too far to get into it as a regular hobby.
Yes, PANDAS. It's so weird.
…. I dare say wherever you’re from, it’s illegal
Hi on the Mars rover Perseverance I’m dad
Such a great test. And I did that a couple of times
Skydiving
To be honest I'm not sure, my grandpa was the glue that kept that side of the family together so after he passed we all just kinda drifted apart.   I actually have the right to claim my dad's share of the inheritance but I'm fine with just  letting things stay as they are for the time being.
I used to be terrified of unicorns as a kid, they still freak me out.
I’m sorry to hear that. There’s a lot that needs to change about the system.
JASON. JASON. JASON! JASON?
Press f to pay respects
I need a weapon
Cancer.
Old Finnish TV skit.
Well I think that technology has  had a revolutionary change in 21 years. We went from button phones to touch screen TVs. Also a lot has happened in the medical and cultural field. People are more open now.
Spanish  From a communicative perspective, for work and play, it opens up the whole North/South American continent and Spain obviously
That my great grandfather accidentally killed his mother
Going to the doctor the morning after drunken sex to get her tampon extracted.....
Love this
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What a delightful meal 😋
My own dick?  You say that as if you suspect that I sniff someone else's dick!  Never happen.  Absofuckinglutely never!!!  And, I'm sorry, but my neck won't bend that far down.........or my dick that far up!  And the twain shall never meet in the middle....just north of my belly button!  ha
Honda's
War, war never changes.
Stay a while, and listen!
I usually don't like christmas songs. But I found  nice one. The yule fiddler by Patty Gurdy. For those who are into folk music check it out.
I have a plan, Arthur.  The truth is...the game was rigged from the start.
U.K. but a part were it never really snows.  When it does eventually snow it quickly turns back to rain and washes it away
A toy train set like Gomez has in the Addams Family.
Cold and trees. I lived in MN most of my life, so I was always waving at my neighbors across the border. :)
Same! I also really want to do the art where you use string to push designs through the fabric typically pulled in a circle…? I can’t remember the proper name for it…
I'm on Reddit
Got this from the 'Mentalist' TV show. Get comfortable; make sure the room is dark. Close your eyes. Now, silently count 'one' as you breath in, and 'two' when you breath out. nice and easy. Just concentrate on the nice, slow breathing, and the counting. It's worked for me every time I have trouble getting to sleep.
The bombs payload is exposed.
Not that often anymore. I had to move on. Living well after people tried to victimize you is the best way to be. I spent way to long being comfortable in that victim position. Kept me from believing in myself alot
I didn't. I think the game offered you a choice and if you said "No" it locked the mission for you.
Whattaya buyin'?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What song?
I miss my ex
Ass
I don't think I would ever get married, even if I believe I found my soulmate. The risk of divorce is far too complicated and time consuming.
“Mobile suit” good luck messing this one up
BT!
Optimus prime if he had a human form
Synchronicity. I don't know what it is though. All I know is some things are far too coincidental to just happen. The universe gives you little winks if you're open to it. But this isn't me saying I believe in a sky daddy. Also I guess I've seen some things like ghosts yea that sounds edgy and ik science says im wrong but im agnostic on it all. Idk what life is, i won't be shocked if there so much we dont know
Stand up comedy, I toured the world, worked with all the biggest names, and then when time came for me to take the spotlight for myself, I quit.
I’ve survived 7 fairly major car accidents
Time to wake up, Mr. Freeman
we got over our fear of Y2K
Tony hawk underground 2 / American wasteland NFS underground 1 and 2/ most wanted Simpsons hit and run. Midnight club series.
Working in Human Resources for seven years. I teach English in Korea now.
A lot less bob saget
Obstructive desheathing
We were talking about our previous sexual relationships with exes. She told me her story and I realized she ddnt do those things with me. I asked her why. She said “ she was shy with me.” I said ok. Then I ghosted her.
in reddit
buying gf 20k
Dragon Archer?
Talos the mighty! Talos the unerring! Talos the unassailable! To you we give praise! We are but maggots, writhing in the filth of our own corruption! While you have ascended from the dung of mortality, and now walk among the stars! But you were once man! Aye! And as man, you said, “Let me show you the power of Talos Stormcrown, born of the North, where my breath is long winter. I breathe now, in royalty,and reshape this land which is mine. I do this for you, Red Legions, for I love you.”  Aye, love. Love! Even as man, great Talos cherished us. For he saw in us, in each of us, the future of Skyrim! The future of Tamriel! And there it is, friends! The ugly truth!    We are the children of man! Talos is the true god of man! Ascended from flesh, to rule the realm of spirit! The very idea is inconceivable to our Elven overlords! Sharing the heavens with us? With man? Ha! They can barely tolerate our presence on earth! Today, they take away your faith. But what of tomorrow? What then? Do the elves take your homes? Your businesses? Your children? Your very lives?    And what does the Empire do? Nothing! Nay, worse than nothing! The Imperial machine enforces the will of the Thalmor! Against its own people! So rise up! Rise up, children of the Empire! Rise up, Stormcloaks! Embrace the word of mighty Talos, he who is both man and Divine! For we are the children of man! And we shall inherit both the heavens and the earth! And we, not the Elves or their toadies, will rule Skyrim! Forever! Terrible and powerful Talos! We, your unworthy servants, give praise! For only through your grace and benevolence may we truly reach enlightenment! And deserve our praise you do, for we are one! Ere you ascended and the Eight became Nine, you walked among us, great Talos, not as god, but as man! Trust in me, Whiterun! Trust in the words of Heimskr! For I am the chosen of Talos!
American here. The phrase is "sick and tired" not "tired and sick".
Sounds like a 90s kid’s wet dream
There’s no clear cut answer to this. Some people can and some can’t. It depends on the intensity and time demand of your program/major and also the type of job. I know some people who are able to work more because they actually able to study and get school work done while at their jobs.
Hah!  My husband and I spent the back half of a night out in one of the hustler clubs off of Bourbon a few years ago until it closed for the night and had a great time.  For some reason was an off-night for the club in terms of traffic until super super late, so we wound up hanging out and drinking with several of the girls in between their dances and hustling for private dances.  Met other dancers from other clubs as they came through.  Wound up getting some time with one of the girls BC she was just great company and it was contact and I think longer than it was supposed to go.  That hangover lasted two days. Was really interesting and hilarious to see and hear how it works and what the dancers really thought of things.
This had me sobbing 😭😂
About what?
Hockey, French accents and syrup
*“nobody reads these anyway"*  Don't you just wanna grab these people by the shoulders and shake them?!?!
Pull up a chair by the hearth!
Congratulations! When is he due?
Here in germany nude beaches are ubiquitous and strangers who spend their vacations here are always shocked when they learn that you are not allowed to wear anything on wide parts of the coastline. Is it really so unusual to be naked on the beach elsewhere?
it will be good in a few years it's the witcher all over again
Good News by Mac Miller
I'm sorry are you calling the Muslims the bad guys in this scenario?
I'm an Asian and we've always been told it's the go-to way to relieve yourself at the very best. Turns out, I later  saw a few articles that gave medical reasoning behind it. Yeah, it does clear it out pretty well.
Not so old but Ezio trilogy from Assassin's Creed
Hermit crab, I like the cut of their gib!
"Boy!"
It’s bothered me most of my adult life. But thanks.
I would also like to add pyramid scheme cult.
How is this different than English speakers calling Deutschland, Germany?
Hermit crab. Much easier IMO, never had a pet crayfish before though. Had tons of hermits crabs
I can’t believe I’m telling stranger on the internet this butI ripped my exes foreskin from his penis once cause I wasn’t wet enough during sex.
I'd like to say the Adams Family house, but I'd probably die
For some reason I’ve never thought to look for it on YouTube. The only Australian channel which showed it was a cash-strapped public channel, so I’m super keen to see it without fuzzy everything.
Look! A three headed monkey
I am so so sorry to read that. It's super strange if you are a mature person and your partner is like that (besides of all the love) It seems like an impossible task to me
Talos the mighty! Talos the unerring! Talos the unassailable! To you we give praise! We are but maggots, writhing in the filth of our own corruption! While you have ascended from the dung of mortality, and now walk among the stars! But you were once man! Aye! And as man, you said, “Let me show you the power of Talos Stormcrown, born of the North, where my breath is long winter. I breathe now, in royalty,and reshape this land which is mine. I do this for you, Red Legions, for I love you.”  Aye, love. Love! Even as man, great Talos cherished us. For he saw in us, in each of us, the future of Skyrim! The future of Tamriel! And there it is, friends! The ugly truth!    We are the children of man! Talos is the true god of man! Ascended from flesh, to rule the realm of spirit! The very idea is inconceivable to our Elven overlords! Sharing the heavens with us? With man? Ha! They can barely tolerate our presence on earth! Today, they take away your faith. But what of tomorrow? What then? Do the elves take your homes? Your businesses? Your children? Your very lives?    And what does the Empire do? Nothing! Nay, worse than nothing! The Imperial machine enforces the will of the Thalmor! Against its own people! So rise up! Rise up, children of the Empire! Rise up, Stormcloaks! Embrace the word of mighty Talos, he who is both man and Divine! For we are the children of man! And we shall inherit both the heavens and the earth! And we, not the Elves or their toadies, will rule Skyrim! Forever! Terrible and powerful Talos! We, your unworthy servants, give praise! For only through your grace and benevolence may we truly reach enlightenment! And deserve our praise you do, for we are one! Ere you ascended and the Eight became Nine, you walked among us, great Talos, not as god, but as man! Trust in me, Whiterun! Trust in the words of Heimskr! For I am the chosen of Talos!
Finding out that my cancer is in remission.
An entire wheel of brie cheese
Super Mario RPG: The Legend of the Seven Stars  I'm imagining it in either Links Awakening Remaster style or even in Odyssey style, its such a great story
Cold
War, war never changes
Left the server on overnight once and basically woke up to this in the logs.
Does this unit have a soul?
“Spartans never die Jorge, they’re just missing in action.”
War . War never changes !
*In a world without gold, we might have been heroes!*  And  *For years I have been rushing around, taking what I fancied, not giving a Tinker's Curse for those I hurt. Yet here I am... with riches and reputation, feeling no wiser than when I left home. Yet when I turn around, and look at the course I've run... here's not a man or woman that I love left standing beside me.*
Canadian supremacy forever, mate.
I don't want to start a cult where I don't even like the followers
Hey you! You’re finally awake
A guy was fucking me pretty hard and when he came he yelled out "fuck yes Tatiana I love you!" My name is Vince. I never saw him again
Judith de los Santos
ballet, it's something I've always wanted to do but it's sooo expensive :(
I beat halo 3 on legendary 👍
All, I never finish shows even when I like them. Kill la Kill, Castlevania, I stopped once and never resumed.
I am not British. I just live here long term
Not a woman, but my friend is one, and she said anything opposite of me
We finally have the videophones we’ve wanted since TV was first a thing.
Do you feel any regrets for those you bullied?
Are baby boomers even a thing outside the US?
There’s a dildo in one if my drawers
I lost everything and started my life over.
French are just sickos
Just replayed Portal 2 the other day and this whole thread is just making me so happy. Honestly, such a si.ple game with such rich world building.
traveling.
I had a phone interview once for a software development position, while mid call the guy had to speak to some one else, and I could hear him say "what do you mean the server is down again?"
Music.
Oof
And the science gets done.
"The Infinity Blade, the God killer. It took me a millenia to find this"
I graduated from high school so I dont have around any academic advisor that I know besides in school. Are they expensive much ?   And 3-7 times ? Wow I didnt thought people change their major that much.  I was thinking of being an Interpreter, than idea of being a stewardness came into my mind.Than Japanese Literature.Than now I am contemplating being both an artist and an Interpreter at the same time.  But regardless, I dont want to be "something"' at life.I dont want to fit into a role, I want to be everything I desire and work hard for it.I want to know and see cultures I am interested in, I want to leave a mark on this world that says I was here.
Basically my entire childhood. I learned very early on that the world was not a safe place and the only person I could rely on was myself. Terrified to make a mistake or fail in any way. I'll probably never get married because I always have an eye on the exit so I can leave before I'm left. Definitely never having kids. C-PTSD, depression, anxiety just to name a few.    Thanks Mom and Dad.
Clive Barker's Undying...
Honestly, I have no ideas now.
The person that made those cheap ass price stickers that always leave glue or just don't come off 🙄
NBA Street Vol 2
Koala Bears.  especially after those wildfires
I thought this was a Lost quote.
I don't care about it anymore so I rarely have any flashbacks but I have to admit that it's affected my life significantly. I turned into a shy, reserved person who's afraid to go outside just after I started kindergarten where I met my first bully. I kept on being bullied for the next four years, would develop a school phobia and even start seeing a psychiatrist for that reason when I was 8/9. It's been like almost a decade and I still don't trust people and have troubles creating relationships. I don't think I even care about having friends, it all has turned me into an extreme loner who's completely self-sufficient.
I have no idea
[the lollipops ](https://www.walmart.com/ip/142252580)
They took r jobs
The factory must grow.
Tacos
Bingo bango bongo bish bash bosh
How is half 8 the same as half 7???
Would you kindly...
It's like dreamless sleep.
Kim isn’t interested.
I'm screwing my GF doggie style in her apartment on the living room futon.  Banging away with force and the front door opens up.  The landlord is showing an old man the wrong apartment for rent.  All I hear is the door open up fast and the landlord says "This is the apartment" .  The older guy says "I'll take it".
Like hot butter through bread
I feel like 3 or 4 people have said this to me actually.   I'm still not really sure on my legal rights regarding it. I'm having enough trouble paying for food now!   It's really horrid. The legal organizations that do compensations for victims are actually legally required to make them take action, yet it's funny how often these things just don't happen. It's taken me 5 years to even get my files from doctors just due to them being withheld so I'm actually up for suggestions but I'm not even sure what can be done at this stage. The paper work for the amendments took 2 years and its months in between acknowledgements from the state or contact between the judicial departments. By that time the actual action that can be taken lapses so I feel really fucked over.   It's a wonder how anyone gets through this system honestly.
What a save!
They're probably used to overcharging some poor fuck with an overworked public defender so he'll take the deal.
Nothing really that bad. My time on this game has been generally positive.
yeah man, brand new cartoons are expensive
My at the time gf was going down on me in the tv room. I heard a muffled meow from the other room, and then another. Didnt think too much of it, my cats get up to things and are quite talkative about it. I called back to the cat, but didnt hear anything back, so we went back to it. A minute later, my cat walks in, proud as can be, with a bird in her mouth. A dead bird really put a damper on the mood. Finding out it was still alive  changed the mood again.
I have trust issues due to being abused for years in a friendship/relationship with a woman who is a sociopath, as well as other past relationship trauma. I don’t trust anyone except my parents and my closest friends now. Approaching new relationships feels impossible, I can hardly talk to new women in my life without feeling like I’m doing something wrong. I want a long term relationship with someone who cares about me, and can accept me for who I am, but I’m afraid of being abused again. I also never want to have kids due to childhood trauma, so my dating pool is rather challenging, since that seems to be a deal-breaker for most people. That, on top of multiple concussions, one very recent, has me at the point where I can hardly remember what I was like 15 years ago. I haven’t found a new way of living yet, right now it just feels like everything is a foggy spiral.
All of them - uk
In girlfriend's apartment on the second floor. We were in front of a large sliding glass door. I look out onto the parking lot and there was this dude just staring up at us. I gave the guy a great big wave. He sheepishly waved back and walked off.   I never told her a damned thing about what happened.
tf?
What a save!
Cheers, love. The cavalry’s here.
Well I better hope the chickens are fried and crispy
Why? It’s more efficient than unleaded and actually better for the environment as they emit less CO2…
Collecting cars
Dark, and a bit rebellious.   Well done.
Bathsalts
Good food
Go forth and multiply
I have seen several bios  like that, I agree on all that.
I didn't want to make people cry...
It’s dangerous to go alone. Take this.
If I push my tongue to the top of my mouth, I can inflate the parts underneath my jaw a distance of about 10cm. I use it to freak people out.
Hey, listen!
Maple leaf
Sus
I have no clue I'm pretty sure I learnt English sometimes in kindergarten.
Black widows, aka the entire reason I don’t want to visit Canada
Dungeon Keeper
First half i thought it was funny. But wtf is this guy doing if he has diarrhea
>tiny doot  Man if only she could see this thread right now…
Good luck with it all anyway, hope it’s not causing you too much distress
You wanna be warm? Maintain my farm
What do I want to eat?. It's not an easy question to answer
All of the people here saying Pop-Eyes, I say no more.  Go ahead and tackle a new little business called "Frankie's Nashville Hot Chicken." You will not have a better chicken sandwich, I can assure you.  It's family-owned and they're growing but they absolutely butt-fuck Pop-Eyes for quality. My brother got me on them after making the same claim to which I just shrugged because who gets excited at that sort of news(?)  Anyways, yea, I was blown away. Like *blown away*. I thought Mary Browns was the shit but thiiiiiiis is THUH SHIT.
My childhood friend hector, he'd go to Mexico to visit family alot n bring back a big ass bag of these suckers. The suckers or lollipops are covered in chilli and they are in the shape of corn, mangos n watermelon
Yes?
Breaching charge activated
No cost too great
Any law banning the use of certain guns, because those laws were put in place to protect yourself from government tyranny.
Fire in the hall
There are a bunch of easy patterns and tutorials on the internet if that helps inspire you. (:
Caitlyn Jenner probably shouldn’t be behind bars unless you put everyone who has an accident behind bars.  There was no evidence she committed a crime based on the statement of the district attorney.  They did find that she applied her breaks and that she was driving below the speed limit.  She also was sober.  She was towing an ATV and likely thought she’d be able to stop sooner than she could, a simple accident.   https://www.statesman.com/story/news/politics/politifact/2021/05/13/did-caitlyn-jenner-kill-someone-get-released-district-attorney/5072816001/
I eat ass
What is it? Dragons?
Fart so loud we both stopped.Wasn't me, and she wasn't. Upstairs neighbor was the culprit. To this day i am still in awe of him and his thundering ass.
garden sheers worked for me
one way to afterworld
I’m going to ask you as well, where are you from? Or more, where are you located?
What's wrong with me?
AR12gaming
"The darkness"
STICK TO THE PLAN
 **BOY**
Changing sex/gender just because you feel like it and find a new to the list. Forcing other ppl to believe in it.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Because I'm too shy/awkward to approach the opposite gender (I'm straight)
what a way to die
It's 7:30.
Every single night I think about how tomorrow is finally going to be the day I get the courage to end my life so I'll be free of the nightmares that I see both in my sleep and everyday life. That I'll finally do what I want instead of just doing what everyone else wants me to do because they think it's the only way. Then I won't have to care about the hypocrisy of having people say I'm the irrational when they act just as irrationally by saying I'm wrong to feel the pain I do. The pain I feel when I see the smartest species we'll ever live to see kills itself slowly for pursuits of the self and not pursuits for the whole. For pursuits meant to fill delusions of grandeur. I think of finally escaping from an existence where the young and smart are expected to fix everything so those before us don't have accept fault where it's due. Every night that's what I think about as I dread sleeping because even then there is no reprieve. Every time it's nightmares about how I don't have the resources or the charisma to help mold the world so we stop wasting ourselves on bullshit so we can all go back to being human and not just a bunch of robots that weren't given processes to follow so we wonder aimlessly trying to impersonate what we all are. I think of dread and suffering and how no matter what I do I'll always be a nameless face that no one will listen to because we can no longer trust those who want to help.
Oj Simpson
Enrol myself on the wildest seriously out there human experimental trials available and live out my days doing the unknown.
Long ago , tow races ruled over the earth : HUMANS and MONSTERS
Are you having a stroke?
ohhh i didnt know that
I like running around without pants on.
Young royals
Ah, the first one that is unrecognizable.
Soap trusted you
Are Kegels good for improving core strength?
J*z** f**k**g Christ, did this anwer take so long?! I mean I'm not that old right?.. RIGHT?!
1. Do you truly believe that good always triumphs over evil?  2. I don't understand the second half of what you wrote, so I'll rewrite it.  Whoever is in power can destroy us.  That I agree with.
Team rocket
Nothing but about the Snow. So far I know there winter is very much cold. Often it remains in minus temperature.
"200 Years"
FOR THE REPUBLIC
Never seen one talking on reddit
What you say doesn't make much sense. The prohibition towards minors has been in place for decades with cigarettes, a simple flavoring wouldn't make anyone think that cigarettes are in anyway more suitable to minors than before. It still falls to the judgement of the vendor to sell or not sell to minors, just as it happens with alcohol. (In EU underage drinking is way more of a problem than underage smoking BTW)  Let's just face it, Phillip Morris is losing a huge chunk of earnings to vaping and that's what stings. Most people I know that vape now, used to be smokers and vaping helped them reduce or cut entirely their smoking habit, me included.
I don’t believe good people are out there I’ve been in the world before they just there to put on a persona of being good
Booooo  Edit* if one event made you believe in a higher power and that event wasn't downright supernatural and literally in violation of the laws of the universe you're  objectively unintelligent.
God this one fucked me up. That’s so disturbing. How can you do that to your fucking child? I tear up just thinking about my son getting his shots.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Corruption
The most recent one was I vomited whilst sucking dick.
"A man's gotta eat"
Run away lol
Anime, Sushi, Ramen, and Vocaloids.
Why am I here? Is it to suffer?
I remember this one dude making very specific death threats. Aside from that maybe N words idk its been ages..  I miss them wow days though coming home from school to grind dungeons
And now you work in a bar in Thailand?
well 2 things actually,  1: just remembered the theory of relativity out of the blue, and all i could think of was that.  2: she woke up, a really rare occurence.
For....
A man chooses, a slave obeys.
 Dragovich, Kravchenko, Steiner... these 'men' must die.
what was this "fact" you speak of
Goddamn it. Here’s my upvote. Now fuck off.
Where are you from??
I'm okay with it. I've done it before and I'm sure I'll do it again. If someone is insufferable and I just can't reason with them I just don't reply and if I have to, block them. It's annoying and stressful. I don't want to spend my time arguing with people. Once in a while is one thing but I don't want to deal with a constant battle. I've been ghosted a few times too. I'm cool with that. I'm not a person who doesn't take rejection well and I don't talk to people who don't want to talk to me so it's fine. They probably just got tired of my shit, which is fair. I can understand that.       There are good reasons to do it. I know some people get extremely offended by it and they tend to get very very angry when I say it but there are more important things than your sensitive feelings. A lot of women feel like if they reject men they'll do something crazy. A lot of people have anxiety and it's very difficult to have that conversation. And a lot of people are just sick of your shit and they would rather just not. All valid reasons and all things you should get over. It's not the end of civilization. You'll be fine.
I had a girl riding me on my bedroom floor but up against my bed. She tried to do a hair flip or something and headbutted the end of my bed post and completely knocked herself out for a second.
Beer. I had to stop drinking alcohol when I started chemotherapy.
Ouch! That sucks
I kinda read that all staggered one letter at a time.
The bullying I experienced was mostly just being excluded from things. For example I'd try to join a game and everyone would be shitty to me until I left.   I don't have "flashbacks" but it's definitely stunted my ability to form long lasting connections with other people. Silver lining: I'm very comfortable with my own company and don't generally get lonely
Wake up Mr Freeman. Wale up and smell the ashes.
“50,000 People Used to Live Here. Now It's a Ghost Town.”
I've got two classics for you:  "War. War never changes".  "Stay a while and listen".
He’s heating up!
"30 seconds until minions spawn"
I did. I spent $$$ thousands to get them back. I am upset. Especially when the people who did it lied. These people also go to a Methadone Clinic for Drug Abuse! The report was completely false about me. But the investigator never called me back. I even called the supervisor and they never returned a call. I lost my fiancée amd kids. The family court system is broken! They destroyed my family.
Would you like to sign my petition ?
You okay bro?
The new demographic I was around and it was easy.
Mass genocide
my wife knew a guy who drove like this, he would slow down to let cyclists overtake.
... thinks, one is too big, or the other is too small.
'Jill sandwich'
I love the smell of burning ectoplasm in the morning
Irish “people” are primitive and ugly ape-like bog dwellers.
#Kengriffinlied
How could you not know?! That's...that's practically blasphemous. Say you're sorry! Apologize to the funyarinpa! Goodness, you are such a rude woman.   Or   My motives are...complex. / We might be in the history God abandoned.
Somethin' need doin'?
>Especially when the situation was based on an actual war of separatists in Ukraine at Donetsk.  Do you have a link on that?  I've been thinking that this was just a cruel yet clever plot line. Makarov knows there's a CIA spy among his men. So, he does the killing, then shoots CIA guy and leaves his body there. When investigation starts, they have witnesses who only heard attackers speak English and a single corpse of an attacker who turns out to be a CIA agent.  This is more than sufficient as a declaration of war. And remember that tech stuff you were trying to steal in the winter mission? Yeah, they managed to copy it before you stole it. So, not only Russia feels the need to retaliate, it also has an upper hand in the conflict.  This Makarov guy is a fucking mastermind if you ask me.
Rock and Stone!
You've met with a terrible fate, haven't you?
What about the messages? I would have to manually open and block everyone of them for that too no? Isn't there a feature to block all or ignore all at once
Well… your suppose to if you wanna improve in your knowledge and understand what your talking about lmfao. Guess she didn’t pass kindergarten 😂
Something you do, or just you in general intimidate them. They are scared of you.  People don’t just random say things like that, at least outside of an inside joke or something along those lines.  Something you did or said made them feel like they needed to say that.
among us
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Yellow filter
"After all we've been through, everything that I've done... it can't be for nothing"
Can't believe you're getting down voted for this haha. People really do have this blind love for Obama, he's just as much of an asshole as every other polition and responsible for so many deaths.
\\[T]/
Boomers are either super kind or really rude
Playing Roblox lol
Losing the love of my life because her parents broke us up. She was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen and I would have died for her 1,000 times. I fucking loved her more than anything.
'You forget a thousand things everyday, how about you make sure this is one of them'
Not much. We live in a fairly enlightened time when it comes to sexuality.
That’s a thought.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Full of chickens.
I’m from Russia and I played this mission billions of times with Russian dub
horror movies based off of true stories, the paranormal type of movies
You encouraged panic buying?
Matt Damon always plays someone with godlike skill or aptitude
Making the most of it while it’s legal
The 1981 underarm bowling incident.
Fasting.
Personally, I've seen her too often on YouTube, but still, I felt like writing Florida instead of Nevada thanks to Miami, Miami Beach
"Oh i know what the ladies like" cocks machine gun
Being cheated on. It really has changed how I go into connections with others. I feel like I can’t trust anyone.
And Stanley was happy.
War, war never changes
Damn bro, did the abandoned ones claim?
Yes to 90% of this reply. However many on the right do not call her a freak. They invite and applaud her at cpac. The right simply take issue with the left's attitude of intellectual elitism (displayed in this reply by calling conservative views shit), and the left saying they are the party of science in one sentance and then saying things like men can get pregnant in the next. It has nothing to do with trans people on individual levels at all. They take issue with woke statements clashing with basic science. Of the 6 or 7 trans individuals I know, they actually find the left to be insufferable for being offended on behalf of them. Most trans individuals ive encountered tend to lean libertarian, which means by proxy they tend to lean more moderate than far left.
Neither can I.
I don't know who hurt me, but I've lost like, ALL interest in shows like futurama, simpsons, whatever that new one that was created during mideval times or whatever. Everything is just so.... same-ish these days. Futurama being the BIG one, i used to love that show, now i'm just like "augh, why does everyone love this show still"
I used to speak French and Italian.
I'd guess she means Jane is her best friend.
It means she wants you all to have a threesome
Damn you’re a rock star
I can never understand this either. Such double standards.
Yee-Yee ass haircut
PILL'S HERE!!
All we can do I guess, that’s our base code
Scratch one grub
"Thanks for the tank. He never gets me anything."
Cool accents and wildlife that wants to kill me.
one-upmanship
Saltpeter
Gimme sum chonchon
Exactly period
the ak 107,its recoiless,will fit perfectly to a flamingo with a good adapter and a strap to the bird,next step,break P.E.T.A rules and regulation
to this day i have no idea lmao they just appeared in my life.
"I'm sorry. My face is tired."
No thanks, everything about marriage literally sounds awful and I don’t want kids (ik getting married doesnt mean ur gonna have kids but I’m just saying).
The most European American country
I'll be very comfy🥰🥰 Cuz I'm tucked in bed rn
The thing is, i was the bully and i can pretty much say i’m unbothered and living my life to the fullest mwah
Heroes never die!
I really want to get into crocheting or something, it looks so awesome but I cannot do anything creative.
Diet America
Is the McDonalds gift card intended to be an aid for returning the favor?
Typhoons by Royal Blood
Always prepare yourself for disappointment
“Sir, request permission to leave the station”
Do it at the same time, call it a booster shot.
I know a place on the edge of the Red Light District where we can lay low, but my hands are all messed up, so you better drive brother.
I wish I played more guitar. I still pick it up from time to time though :)
I mean, you never said you were you just stated a statement. Unless you wanna say I never went to a VFA or American Legion????
Yes, swooping is bad.
I'm getting in his TARDIS and doing whatever he suggests next.
I’m interested in trying snowboarding, but I’m the same, not enough snow for it
It’s primarily for all the room available I chose it. The time travel ability is secondary to storage space for snacks, books, and a impossible to open without ownership permission door.
Sans Gaming
No really when your talking and then they get on they’re phone is rude and when they don’t respond that’s rude trying to talk to someone while you get no response if disrespectful
SSX tricky   Had the best time with my cousins playing that on my PS2
Ножик? Хуежик, блин!
I don't think it would have made that much difference. They tried their arses off to suppress it, and it still spread.
Not about me but I once woke up cause my roommate was having a conversation in the bathroom with his date and I was kinda grossed out. I heard them saying:  "Wooow look, and all over your face. That's so nasty"  "It's all over your face as well!"  They were laughing as well. I knew they had sex because it was a very noisy house. And I was like jeez, you don't have to be so proud of that accomplishments and admire it. Just get on with the sex together...  The next morning his date was away and I asked at the breakfast table what they were having fun about in the bathroom. Well apparently they kissing eachother in the dark, and my roommate got a nose bleed. However they didn't notice it because it was dark, and eventually they felt something was weird and they went to the bathroom to check. Their whole faces were painted red lol. I thought it was cum at first 🙈
👊🏻
"Stay Determined!"
Dont forget the Kardashians killed someone in that car crash and got away with it.
Well, it CAN be weird, you just have to be imaginative! Try doing it while wearing fireplace gloves! That's weird!  Or, stand in front of a window that's above your waist, and sing the 'I'm just a gigolo' out the window while you wank. That's weird, too.
I make my own luck.
Phantom Crash
Burning your bridge at both ends!
Hey! It’s me, your cat!   Erm,.. meow?
Amazing, mission complete. That right there is why you’re the best boss
1969 Chevrolet Corvette, jet black with high gloss polish and blacklights underneath. If I ever hit the lottery that is what I am getting as I wanted it done I was six year old.
WOLOLOOO
Yummy snacks
Singing. I was pretty good, went to a bunch a competition and won some to, was on the news and sang a solo at state. Gave up cuz my fam never showed up to any. But I will never pass signing Katy parry with my boyfriend.
It’s not that cold inside stations
Block them
Why ? Out of curiosity.
Keep them all and give them all the love they deserve *-*  Well probably just keep one or two. I already have two. Then searching for a nice home for the other kittens.
Thank god for finally sending me someone who thinks like I do 😂😂
I came here to say this. Skies of Arcadia is one of my favorite RPGs, and I'm begging that it gets a remaster one day!
It really is a lovely instrument, woodwinds forever!
Snaaake!  CCC- Combo breaker  Hadouken  Finish Him  Toryah!  Green warrior needs food badly
In India, if Jenny and Sumit are evidence of anything...
My favorite game has been taken over by jackasses and now I need to take a break from it for my mental health. It feels very personal.
oof
I'm a teenager and I don't like the songs that young people listen to.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Same, tho I was meh at it
Creepshowart and her husband.
I'm a lumberjack and i'm ok
You loss. You probably you charcoal too. Disgusting
“Stick to the PLAN”
Skating. I broke my tailbone and the pain was so intense I never stepped foot on the board again.
“Hey Rocky, watch me put a screwdriver through my hand” “Again? That trick never works!”
I met Buzz Aldrin once when I was a kid, I asked him if he saw aliens on the moon and he said 'I sure did'
“50,000 people used to live here…now it’s a ghost town”
If you promise to bring barbara with the big tee-tees.
it's time to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and i am all out off bubblegum
Come get some!
It’s time to kick ass and chew bubble gum...and I’m all outta gum.
Taco Bell. It is literally poison in tacos
Broheim, you weren there. I could have walked away at any moment. But she was a lot of woman, and I liked it.
Ayyy that’s how I was born
Gits
Well first stop dealing with those same people who you have had those experiences with or at the very least expect them to stay true to what they have shown you who they are. Next realize that everyone is different but that they do usually show you who they are, so you don’t have to expect the worst but you shouldn’t expect the best either. Reserve judgement until you have something to go on. Good luck in life my friend.
The reason I have a long dick is probably because I'm naagvanshi
Terrorists win.
Do you think you'll get your own squad after what happened last night?
I threw up domino’s pizza that we had just eaten on his dick. The lights were off and he didn’t know what had just happened. I kind of caught some of it in my hands but it was also in my mouth so I had my hands over my mouth and was also trying to yell at him to NOT turn the lights on. It ended up happening and I was mortified but we ended up laughing. Now we have a kid together.
War. War never changes
glory to Arstotzka!
it depends on which hole we're talking about...
Digestives. They may clean your bowels real good but that stank that comes out. Good lord. Pray you’re not near any sensitive people 💀😂
Sorry you went through that, man. It sounds like you’re in a nasty divorce, and the battle for custody can get especially dirty and fucked up.  The dangerous part of your initial statement is that it could A. Lead people who witness or suspect abuse to be less likely to report it (because most people don’t wake up in the morning stoked to ruin others’ lives), and B. Make families who need support less likely to accept it out of fear of having their kids ripped away from them.  Similar to your experience with your comment, my comments aren’t hypothetical. They’re things mandated reporters see and struggle against regularly. You have very specific goggles on right now, but your challenge lies more in custody / divorce procedures than in the ways Child (and Adult) Protective Services typically operates.
She dumped me
Had shorts that tied and they got tied in a really tight knot and I couldn't get them untied. The harder I tried the tighter it got. I excused myself and cut them to get them off lol
I only made my account yesterday and I have 97 followers and 56 message Requests, I don't want to chat with them but is there any way I can ignore all of them without opening and ignoring each of them manually?
They do?
Sorry that had to happen to you!
Remus Lupin, that wolf thing is sexy to me lol 🐺(not a furry tho)
Organic life is nothing but a genetic mutation, an accident. Your lives are measured in years and decades. You wither and die. We are eternal, the pinnacle of evolution and existence
Stop Criminal!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Did you find them yet
I would definitely claim it
Come on man. Everyone gets bullied. Everyone bullies too. Get over it. Be tough. Move on.
Negatively. Of course you can
War, war never changes
Really stupid drivers, Karen’s (especially the extra psycho ones), and (sorry to get possibly political) Donald Trump for treasonous actions and attempted election fraud. It’s genuinely distressing that he got away with that.  As an add on: all or most of the higher ups in the Facebook corporation. It’s such an evil corporation, and either those people contribute or allow it
You are the one from my dreams...
"Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?"
“Oh no! You’re meeting all my standards.”
Pardon my subpar explanation; I was mostly thinking about social and cultural constructs, in example how both are viewed as "overly apologetic" or nice, not traditional customs!  I think many of us view Canadians as friendly, warm and helpful, something we hope to see in our self!  Norway is a quite small country, but a large part of the population tends to care about international affairs, and Canadian politics are often viewed as closer to "our" or European mindset, which sadly sometimes is used in contrast to what is happening in the US.
Tony Blair
F
“Wait, wait, wait. Something about this feels kinda hinky.”
My birthday is between Christmas and New Year. Actually it’s not that fun.
Basketball. It’s the one sport I’m ass at. I would practice, but I’d rather not get clowned in a pick up game.
The subconscious question of “phone, wallet, keys” every time I leave the house and do a left right back pat on my pants pockets.
Never been to Canada, but I think of a lot of forests and mountains first and then of maple syrup!
"In my restless dreams, I see that town."
100% tiger   special edition cat lol
Had a little lamb
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-)  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  **This includes parenthetical expressions at the end of the question - combine these into the question itself.**  * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Questions must end with a question mark.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/rdvy5a/what_is_a_bad_or_stupid_xmas_gift_you_can_give/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
WTF even is a villa?
"The wind is howling"
I hate to sound super depressing here, but it’s my life and i’ve accepted it now. This is probably gonna be long.  My mom died when i was 8. She had gone partying with a new group of friends. They had smoked weed, and drank a lot of alcohol. They decided to go on an ATV ride around 2-3 in the morning. The guy driving was nearly blackout drunk and wanted to impress my mom, so he was going around 50-60 on a gravel road. When a sharp corner came there was only one outcome.  I don’t know the extent of her injuries but i know that she had hit a tree mid air and i believe she was dead on scene. It really sucked because the night it happened, i remember crying and pulling on her jacket for her not to leave… She had done this so many times before but i just had to throw a tantrum. She definitely was an alcoholic, and definitely wasn’t a perfect mother, but she was perfect in my eyes, because i didn’t understand any of those things when i was little.  Her funeral sucked. A lot. I was completely numb. As a child, it was hard to process such a catastrophic event especially without grieving properly… I didn’t even cry at her funeral. It makes me feel terrible to this day. I remember it so clearly yet i’ve forgotten her voice.  Her funeral was also the day i met my dad. You see, my dad left my mom when i was 9 months old because they were having issues and her dad had threatened him in the woods. Mind you, this is in the STICKS. Anyways, I met my dad, his girlfriend had come with. My new mom. I remember him giving me a pink teddy bear, which i creatively named sprinkles. I don’t remember much after that.  This affected me in a lot of ways. First of all, my two sisters and i had to go through a court process of where we were going to be placed. In the meantime we stayed at our great aunt and uncles’. It didn’t last long. My oldest sister wanted to live with our moms friend, but ended up in a group home. Our middle sister met her dad for the first time as well, and liked him until he started becoming mentally abusive. I stayed with my aunt and uncle, who actually had a really nice place.  And then my dad got custody. Supposedly, my aunt has hissed at my dad in the courtroom “you’re not taking her”, which isn’t a good start to keeping my connection to my family. I now no longer have my sisters. Except the new baby my dad just had. I moved back with them 6 hours south, in wisconsin. Naturally, my dad was also an alcoholic with severe mental issues. He didn’t like any of my family “up north” except my grandma. Which meant i would go multiple years without seeing them on account of something i had done… like bad grades, or lying. Did i mention my dad was a marine? My dad is a huge guy. at one point 300lbs. He’s scary. And he yells, very loud. You see, as I got older I don’t think we ever had a good relationship. I was a very depressed child. My dad reminded me countless times of how i would walk alone at recess along the fence… repeatedly. He would use it against me, like it was weird. Anything i did was nitpicked, if i didn’t make my bed i was a pig, if i would try to put on makeup, i was doing it for attention, but the reality was, I was fucked up. His onslaught of “marine corps” parenting, misogyny, narcissism, made itself more apparent the older and more defiant i got. Until i turned 18.  I had met a guy, my current boyfriend. It was the end of homecoming week, so we were let out of school early. I decided to go with him to get little caesar’s and eat it at his house (the rest is well, you know, i was a teenager). The thing is, i usually take the bus. Which i thought would be easily solved by him dropping me off directly behind the bus stop so i could walk with my siblings up a block to our house. My dad did NOT like that. He stated that clearly, by obviously yelling and taking my phone. That was always his solution. To take my phone. and comb through it. I had learned to just delete social media i actually used. Strict parents really DO make sneaky kids.  Anyways, this, among other reasons, made me decide to move in with my boyfriend when i graduated, well a few months after. My dad had pestered me to either go to college or move out. So i moved out. It really hurt me… especially since my best friend had actually been instigating him by saying my bf was a bad influence, but she was actually mad because i was spending more time with him. I ghosted everyone. Everyone except my family up north. I needed to see them, so i took my boyfriend up north and he met them. This end part has been grossly summarized, as i feel i’ve taken. enough of your time, but i hope you sympathized (or enjoyed) the series of unfortunate events that is my life. I could’ve added more and feel free to ask questions? or give advice. It’s now 3;09 am. goodnight.
Maple syrup
The factory must grow
Avacados
Hollywood only turned on Polanski bc they saw a wave of other women that higher ups there had abused coming forth and they went into panic mode to cover their asses bc the vast majority of important figures in Hollywood are exactly the same as Weinstein or Polanski.
the rock
I'm
Quack
Appreciate it :)  I love writing prompts, especially ones limited in length, and thought this one turned out well!  My thought behind this was, "Imagine a vulnerable person, who has their world flipped upside down"
1963 Plymouth Belvedere
Take the time to breathe, and be thankful for all the people who love you and are supporting the life you're building.  Things will be stressful, something will go wrong, and that's ok.  Just take the time to slow down and be in the moment, even if it's just for a moment.  You'll be surprised by how much you won't remember anyway.
I'll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda
A guest literally ripped the toilet out and left it in the tub… former FDA here.
That's your opinion.
Crikey specifically because of this Qubo show named Pearlie with an Australian fairy.
Uuuuuuuu
Put dispenser here
I honestly want to emigrate to Canada. My wife used to live there for a while, we've been a few times and absolutely love it.  My brother in law lives in the States and it doesn't really appeal to me at all
i woke up.
Damn i do it the wrong way then.
«Everyone, get in heeerree»
Drawing
I have been offered a salary to sit 9-5 in front of a computer and do things
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I got it for like ₹75 so around 1$ on sale a couple years ago. Best money I've spent on a game. Loved every minute of the game. Highly recommended.
this i dont understand:  https://youtu.be/XUlMfILRu74
Sounds like you need a way to deal with me and for that I can’t tell you the solution
Just remember 30 is coming for yoooouuuuuuuuuuuuu
50,000 people used to live here. Now it's a ghost town
Suits. Got way too repetitive. But it was my comfy show.
[BLUE] I see the player you mean.  [GREEN] PLAYERNAME?  [BLUE] Yes. Take care. It has reached a higher level now. It can read our thoughts.  [GREEN] That doesn't matter. It thinks we are part of the game.  [BLUE] I like this player. It played well. It did not give up.  [GREEN] It is reading our thoughts as though they were words on a screen.  [BLUE] That is how it chooses to imagine many things, when it is deep in the dream of a game.  [GREEN] Words make a wonderful interface. Very flexible. And less terrifying than staring at the reality behind the screen.  Etc.
"do you know  the definition, of insanity?!"
Wow! No one yet? "I need a weapon"
Beginners kinda sound funny, but it’s sound is so beautiful when they get good at it
Sounds great, just find me an attorney that can get me custody.
Oh my god
“Get Warabe”
I have the exact same thing.
feed them to my cute friendly hungry wide awake snakes.  why?  my little babies are hungry!
Eh
I would build a great wall, and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me, and I’ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great great wall on our southern border and I’ll have Mexico pay for that wall.
With a super young Alanis Morissette, that’s right. Evidently Red Green wasn’t my first, but it’s still my most ingrained.
actually deserts
Wort wort wort!
I think about this like literally everyday, it's remarkable that such a small line has that much impact, bang up!
Because it’s 6pm on a Saturday and I have no life
Prisoners
DEATH TO THE MPLA
Rat poison.
Same. I have replayed 2 and 3 so much yet I would still buy a PS5 for that
Marriage
Sir, finishing this fight
Not interested.
Shut your duckin face uncle ducker... Your a ...... Uncle ducker, your a uncle ducker yes its true, nobody ducks uncles quite like you...
Well I hope it’s in the past and you’re not still getting threatened, if so, call their bluff and call them out!
Thanks for useful answer!
Boah!
Tacos and the Mexican flag 🇲🇽
What do you mean...
Click your avatar and select settings. It is one of the tabs, easy to find. Just remove the slected options that have you show up in searches and so on.
Honestly, same.
I'm doing my MPharm degree right now. I'm glad you found your niche
All systems, full power! - usually followed by - No way! I don't believe this!
Fax
Bomb has been planted
What's house? I don't know that genre 🤔
Murderers, rapists, thiefs, smugglers, arsonists, wife beaters, and other criminals
"Rebel scum this!"
Still having them. Been out of college -cough- little longer than you.
In regards to Outback, yes we do. It’s a little bit like having a Chinatown in the middle of Beijing but there’s one at least on the Gold Coast. I’ve yet to try it.  I tried the one in Shibuya.
The cake is a lie
I’m colorblind.. so it’s the ..  what color is this? What color is that? It’s unrelenting ..
As gnarly as possible.  (I’m a big tipper tho!  😬)
Skiing looks like fun but we don’t even get snow that much so no chance
Child
I know I can have an abrasive personality. I’m aware and embrace it. I’m at an age where I don’t feel I need to be nice to people who offend me or I just don’t like.  A lot of people do or say horrible things but get away with because they have a “great personality”. Fuck them people!  More to to the OP, my work colleague has an odd personality. I think he’s undiagnosed autistic. Sometimes he really gets to you but it’s hard to point him to the problem that it’s his odd personality.
From least to most awkward...  My partner throwing me on the bed and accidentally bashing my head against the wall in the process.  Farting from a really intense orgasm whilst I was being eaten out.  ...I broke his dick, we spent the rest of the night in A&E   We're still together though :)
You whippersnapper
I was going down on this chick and she farted and immediately grabbed my head, pulled it up, and started kissing me pretending it didn't happen. Like.. dude, I would've just gotten up myself and ignored it but you made it totally awkward
Not unless I push myself too far, otherwise I'm fine
What is a man?
Oh, yeah cause only one game has that.
Cartel
Another classic line. Halo 2 was definitely my favorite in the series. It was both a long deep campaign but also devolved many characters, especially SGT Johnson.
It's a cookbook!
Bravo six, going dark.
We went on one date, but he wouldn’t shut up about high school, turns out we went to the same school and didn’t realize. He would constantly refer to it in every conversation. Every day after that date he complained about missing me and when was he going to see me again etc. It felt way too clingy, especially since I made it clear I wasn’t looking for a relationship.  Bonus: he started following my best friend on Instagram (who also went to our school) and kept commenting about our school on her posts. 🤦🏼‍♀️   High school for us was 7 years ago
Good beer and weed. Cool people. Fan-fucking-tastic food and music. And beautiful landscapes.
Its been like four years, and i don’t particularly care, but i do tend to avoid things i was bullied for
Nop Mexican is you first language witch is as far removed from español as Irish is to English!!!😋
Carnival Cruises
Babality
I woke up
Wrex.
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You just don’t chat with them.
It's almost harvesting season
They walk the one mile with all the pretty buildings and then fuck off again.
On his deathbed my grandfather admitted he had a previous family before he married my grandmother and she made him swear to never tell their children about it. She had passed years before and something with how grandfather's will was written meant the abandoned children could have some claim to inheritance so he was warning us about that but given he had the will written that way I get the impression he had carried guilt about it his entire life and needed to "confess".
Grove Street… Home… at least it was before I fucked erry’thang up…
*Metalmucil
Wake up, Mr. Freeman. Wake up, and smell the ashes.
Swing Life Away by Rise Against
> Brigham Young was an American religious leader and politician. He was the second president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1847 until his death in 1877. He founded Salt Lake City and served as the first governor of the Utah Territory.  I have no idea who he is our what book you're referring to.
Same
The beginning of No Country for Old Men, walking through the emptiness and beauty.
My favorite quote in the Citadel!
r/ihadastroke
&#x200B;  few months ago,i would sneak out of the house to go on a walk around town and pay visits to parks there at late nights, just a girl walking around the city with a hoodie, definitely not a drug dealer, i was returning back home, and my dumbass chose to go short cut through a dirth road on the "ghetto" side of the twon, like unfinished roads, trees every where around broken cars, old ass buildings yk the drill it was creepy. asf while i was walking there i came across a dog, i didn't think much of it, thinking it was normal there is a lot of stray dogs in this area after all but, it kept looking at me staying still in his place, i was confused yet thinking he was going to attack me but i stayed  calm thinkinng  &#x200B;  "if i dont react he wont do shit, just stay calm"  that "dog" dead ass made me have shivers like seriously it was fully black and i can barly see its eyes, but i knew he was looking at me , and then my fucking skin craweld, the dog slowly got on its back legs standing just like a human would  do.  thoughts where running in my mind like wtf is he doing or oh shit this might be a skin walker or something, it just KEPT STAYING FUCKING STILL   i kept quite still fucking scared, i then start slowly walking around it and went back to walking and picked up my speed and start walking faster idk what this thing is i dont even know what it will do i become far away enough, i turned around and it fucking disappeared and no sings of it being nothing  i toke another road back home, litreally regereting my choise of going there, never went back to that road/area again
On an island of my own, tanned and related and alone, surrounded by enormous piles of money
How come in Asian cultures they stand and squat on toilets?
He was tight
I was actually super happy when my parents told me they were getting divorced. On the outside I felt like I needed to act sad but on the inside i was like “yesss! Finally!!!!. I was so tired of sitting by my door trying to figure out what they were constantly arguing about. It wasn’t until i met my current girlfriend did I realize how good her relationship is with her family, my family never told jokes or had fun, now as an adult I feel emotionally stunted and unable to express myself
Chemical castration is much quicker and cheaper for the taxpayers
“Powering imagination”
Shake it, baby!
Chew threw my lips, cheeks, and fingers. I know it’s gross, but I can’t stop
Psilocybin
I dated an equestrian once (a person who rides horses).  I have never met an earlier bird.
Maxwell, Trump, Clinton, Prince Andrew, Kevin Spacey and the rest of them... If they played with kids, send em to the can.. As if that would ever happen
He has to take care of his hygiene and physical/mental health.  So if he doesn’t, that’s a huge thing for me.
Cold
morgan friman
“Put remote on dockin station”
I live for the applause, you will die for it
Drinking in a car while it's operating. Full self driving should be achieved well before the decade ends
take them home with me, i am considered a cat lady
Mijo
Tequila
Perfect. Edging can be difficult but with this one trick...
We went to a Japanese restaurant in Hawaii. My son was 3 and couldn't sit still so after ordering we walked around the plaza.  My wife is Asian and has really opened me up to new foods. Back home we would get Udon soup. This restaurant had that, but it also had other dishes with Udon noodles. I ordered one of these.  I returned to the restaurant with my son after about 15 minutes. Our food was there, but they had brought me Udon soup. I complained to my wife, and started to flag down the waitress, but my wife stopped me and insisted that I eat the soup.  After we left and were driving away she told me what happened. They brought out the noodle dish, and my wife told the waitress it was the wrong dish. She said that I had meant to order the soup. Things escalated and she ended up arguing with the manager about it, so they swapped it out. My wife was embarrassed, and we did not go back to that restaurant.
why tf am I like this.
Kill myself
High school sweethearts
Anything under 40 is still young.
"War... War never changes."  "Hey. You're finally awake"
Mexico?
Taco
Target down good work 47
Hoyoyo
This.
Stone Temple Pilots - Plush
My ex...i rather watch scary videos about ghost and creatures...
Ok
I have no clue. How does that even work?
Best answer
"War... War Never Changes..."
I say this as an animal lover with two cats of my own - a firefighter should never risk their life to save an animal, ever.
That still happens bc most higher ups in the film industry are pedophiles and/or sexual predators and are willing to excuse Polanski's actions, if not outright admire what he did. Bunch of ghouls. We saw it with the MeToo movement. We'll see more in time. If only the feds didn't kill Epstein and do a cover up operation to prevent the public from ever finding out who all was in that black book we might have been able to lay this shit to rest.
Who said I’m not?
"Boy"
*You’re too sloww!!*
Zugzug
Any?
"War..."
Bienvenido al lado bandito!
Oh, it wasn't voluntary. The company I work for had a conference there and our rooms were booked at the same hotel they held the conference in. "The Royal Sonesta". I've stayed in a Motel 6 that was nicer and cleaner. No lie.
Well it’s them not you and they could be crazy or lying.  But trying to improve yourself is good anyways so cheers.
Hi there! Your post was removed because it appears to use too many capital letters.  Per [rule 1](/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-), this brings unnecessary attention to the post and is a baiting device.  Please resubmit, but use proper capitalization.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Playing the oboe, I wasn't Mozart but I was pretty good and I know colleges love an oboe
Early in my career. Perhaps at the age of 17? My father was out of town and I was drinking from a bottle of vodka and going down on a girl on the living room couch. I was down there doing my work and I noticed she was really ..."hydrated"... down there, like more than normal...But I was drunk and didn't think anything of it..  I had wiped my chin on my arm a couple times and had both my hands on her thighs and my eyes had been closed for some time before I opened them just far enough to make out there was some sort of markings on my hand! I opened my eyes more and tried to focus my blurry drunk eyes on what it could have possibly been when I noticed a PUDDLE..and I mean PUDDLE of blood was underneath her, all down my arm, all down my chest- of course all over my face.  It looked like a murder scene. She ran into the bathroom and took a shower. I cleaned up the mess as best I could (It wasn't good at all, I was drunk, most of it was flipping the cushions.)
https://youtu.be/vLkBybsH73k  Dave Grohl, Everlong, technically the original version.
it means you can start a cult
It’s what plants crave.
Your momma
Advice to people who want to help the kid:    Do not say ANYTHING to the parents unless you can get the kid out of that situation *right now*   I learned to distrust authority figures because when I asked for help, they made things so much worse. Any time teachers contacted my parents with concerns, *I* would get punished for “wasting the teachers time” or “lying about being abused” or “trying to rip apart this family”   It made me very good at hiding the fact that I was being abused and neglected.
“I gave you all I had.”
You still got to go to university and graduate
Yes. Unfortunately.
Meth
Ditto!
Getting with that person
Cheers love, the cavalry's here!
I'm fine. And the only people who ask me "how are you?" know that I'm not fine, so basically we get in a long conversation about how suicide is not the answer after i say I'm fine.
I loved that part so much I ended up pausing the game to laugh at it. For such a short game it definitely made an impact on everyone who played it.
Need backup!
Come get some
Hell it's about time.
The military
I thought he was found not guilty
supraise
Stop, you're making me hungry
But now there is two of him !
Ah shit, here we go again
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Wank off. Like.. I somehow did nofap for a year and felt the best in my life. Now I fail going over few days big F
Fiber bars
Leroy Jenkins!!!!
something similar happened to me. my mom and father fought a lot so one day while they were having a pretty bad argument in the car my mom suddenly yelled at me to turn off the music on my gameboy advance, so i did… and i just never turned it back on. i even remember the game i was playing (pokemon crystal). to this day i still play a lot of games without any sound on; my switch and 3DS always have the volume turned off and even for PC games i’ll either disable everything or set it very low.  probably not my weirdest habit and not something i consider particularly traumatizing (i was already used to them having those kinds of fights and taking it out on me) but definitely one of the silliest imo.
Brom Stoker’s Dracula
mentally ill
I…you… Just really made something make a LOT of sense!    Going to also get personal and graphic here for a moment but, I have a small vagina and while I do enjoy men who are blessed I would avoid having sex with them if they were TOO blessed.  Getting put in positions where they would try to punch my throat through my vagina would always leave me feeling so cramped up I thought I was broken.  Would have to lay in bed with a heating pad in a fetal position for several hours then take a hot bath just to start feeling normal again.  Like major “lighting butt” (women know) and everything.    I’ve had my cervix and uterus removed and have been terrified to have sex with any man who is above average out of fear that they’ll punch through my vagina and literally start rearranging my guts.  Haha  But uhmmmm…now also I want to know if I’ll still get that false labor feeling now that I am missing parts.  Thanks for inspiring my new bedroom experiment project.  Since we’re sharing awkward sex moments:  mine was having a TV fall on my head.  My ex husband and I were newly dating, I had one of those cheap plastic drawer storage things next to my bed that had my TV on it.  We had moved the bed enough while fucking that it was bumping against that and the TV fell off right onto my head.  …He didn’t stop fucking me and I couldn’t decide if I should laugh, cry or just pretend that there wasn’t a TV where my head should be.  Haha  It was one of those older style TVs that were boxy and had some weight & not like a modern, slim type so it had heft.  He was clearly “in the zone” because he was shocked post nut to see the TV on the bed next to us and more shocked when I said it had fallen on my head.   (Hindsight:  should have been a wailing siren of a red flag).
i want to be a tree!
I’m going to punch you in the neck
Fire in the hole!
Wait, I know you.
Some Chinese actors u probably wouldn't know them
When I wanted to come out I asked my dad how he thought of people in lgbtq. “Well hun, people like that are going to hell” I didn’t come out, now I’m 19, he has dementia and I come out to him every time he asks lol
My lord, these ~~fries~~ **bars of sugar** are unequivocally fucking bussing.
A unbelievable story of a women who was unfaithful,  this terrible story was then published by the church, and we get some free holiday.
I give too much info in conversation. I hate it.
Wololo
Hopefully dead
Elrond’s house in Rivendell.
she needs to be a female.
On my couch
I’m cool with it now that I’m getting some solid return
Mostly living with my abusive father as an only child after my parents divorce really hardened me. My dad was a heartless person during them times and my mom didn't want to take me because I used to lash out with her and the school official which made me end up in special education, after all that's how I was raised my father used to overreact, yell and beat everyday and school and my mom's was the only place we're I can express myself emotionally and that's the only way I knew. Though for my father it's like he never let go of being in prison. At his house I used to have to sleep on a mattress in the same room as him because the other rooms in his house are rented. Now imagine living in the same room as your abusive father!! Absolute hell. I dreaded each day because each day was the same, even going to the grocery store was a treat. I used to have to watch my tone change the way I interact with him to stay on his good side with him EVERYDAY I never ever had I had a sense to output being myself emotionally. A lot of emotional battles and physical battles I went through for what seems like years but the past isn't too far away as I realise it is recent. but now praise be to god I'm with my mom's and it feels like retirement!!! I'm not lashing out anymore compared to me being a kid with her. I don't blame my mom as she was just trying to survive and I made life hard for her and now I just want to make her proud. What disturbs me through this time is I feel broken I and I can't explain it some things inside me aren't right. I wish I could share my story sometimes I wish I had friends but I hate friends because I used to have neighborhood friends that would manipulate me and peer pressure me and treat me like shit you know. I can't trust people. I feel like everyone always judging me and i just can't do nothing right. Fuck all of this
You have told this in reddit earlier
Ten thousand antivaxers on a small island and there's an ebola outbreak.  To get the ebola vaccine, you have to get every vaccine known to man as well.   Time to put up or shut up.
Why are you not?
i feel that
Well.. now you know 2 others..also an instant locker..
Prekrasny
What counts as boring?  Not being outgoing enough?  Not talking too much?  Not partying every once in a while?
"Rise, and shine, Dr. Freeman."
Would you kindly…  Hot take, that moment and the aesthetics of the environments are the only worthwhile things about that entire series.
Don’t expect expect anything from anyone. Look inward. Expect the best from yourself. Raise your standards in regards to how you treat others, since you have no power over how others act.   When you do come across people who are well mannered and reasonable you will appreciate them more for their character.   Once again you can avoid expecting the worse from people when you expect nothing. When you think like this you will be overjoyed when they do right by you, and you won’t be disappointed but rather, informed when/if they you do you dirty. It may hurt a little but it’s out of your hands.
You should feel sorry for your mom.
I second that!
I have a plan
Didn't he just get released a few years ago?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
War. War never changes
Not ressources, nobody is independent of other persons ressources. They need to be independent of their body. Fetuses can't breath, their organs don't work yet, they can't eat and their heart is too weak.
Damn, I usually have to pay extra for a threefer like that
"Build more Ziggurats"   "Create more Moonwells"
No, it cannot
Your health is low, do you have any potions or food?
Not sure we're on the same page on the meaning of "full time"
What's scrolling a banana supposed to mean?
do i really need a "plan" to be alone?
Reasonable.
She said “oh my god, I farted, you must hate me.” I did not hate her and I kept going with a giggle. We laughed about it later.
DETERMINATION
Boah
If they want kids.
But what if I don't even like them or know them??
Seems short sighted, to say the least 😂 I’ve got to be honest, I’m really curious to who it is but I imagine it’s too much of a risk to say..
I am Indian and I can just think of those Punjabi Immigrants
CEOs.
If they say “ima kill me”  You say “im calling for help for you”  They say “holup, you think i was serious”  You “you not serious”?  Thems “nah, just an asshole”  Bluff
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I got jumped by six guys, I wish I could say I put up a good fight but I just ended up with my jaw broken in two places 4 days in hospital, invasive surgery and six months later I was just about able to eat solids again.  I just don't feel safe around groups of other guys to the point where I now carry a knife with me at night
“Out of the damn way!”
I’m afraid you don’t have a choice good sir
Punjabis
Winds howling.
Thats a bit of a modest proposal
"No heroics into Sainte Devota please"
“Heheh, my Blargian Snaglebeast devours your mutant swampfly. Ooh yeah, I bet you didn’t see that one coming.”
CW'S The Flash
What a save!
Life, family, loved ones, my past romantic interests, my ex, the dead and oddly enough I also dream about people that I've never met or have seen IRL.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Some ladies: imma have this dildo, and this vibe, and this egg thingy and oh this one the stimulates the g spot and clit st the same time!  Some guys: I'll try this fake pussy, see how it is.  Hypocritical ladies: Da fuck wrong with you?
[Zaira Wasim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zaira_Wasim) - extraordinarily talented - forced into abrupt retirement at age 18 when Muslim terrorists said her acting was an insult to their religion.  A great loss to the world of an exceptional actress.
We’re going to gather for whisky and cigars tonight
We are not alone... feels and peace to my brothers and sisters.
Oh my god my heart stopped at the comma but I'm glad they were ok!
Or just a hate of long distance.
Roadrash
Enjoy the weekend, I guess
Chapter 20 - All Time Low
Whatever  you do just don't settle know your self worth and what you bring to the table..
Hey it's me Goku!
Only had to ask two people then. Thank God for Mississippi.
When they asked me what my relationship with god was like. (This was for a construction management position)
I want some grandiose and elaborate mausoleum type structure. So that in a few hundred years they go to open it in curiosity. "What distinguished and interesting person was buried here?" And it's just me, a commoner from the Midwest.
Whoa!!!!!!  You are lucky you found out early what a jerk he was. Plus public transportation is just sooooo safe for a woman.
Going to Bourbon Street and using that as your impression of New Orleans is like going to Hollywood boulevard and using that as your impression of LA.
My parents worked constantly when I was younger and would leave me and sister with multiple babysitters. I had attachment issues and would cry if I was separated from my mother. I'm not exactly sure when this happened but my mother did tell me she was stuck for at least half a year in Mexico after having to take me back to Mexico for medical reasons (I was born in the U.S., allowing me the opportunity to be a citizen while she was and still is an immigrant) Well one day, after leaving for work, I start crying non-stop and the babysitter had enough of that and told me if I didn't stop crying, my mother would never come back. After hearing this, I cried even more to the point that I starting vomiting til I had nothing left in my stomach. After that incident, whenever my mother left my sight, I would panic because of the irrational fear that was created by the babysitter and start to cry and vomit. It got to the point where the fear morphed into anxiety and I would cry and vomit whenever I was anxious or nervous. To this day, I still vomit when I'm anxious regardless of the situation. I am 27 now and still have to find ways to control my anxiety without vomiting. It's gotten to the point where I refuse to eat if I know I'm going to be in a situation that will make me anxious/nervous.
r/giraffesdontexist
Tony Stark's house.
WOLOLOOO!
It’s not being nice that’s the problem you just have to set up boundaries and stop taking shit. I’m still nice and treat people with respect but I don’t suffer bullshit anymore
50,000 people used to live here. Now it's a ghost town.
> Ah, but you see, one could trade the palladium for gold and silver  It would be still counted as selling, because barter is a trade operation, no matter what else you will do with gold/silver/whatever.
"Press F to pay respect."
Verry old school: INTRUDER ALERT!
The hell you're talking about? Technical issues aside, it's actually a great game.
How do I do this?
I did spend longer time in my mother's womb until I came out.   Nothing much.
"Hey! Listen!"
Probably
This is for the record. History is written by the victor.  History is filled with liars.  If he lives, and we die, his truth becomes written - and ours is lost.  Shepherd will be a hero, 'cause all you need to change the world is one good lie and a river of blood. He's about to complete the greatest trick a liar ever played on history.  His truth will be the truth.  But only if he lives, and we die. The healthy human mind doesn't wake up in the morning thinking this is its last day on Earth.  But I think that's a luxury, not a curse.  To know you're close to the end is a kind of freedom. Good time to take, inventory. Out-gunned, outnumbered, out of our minds.  On a suicide mission.  But the sand and the rocks here, stained with thousands of years of warfare, they will remember us, for this.  Because out of all our vast array of nightmares, this is the one we choose for ourselves.  We go forward like a breath exhaled from the Earth. With vigor in our hearts and one goal in sight: We. Will. Kill him.
Hey, you, You're finally awake.
My dad gave me a small loan of all the MEATS. ARBIES.
When I was told I wasn't able to come to my grandpa's funeral. Loved the guy so much. It sucked seeing him deteriorating from his dementia and when I was told I couldn't come, I was... you know.
Consistent racially motivated physical abuse by classmates in primary school fucked up my head really bad.
War.  War never changes.
Would you kindly?
Posting group photos as their profile pic, posting them with a celebrity as their profile pic, writing “nobody reads these anyway” instead of writing even a short bio, posting no pic at all, taking a pic in front of a mural of angel wings (no, it’s not unique).
The Clinton's
Actually made me laugh lol nice 😂👌🏼
Kirov reporting.
"it sure is boring around here. I wonder what Ganon's up to"?
"Pillage him. Satanael!"
One time I saw a meteor enter the atmosphere burning green, then explode and keep going, then explode and fracture into pieces before fading away.
School shootings and paid healthcare
I Did the whole 300 workout thing one summer. All muscle and very very little body fat. That summer I found it hilarious to run and fling myself off the back of my friends boat while we were going full speed. No trouble staying afloat. Although I grew up swimming every day if possible. We have lakes, and pools, and ocean in abundance. You can do it!
Mr bungle - goodbye sober day
Momo
Putangina
I loved the book Dark Matter. Pretty interesting story of which certain elements could even be real.
Making a business.
I heard it too. The animation on youtube
My dad burning all my books
Pretty fucked up to do that in a place where you could -as it happened- be seen.
This definitely goes both ways. Just take A quick glance at /r/politics
Team Buddies for the ps1. Me and my brother even play it from time to time but no one knows this masterpiece.
Gonna be honest at the time of seeing it I had a super irrational fear of lightning in general. Seeing it as a ball just taking a stroll scared the ever loving f**k out of me
Nah, that can't be right. Kitchen staff don't take drugs, that wouldn't be safe.
It was me, I never financially recovered.
That’s not a downside to smoking. That is a recurring downside to socialized medicine.
Divorce
I hit a full sized hawk mid-flight with my car going maybe 20 miles an hour. I was rounding a bend on a fairly tight wooded road, and it just came out of nowhere and hit my windshield. It ended up being fine, just sat in a tree looking really pissed. But I feel like not many people hit hawks with cars lol.
The rule of three months wages was a very early and clever marketing campaign by DeBeers, along with the cartel tactic of creating artificial demand, Its not exactly corrupt as no one is being forced to buy mass market jewelry or diamond's.
Cheese
They didn't believe me when I told them that I had caught their GF cheating on them, I had made it no secret from the start that I didn't like her, but I was willing to put up with her because my mate was happy, but then I caught her cheating on him, told him and he cut me off, I only heard from him a couple of years later when they had a child that most certainly was not his, I got a short call of him saying "sorry I should have believed you" then the call ended, I think he was ashamed to say that he was wrong.
Ioseb Jughashvili
Let me tell you that whatever people who judge you over Internet are mostly not worth the thoughts xD
Yo mama
Lucky you that you didn't have to work hard for it.
Id still go to school haha
okay you got me curious now, whats this
Put yourself in social situations
Have you heard of the furby organ?
Yeah, that wasn't even a decision, the guy was trying to go to India.  But nice fake history you got there!
+1 for NOLF. The situation makes me sad.
Masters of Magic. It was Civilization 1, but with magic and fantasy creatures.
Eat spicy food
Yes.  You wouldn’t buy a car without a test drive.
Now leak the Republican database and we can see who owns each side.
Yeah he would have to pay careful attention to centering the letters
Whip my ass with $100 bills
personally i find it ridiculous, what makes a government think they have the right to take personal choices out of the hands of the people, do they think they’re to dumb to look after themselves or what?
> book
Creation of vampires, battle royale games, guided torpedos hypodermic needles, the armoured tank, chocolate milk, the helicopter, the submarine, the modern tattoo needle, the tractor, croquet, the concept of the entrepreneur and a whole lot more.
Thousands of existing species of plants and animals
Agreed!!! I read it twice a year.
Danish, text based game from the 80s.  You played as a privateer, sailing in Skagerak (i think).  Buying cannons, fighting other ships.  Getting loot.  Always losing when facing an 80 cannon royal warship.
Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood by Trevor Noah. Is it a literary masterpiece no, but it’s a masterpiece about teaching you life lessons and making you more empathetic. It teaches you to 1) treat other people how you want to be treated 2) consider that people around the world come from all kinds of situations and 3) we should be more accepting of people and work to end things like racism
Awe that’s lovely! There’s a cat up my street that accepts pats a lot it’s really cute
Bread👍🏻
2005 kiwi here, i think it's good. dont have any intention to smoke/vape myself cause my grandad was killed by lung cancer that developed because of his excessive smoking.
Throw things.
In 1492, he sailed the ocean blue
A bird I killed with a BB gun?  An insect I killed for no reason?
Dumb guys are hot.
Do it.
I can appreciate your view. But I can’t see penny making sense of this situation. I see Seinfeld being more on this topic still not making sense in the end.
Having a loose hair on my face that I can feel but not see. Omg it pisses me right off!
Meatballs and volvo
Kindness is true strength
When in Rome
He is the epitome of the 'gap moe' genre in anime/manga.  ^("Gap Moe' is a term often used in reference to fictional characters to describe when said character does something completely contradictory to what their usual habits/personality/appearance dictates. Usually this contradiction is seen by others as charming or likeable.")
Getting invaded.
Octopus mating off the coast of Oahu
About 15 or so years ago when I was working in retail I was driving to work one early morning around Halloween. I made it to a T-junction and I was about to make a left turn. There was a long driveway in front of me and a mailbox. Right next to the mailbox on a chair was sitting a very, very old wrinkled woman dressed in all black. I mean, she looked ancient and somehow not human like. She gave me a very menacing look as I looked at her while stopping at the sign.   It gave me very creepy vibes and to this day I'm not sure if it was an actual person or Halloween decoration.  I just bailed out of there as fast as I could. I took an alternative route to work the next several days.
A lot of rivers and fries on everything. And so many bridges.
old ps1 days, Wild 9 and a 1v1 fighter that i cant remember the name of but it was the first one i remember where you could move around the fight arena in 3d, the main character has a blatant rip off of a lightsaber but it can grow really long as on of his special moves... also there was a character with yoyo blades... thats all i remember of it but it was a childhood fave
The one team I always root for in the Olympics. How can you not?
Stubbs the Zombie
Our old mayor smoking crack.
Looking people in the eyes
Being upside down. Also inventing Wi-Fi
Cheese on tost and dragons
36
Alcoholism!
r/bethatsocialguy/  It is a subreddit to help men in their life / dating / relationship
Lots of hot air
Sorry for my ignorant question, but what did they even lose?  Germany as an example had to sign the verseier contract resulting that it had to pay of the cost for the damages happened in other countries during the war. The country size was also reduced.
Catching someone having "special" time
Redditors
Since nobody is saying it… big penis.
Knowing the exact right time to do something, like when to leave the office to get home at a certain time, when the steak is perfectly done, or when to look outside to see the neighbor suntanning nude.
This seems easy and good in theory, but most of the times it just turns into a session of asking a bunch of random stuff and getting nowhere, like you're staying on surface level. I don't understand how to make conversations flow. Normal people will ask something and then naturally flow into another thing etc. For me it's more like "oh so you went to school there? Oh and did you enjoy university? Oh and what's your dog's name? Did you see that it's going to rain tomorrow? Cool nice to meet you!"
I didn't
Gunpoint. I'm sure there's a more obscure one I know, but regardless everybody should experience Gunpoint. Clever, hilarious, and short enough to appreciate it within the span of a day.
The Rainbow Fish. Genuinely entertaining, heartwarming, and had direct parallels to my own life. Taught me a lot. Would definitely recommend it.
Wait, what?
I was once camping on a beach in Northern Colombia in the middle of nowhere and once it got dark the water started glowing wherever it was disturbed. My mind was completely blown and as I was travelling light at that point I didn’t have a camera or anyway to document it. I later found out that it was a phenomenon called Bioluminescence algae which I was extremely lucky to witness. It was absolutely spectacular and at the time I genuinely felt like nobody would ever believe me when I told them what I saw. It still blows my mind today even though I now have an explanation!
I’m actually just a union electrician in nyc
Doesnt matter if its in the middle of nowhere
ace of spades, the askoy one.
Bazoongas
Maniac president and brutal drug politics
My co-workers are cute, they give me breakfast, and they're always there for me to hang out with. However they destroy everything they touch and I have to make sure they don't die.
The Poop That Took A Pee by Leopold Butters Stotch
Beetle Buggin
Forgive and forget
Virtual boy 3D jet fighter shooting game
Found a line cook
I feel you with the walk correctly😭 whatever I do, it feels like I’m barely staying upright and I always feel like I’m walking wierd
You're welcome!
In the US, smoking kills 480,000 people each year on average vs 95,000 from alcohol.
The Road by Cormac McCarthy. A narrative like no other.
the gift of fear by gavin de becker
Yup
I wake up every day believing that today is going to be better than yesterday
Mein Kampf. Hitler was right.
40 winks!
Height.
For something that you can say "remember no preorders"
Heaven forbid a man gets his feelings hurt…
Born with it.
Forced into socialising
hearthstone, reddit, and league of legends
Video game: Donna Burke - [Heavens Divide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDajkN_GBC4) (Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker)
Not go to the bathroom
I waited until she had a new subscriber deal too. 3 bucks and I was out a month later. Regret nothing.
I am going to purchase a sailboat to live and travel on full time. Meet people and explore the globe. Maybe even meet someone along the way. I am 41 and thirsty for the feedom to live my life.
Lighthouse. I played this on the 90's on my boyfriend's PC and LOVED IT. Super spooky imagery and fun puzzles to solve, kind of along the lines of Myst.
This goes for every man, doesnt matter if fm or mm relationships
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The Queen.
Why are they letting 14 year olds smoke lmfao  Edit: Reread it
That sounds amazing. Considering I’m a Chemical Compounder and still poor, I’ll be thinking about a career switch.  Is Waffle House a good place to start?
Steve Irwin. Also everything trying to kill you
Purely money baby
No More Mr. Nice Guy - Robert Glover  Book changed my life
Reposting this question so often
Drop dead immediately after getting stabbed in the guts.
Manic Pixie is the male equivalent of Dream Girl, like the goblin line cooking of chaos
From a technical standpoint? He’s really good at making beats.
Now get trumps for a full set.
Darkest of days
My house
Mount Everest, Lord Buddha, Corruption and poverty
Sleep
Cuckoldry.
Except your only motive for wanting other vaccinated is for YOUR protection. You don't really care about the person that won't get vaccinated. And you don't care what the long term effects of this vaccine could be. They aren't gonna release the data for 75 years. But you keep believing the all loving pharmaceutical companies about it all being safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective safe and effective
Assuming it's $300M after tax:  $100M in Bitcoin (bought over the next 18 months); $100M in stable coin USDC bought immediately and deployed in DeFi (10%APR); $50M in various real estate acquisitions, and $50M to be used for philanthropic purposes.
Elon musk
I’m from Scotland, so pretty much everything.
Sigh* finding out what p*rn is
Seattle?
You guys should take away his computer
Male: Neil Patrick Harris Reason: Duh! Female: Alizee Reason: Not a clue. I was about 7 when I first saw her music Video “Moi Lolita”, and have been besotted ever since. I’m 32 now.
Thanks for the kind words of encouragement! Have a great day pal. Wherever you are! 🔱
It's absurdist and very informal. You're not going to find a bunch of fart jokes or anything.
Against British
Frank
I am currently reading it and I totally agree.
Hire a lawyer
Silly comment: I have a strong suspicion that most smokers don't even trim thir armpit hair or pubes.
Hang on there. Don't give up. You will make it)
Probably wit. At least I hope so, I can’t think of much else.
Fish and Chips and Sucking Dicks, welcome to the United Kingdom!
buying a submarine and live in singapore.
Bank it.
I'm three months late, but whatever  The posts are usually pretty funny  Comments range from cool to unhidden, unashamed hatred for people who fit even a tiny bit into the subject of the publication (like yesterday, under one post I called out some members on their open misandry, and I was somehow the one in the wrong. While they were borderline insulting the entirety of men just because of a few pigs). As a proud, pan dude, it hurts my soul a little bit
Every single shotgun willy album
I wanna sleep
Movies: Porco Rosso  Treasure planet  Games: Nier Automata  God Eater
Colin McRae rally 2004 on ps2
Winning World Wars 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Goddamnit, take my upvote XDDDDD
Gregory Horror Show. (Although it has since been picked up by popular youtubers. Very few people have heard of it, let alone played it irl.)
I'm not feelin you
interesting! can you explain why?
Inept government and open borders.
Ummm, thanks but no thanks. I am not letting strangers into my house.    I have every confidence in myself that I can mess up my own life very successfully all by myself also. I do not need help. My past experience proves my point !    As for food, I can cook and clean the dishes just fine ! Unless they are sending people to clean the outside the windows, it is a NO !   I do not want to cry those tears anymore, it hurts too much ! I find it difficult to let go of things.  I think I am attachment dysfunctional or something.    Yes, I like breakfast for sure ! I will make some bacon, hashbrowns and eggs with some tea ! And I am NOT gonna share it with some strangers !    Soo I guess I will get my defenses ready to push away these awful people.
Anything by Michael fucking-bland-as-fuck Buble.   PS Yes, I know there should be an accent above the e and it would be quicker doing that than typing this sentence, but fuck it, and him.
I'm not a US citizen, and having lived in it for 2 years, I'd say one thing: you are just ungrateful. Try living elsewhere in the world and then complaining
With the delete button
Ketchup and eggs
That guy that said shrimp on the barbie.
Can I get the first episode (aug 2 1998)? Uncensored
Got a crush on an amateur comedian right now so that checks out!
Use a can opener. I’m left-handed.
he looks annoying to have at parties
Muh freedumbs
That she stays on her own fucking side of the bed!!
I read that as Peter Davison - the fifth Doctor Who
Always a little stone in their shoes,or every time really every time they touch anything made out of wood,no matter how good it was produced they will get a splinter stuck in their hand
This just sent me back! I used to play this game ALL the time
Me either! I can do two puffs and then I get stuck? No more air will come out!
No, I get that. I just wonder if there are exceptional women who assume they'll be in the 3 out of 4 who aren't.
So you can have unsafe sex before you are 14?
Lol precisely. Guys will jump through hoops to convince themselves that them not getting laid is because of something they can't help, but there are ugly, short dudes being loved by the families they've created, and having sex everywhere.   Sorry, dudes. Work on your self-confidence first, the more sure you are of yourself, the easier you'll find to be funny and approachable. It's not unattainable, it just takes a bit of reflection and work. And humility, I guess.
Tigers. Calm, silent, but strong
It's more about preventing people from choosing to do what they want. Don't try and distract from the fact that your government is doing some nanny bitch ass bullshit and you're pretending like it's cool. Like Jesus Christ, let your people have some autonomy. Fucking disgrace to the concept of personal freedom that is prevalent in the western world.
At least we have our infrastructure? Amiright?
My husband's second language is English and he still pauses in the midst of this figure of speech to double check mentally.  That and mixing up 'cast' and 'cask'. The first time he relayed to me the story of him breaking an arm in his teens was humorous.
Trump
Osteonecrosis of the maxilla, caused by an orthognathic surgery on a young patient with cleft lip and palate. Patient was at the end of a very long orthodontic treatment plan, only to now need all of their upper teeth removed, dead bone removed etc and a future of multiple bone grafts and dental implants. Went home and cried. Very rare complication, most dental professionals will go their entire career without seeing this in person.
Why not? It is the Frontpage of the internet after all
Fuck off with that bullshit. You know that's not true. Don't bother replying, I'm blocking you because you're absolutely annoying and incredibly dense
Maple syrup
Well I did anyways cause the internet is a sad world ruled over by people that cry over a joke.
Arctic Adventure Lode Runner Superbrothers Sword and Sworcery
Movie: Spirited Away Video Game: Hollow Knight
Believe in the ball and throw yourself!
Wow, you guys are very anti social
Amber, basketball
I wouldn’t want that. I’m so bound to my routines and work is such a blessing tbh. Life is too easy otherwise. It helps a lot of people go out during the day and be social.
If only. I apparently snore like a 'freight train and a mack trucks evil spawn'. My mom confirmed this when I went on vacation with her a few years ago.
Drive.
Me, probably an incest but dad, a roo (kangaroo). That was a big one
Altruism in the case of disease is often counterintuitive. If I’ve triggered you because you yourself are not fit, I’d suggest putting the books down and hitting the pavement. Fat people are also aesthetically gross.
Most men have curved penis don't try to straight it out.
Rain and coffee
Lord of Light by Roger Zelazy, and The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe
no just so many anti-biotics the bacteria commonly found in your digestive tract was attacked by her immune system
Shrimps on the barbie, Kangaroos, Steve Irwin
Whistle
Iron Bru, Haggis, Kilts, tossing Cabers, drinking, junkies, orange hair, Bagpipes, shouting FREEDOM, fried Mar.. everything.
Kangaroos, they run off while you’re near them in the bush but on the road they’re like hey pal
Kevin the alien. Blue and obsessed with socks
I was gonna say Jacinda Arden.  Big time responsible mommy vibes.  Feel like she’d take care of you lol.
Kangaroo - he was fine, my car was not
6 months
Absolutely agree with you!
I get that the book may have a lot of good qualities and be one of the defining books of the genre, but the ending is just atrocious.
How unprofessional. A good radio host would turn that into a joke or have a conversation about it.
that is ethiopia right
Not doing at my best at the greatest opportunities that once I had.
I feel this! I don’t have a problem talking to people. I do have a problem thinking of stuff to talk about. I think it’s cause I don’t care enough to come up with small talk most of the time so when I’m in a position where I need to or should do it, I’m left  going well, so, you’re blonde. What’s that like?”
Håkan Hellström - Gårdakvarnar
Oktoberfest
Jurassic park
I haate the smell of it, sounds nice
I can't whistle by exhaling, but by inhaling, I can whistle loud as all hell.
I'm a teetoller, I would be critical of it if it was alcohol and I am critical of it when it comes to weed. This I think is good. I don't know of any smoker that enjoy it, and I can't imagine the black marked for smokes being that lucrative.
I look like I work out even though I really only do like physical therapy excerize at this point. I guess I didn't really gain weight after stopping sports because I cut back how much I ate. On the outside I still look pretty athletic, but like my spine is super fucked up and apparently can't be fixed. I guess I also try to stay hungry cause hunger is supposedly a more basic instinct than feeling pain, so when you are starving you don't notice pain as much.
It was actually the army, they got lost in the mountains and were suddenly in the middle of Liechtenstein. Liechtenstein responded by offering them drinks.
Connections! With David Burke Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? Around the world in 80 days Hodj 'n' Podj The Yukon Trail
r/hurricanes
Just like my STD
> 1984  > Brave New World  If you liked both of these, I suggest you try the lesser known Russian novel that inspired them both: *We* by Yevgeny Zamyatin. In reviewing Huxley's book, Orwell said *Brave New World* ‘must be partly derived from [*We*]’. Now read *We* and tell me Orwell's not an enormous hypocrite! The parallels with *Nineteen Eighty-Four* are extraordinary.
SCP:Containment Breach
Order pizza over the phone. I have no problem doing it in person (although I don’t like it), but I just can’t on the phone
Pronounce queer 🤷🏻‍♀️
VANILLA! And I don’t mean sex, I’m talking about the actual spice lmaoo   That or lemurs. Or being asked “oh so it’s a real country? I thought it was a movie.”
I'm accustomed to this taste, bring it on satan
Shadowgate
I feel that there's gonna be a black market for cigarettes booming after this.
Heroes of the Pacific, Secret Weapons Over Normandy, Medal of Honor Rising Sun, COD II Big Red One, COD Finest Hour, Star Wars BF I & II
When I used to support the lgbt community and black people. So many wasted years as an NPC.
I think it was a combination of that and it being sick with something, an owl out during the day isn't normal.
Embarrassingly,I just realised that npc means non playable character
He has Asperger's according to his dad. I had told them many times we can take him to a therapist as I have seen much worst kids than him who don't show any of those issues as they grew up, but his dad never takes him (which is very suspicious). He used to volunteer at a cafe when he was in school, so I don't think he has the 'shyness' his dad states he has and I have never seen it when we are in social groups, he is much less shy than me actually. And in the job he would have applied for, you could state your disability and they will put you in a position where it suits you best. He had applied for benefits and it was rejected as they found him fit to work several years back. There is a lot of laziness, you need to keep pushing him to even clean his room and then also he won't. His dad raised him himself since he was born, and did everything for him, and still cooks his dinner and knocks on his door, if dad is at work he doesn't even make anything himself and eat!
One time a girl replied "I live too far away." My reaction was to ask "What do you mean?" The way I said it though makes me wonder if she thought I was going to get angry. Well anyways the city she lived in was a 30 minute drive without traffic. Doable for me but I didnt press it further. Just said goodnight and left.
Compuglobalhypermeganet
Skype
Potatoes
We had to read it in university. Holy fuck I hated it.
Though there is plenty "made in Taiwan".....
School shootings and fast food, mostly.
Hi Everybody!
Herdy Gerdy.
End of watch.  Obviously. I think any man cried to that movie.   Fury. When bible preaches Isaiah 6:8.  He tears up before saying “Send me.”   He knew he was gonna die with the team, but he knew hed make it a righteous death.    And the pianist. Fucking great movie.
Reading this generic bullshit in reddit
I never said I liked ASOFAI either though….  I have read TLOTR books. Sorry for having a different opinion than you. You don’t have to take it personally.
Pasta
I'm glad someone brought up the movie aspect. To some people, that's their only exposure to some ethnicities.
drop groceries just because they heard sth mildly unexpected.
Don’t put on a role for me. You don’t need to act or put on a show to boost my manliness. I’d much rather be present with you and if whatever we’re doing isn’t doing it for you, lets play around and find something thats better. Sex doesnt need to be that serious, it can be, but it doesn’t need to be. It’s not a show, it can be fun and it can be a whole lot of things. Now if it feels great to you thats awesome, but I can pretty much tell when youre putting on a show and it just feels strange abd awkward to think youre there with me acting, basically lying to me about what youre going through. Its so hard to lie to somebody during such a personal connection. And if you’re not willing to connect on that level that you’d be honest and open to me, i dunno, maybe don’t have sex with me? Now if we have a honest connection, we might be getting into some really amazing territory and you might be willing to let me know what you want and what hurts and what feels great and a lot of the walls of having to know exactly what the other person wants straight off the bat will come down.   Its strange how ”sexy” is often somebody mysterious with possibly a dissociated thousand yard stare. Somebody who is non communicative at least at first glance. Lets make ”sexy” about communication and throw out the taboo where somebody needs to know exactly what you like without a word being spoken. Now that doesnt mean it won’t happen. Communication happens on so many levels all at once. But lets start with communicating more and work our way to nonlingual
Stuntman on PS2. You did all the driving stunts for a movie. That game was fuckin great but I’ve never met anyone who played it.
Dont be a dead fish. Participate. From my experience girls tend to stop doing anything in bed as soon as they say yes. Its like doing it with a doll.
Ezekiel 25:17.
Double Dragon
"Every day is a good time to come over and watch the game with friends and family hustle and flow of energy is the energy to electrical and I will be there in about an hour or so ago.".
Are you alien
A stollen (half)island.
I forgot to dump
It takes me 2minutes to figure out the time on an analog clock. My mum always gives me shit for it. 😕
Blood Meridian is a very challenging read. Lot of points where I had to go back over stuff to actually understand it - once you do understand it, though, it's a masterpiece.
End a phone call without saying goodbye. You pull that shit in real life you’re gonna hear about it later fo sho
I listened to it.  It was very discouraging how it was mishandled and how they could have prevented a lot more bad from happening had the police followed procedure.
Have you tried just boiling it shorter?
PUBG MOBILE
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bible
'No listening to music with an ear headphone.'  Music is calming and my boss would let me listen as I got working through the day. I know it depends on place to place or what job you're doing where you're working, but hopefully more will be willing to lighten up that rule and let people find a small outlet to the hours and hours we have to give to the stress of the workplace.
He’s seen some shit
Adiboo.
G Police on ps1
I've seen a lot of great tips in this comment section. I like to believe that the fastest way to delete a post, is to simply click "delete"
Same, got my copy signed by the man himself when he was still alive and touring. I've read most of his works - Martian Chronicles was a close second.
Longest female led government  Edit: she's the prime minister btw
Where is this from?
Disslikea?  And one of the best evil laughs in movies.
Offer coffee.
Hello There
I grew up in a low socioeconomic area and was one of the few white people in the area. I was targeted and our house was broken into quite a few times. That’s what started it. Then as I grew and got further education I realised that it’s low socioeconomic status that causes crime in anyone, any colour, unfortunate enough to be in this circumstance. And that the economic inequality was driven by white people.
We have the n word in our name.
Finally get a car, move out of my crappy apartment, move my mom into another house so I can finally be free, get a dog finally! Be happy...finally. Stress free, I've had the same stress since I was 15, I grew up too fast, and as an adult I've been in and out of therapy for it. I just finally wanted to get the things I need, and finally...FINALLY be happy. And after that? Help my equally stressed out friend repair both cars he can't even use, and his dads car, and pay their rent and bills too.
Sales
First country to legalise gay marriage
Eh, rothfuss rambles and goes no where and is really just playing to young boy fantasy’s litterally every woman has to fall in love with the main character, it reaches almost satirical proportions as he loses his virginity to a fairy Queen. It’s prose is commendable but the plot and characters are just bad…
[I agree, too many cops think they are tough guys in a damn movie.](https://www.kark.com/news/working4you/arkansas-state-police-settle-pit-maneuver-lawsuit-which-injured-pregnant-woman/) problem is, when lawsuits like this are settled it's the tax payers who pay it, instead of the cop own bank or his pension, which I find utterly absurd. Bruce Willis you are not, calm down officer.
I dont
Bruh aint no 7/11 clerk gonna be checking a 24 year olds id in 10 years
not funny and not ok to say
Doesn't have to be personal. Sometimes I'll have spontaneously a huge fit of anxiety and will cancel super last second and feel too bad about it to reach out again. Also there can be an uncomfortable perception of debt, like because I cancelled last time I owe him now. That makes for a really awkward date so I learned not to try again if I had to cancel like that.   Doesn't happen every time and personally I do cancel and try to explain, but I know for some people the anxiety about the other person's reaction is so bad they rather block and delete everything and try to forget about it. Sucks, but I wouldn't take it personal if this happens to you. It says a lot more about the person doing this than it does about you usually.
People driving through roundabouts without causing traffic jam.
Sure
You're a hero in my book. I hope you get a quiet retirement one day.
Monster Bash
Vincent Van Gogh
I never knew she had a Dom
I grew up as a child being taken to kkk meetings etc. I'm fortunate that I found issue in it even then.I did have to unlearn some internal srlf hate dating my biracial ex bc growing up the only thing regarded lower than poc was white women who"race traded" I feel for the brainwashed people who have to deal with it being an unpopular sentiment to not be racist like all the people around you. I've just turned 20 this stuff still happens.
Lived in Mirdif, close to Sharjah, but of course no one has heard of either of thenm outside the the UAE lol
It depends on the circumstances. But I require anyone living with me to work 8 hours 5 days a week, unless they have a diagnosed disability. Even then, they have to do what they can do. Some of that time is devoted to the house and/or yard, some of it to dedicated job searches, and some can be time spent volunteering with charities. They also have to do their share of cooking, dishes, etc., on top of that, just like those of us who work at a paying job does.  I've had extended family live with me. Sometimes they have stayed for extended periods. Sometimes, they have decided to leave after a few months.
I liked the multiplayer more than counter strike even. The gameplay wasn’t as robust, but as a casual gamer it was a lot more fun. Partly because I wasn’t very serious about it, but it felt like counter strike was 90% elite360noscopegankers and 10% people who didn’t know how to use a mouse. It was tough to find matches that were tough enough to not be boring steamrolls but not so crazy that you’d die in 4 seconds every time by some Mountain Dewlord flinging a knife from a mile away. America’s Army had a lot more middle of the road matches.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) :  * **Threads that limit the number of words are not allowed**, because they tend to limit discussion by requiring few words.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. You will need to rephrase and resubmit your question.  Thank you.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Bingó.
My mate and I were once playing guitar under some trees at school and he went to the bathroom and since we were young I stole his spot to be an annoying child and when he got back, he took my old spot and not 5 seconds after he sat down, a bird shat on his hand and into the hole in the guitar. lmao. He was so mad, I should have been the one to get shat on.
"All bubble-blowing babies will be beaten senseless by every able-bodied patron in the bar."
You can earn 100K in the trades without a college degree. You won’t be able earning 50$/hr out of the gate but you can step directly into fields that NEED you. I can’t speak to specific regions other than the west coast.  I truly believe the skilled trade shortage we currently find ourselves is a direct cause of telling every kid that in order to succeed a college degree is necessary.   My experience is in the US so I apologize for speaking for the entire world.
Ohana means family.
I can’t remember the name, but it was a PS1 Japanese simulator game that I randomly picked up. What I can remember was that players could take part in duels or something, player and npc alike dragged items behind them and players could go to bathhouses, and the game setting was a feudal japan like setting. It’s definitely a life-simulator game.
The Classic Comic was excellent!  I'm not sure a longer-length version is worth the trouble, though. The Count is a vengeful prick.
Really? The only significant thing he did was the AHA, which was watered down from Mitt Romney’s policy, and he and the DLC completely wasted their supermajority, for a “same old bullshit” policy. Sure, he sounded all progressive, but he didn’t do anything, and even his speeches were pretty content-free.
I can't tell if milk is bad and I have an iffy time with meat. I have a good sense of smell, but for some reason I just can't tell when milk is spoiling. My dad has the same problem. The milk went bad early once when I was in high-school and I drank it for a few days without noticing. It tasted off but not noticeably terrible. Milk tastes weird. My mom noticed and asked if we'd noticed.
It's awesome, dude - amazing country with a glorious history.
Tiny Tank on the PS2
Start a conversation one place, then continue it some place else, before ending it in a whole other place. Scene: Living Room. "Joe I have to tell you something." Next scene: Walking down the street with coats and gloves on. It's snowing. "And I don't know how to say it." Next scene: In the grocery store picking up groceries, "I'm hoping you'll understand."
Your wife is not going to be pleased…
Vincent Van Gogh
Gonna sleep soon
“Hello there.”
You'll enjoy this clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GJ9V-195Hk
I was watching my brother’s Little League game in the mid-1960s, when a kid popped up a foul ball that flew up over the backstop and out of the park.  Everyone in the stands turned to to watch it, and it landed in the back seat of a red convertible that happened to be driving by right then.  The car was driven by an oblivious lady with a huge beehive hairdo, and she just kept on driving by.  About a hundred people went “Did you see that!?”
"I guess it really was a Shawshank Redemption"
Obviously... unless you have a DeLorean with a flux capacitor
July :-)
World war and cars
If you're not vaccinated, evolutionary biology will visit you soon enough.
u aint born with those bones, u gotta cultivate em  but there are other things u can do that similarly imprint a piece of your self on the world in a positive way, not everyone has to be a creative type
Being mistaken as a part of China
I believe in past lives, because reincarnation makes sense to me. I couldn’t argue it to another, it just makes sense to me.
I wonder what country that could be
Oh :( well that sucks. Sorry for making assumptions.
Graduating at the bottom of my high school class, no college. Self study computers.
Thanks for participating. XD
Watching cod black ops 1 videos in 2011
You couldn’t be more wrong. Do you seriously think there are no underfunded school districts in the United States? There are children that can’t even get books that are up-to-date and you think teachers have supplies? You might want to get out and volunteer a little to learn what really happens. Volunteers can make a big difference in the life of a child.
Bro it's too late
Whistle.
Ikr right, it's just become ok, *desired* even, to just be a complete asshole to most people around you, it's my main reason I wish i could just live in the past, when it wasn't acceptable to just publicly harras, vandalize, and pester.
Watching F1 this afternoon.
Beat England (2021)
I’m banned from everything else.
Any serious answer
When I was younger, there was a beaver living on the golf course near my house.   Nobody EVER believed me but I saw it, more than once, on the side of the road. The shape was always way too wrong to be any of the normal local wildlife, and we ARE technically in a river valley, but I was baffled as to what it was until one day I actually saw it whapping the ground with its tail. STILL, NO ONE BELIEVED ME. My mother driving past apparently just never saw it even with me pointing it out.   I suspect the golf course eventually drove it out , because a beaver tryna fuck around in your water hazard is not the kind of feature you want.
You can do it!   30 minute workouts everday, portion control, stress management, etc.   It's very much possible.
Driving to the gym very early in the morning. This was in a hilly and forestry area. I come around the corner over a crest and a man is standing in the middle of the road at the bottom of the hill. I slowed to go around him but as I got in line with him he turned to face me, lurched at my car, and screamed. I was scared shitless as a young female and sped up as fast as I could to get away.
And if you're asking questions and not listening to answers because you're beating yourself up internally, then I'm sorry to tell you but you DO have a lack of social skills.
Maple syrup
Work out
Never whistle while you're pissing.
Yea and I love how muricans keep this narration STILL THE ONLY, Kekw, murica is one of the best nations in making perfect propaganda. None of them cares to understand that people from many countries were involved and it wouldn't be possible without them. But of course Murica the bestest yeeehaaaw
No anal sex for you
Every time they go grocery shopping in movies, they come back with only like 1-2 brown paper bags and they ALWAYS have a baguette and lettuce/ celery sticking out of the top.
Why? Because you win the game by distracting him?
For me, it was a cow. It was dark and raining hard. I suddenly saw an eyeball and said "shit".  cracked front bumper, dented driver side fender, ripped my mirror off, and bent the steel frame of my door where the mirror was connected.
Nope. I grew up to jokes like:  Q: Have you ever tasted Ethiopian food?  A: Neither have they.
Probly put washing away
Strikes and wine
I’m a little bit crankier and less patient and tolerant. Working full time as a nurse and it’s been tough.
Totally agree
Barely finished highschool and took a chance working straight away, took some chances and applied for jobs that I was no where near qualified for, but had knowledge of the subject.  I probably wont progress much further in my company than I currently am, due to not having the relevant degrees, but luckily due to my experience it would take a fair bit to find someone who knows my industry as well as I do with the right degree who would accept what I am being paid.
Nah
I got mowed down by a delivery truck in 2000, got paid, bought a house, still living in it 20 years later.
That being a short guy is somthing that will effect me for the rest of my life so I have to just deal with the negativity I get from it
Taxes, basic labor laws, some marketable skill.
Jesus this is a depressing thread for an average bloke to read, all the comments saying something along the lines of “he’s not very attractive but has a nice fun personality”. If he’s not attractive then I am fucked lmao
empathy
Now this one seems great. You didn't had to clarify that.
wade?
It's currently 5:30 in the morning, and I'm debating whether I want to try to not get enough sleep so I can crash at a good time tomorrow, or just stay up straight through.
Wow. Have your upvote.
Buy Reddit.
0% I'm in the UK. I am assuming its the equivalent of $700m
Inventing electricity
Umm why do you?
Anti vaxers
They do. They kinda do that every time they lose. It's typical of both sides.
Over a text.
I'd probably play Osu!mania a lot more than ever before. I would be able to reach the top 10k pretty quickly.
Since you're so interested in evolution you should read further into the role altruism plays in evolution and the advantages it gives us. It's a broad subject but this is a quick starting point.   https://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/altruism-selfishness-evolution-mathematics-princeton-bath-university-a7148471.html
Beyond Good and Evil
Another bitter dude. Guess what. Somehow short people haven't gone extinct, and it can't be all the short women. There are very short guys out there fucking and making babies and being loved by their spouses and their kids.
Fighting for our independence
Nah, you’re good mate.
Never smoked :)
Best airport in the world and tied for highest average iq
There was a Disney CD-ROM game from my childhood that was super odd. I remember the premise of the game being that the villains were about to win and you had to stop them, but I was a child so  the villains would win every time. I don’t remember a lot but I vividly remember the captain hood/ Peter Pan fight scene being on a ship at night and it was spooky as heck!   This was around the time I played those other dope Disney CD-ROM games like Tarzan Activity Centre 1999.
Chuck Rock on the Sega
Knowing about the Walmart family bunker
Probably make a few large donations to a couple of college programs that really helped me out to make sure that they could have all the money that they’d ever need based on the interest alone and never have to worry about funding again.
Incestry
The word "**Putang ina**"
Japanese were given reparations in the '80s.  Start with the 40 acres and a mule promised to freed black slaves, or its monitory equivalent, and work from there.  You pay your taxes to a government which owes money to the ADOS community, in that sense, yes, some of "your" money would be going towards this debt...instead of the military industrial complex.
Oh interesante, que bueno que te interese el español
4519 upmanship
From what I've read and heard, it's cheaper to get mortgage than to rent. But it certainly depends how long you want to live in the area, because it would suck to get a mortgage on a house somewhere, and want to move within a year.
Break the internet and spend time with your loved ones.
Windmills and drugs😉🤣
Source of the River Nile
Would you rather have 3 arms and no legs or 3 legs with no arms
I flew 5000 miles to see it and it was worth it, and I'll probably do it again in '24 (not '23!)
He is the greatest artist of this generation
There was an educational duck game from the 2000s, it was 3d and it taught young children how gravity and flying worked, I can't remember the name and only me and some of my school friends know what I'm talking about
Enclave. Pretty cool action rpg game.
This is your time to shine
Fuck me if I am wrong but do you wanna fuck?
I struggle to accept that ball lightning is real. Its just seems so "fake". I know it's real but it's just so weird.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zeeland
Ah  I just got wooooshed
Being my friend.
Below the roots.  Old game. Lol.
Not be manipulated and fucked over. Seem to be prone to letting people treat me like shit and still deal with them, and on top of that letting them throw all the burden on me.
An old MSx game I used to play non-stop in the early 90’s about a little guy with a feather on his head. The whole game was basically climbing a tree from branch to branch and dealing with ‘dangers’ such as apples, snakes and owles. Unfortunately dont know the name
Not sure how they cope.  I personally wouldn't move to an area prone to any extreme weather.  I live in southern Ohio and the weather is normally mild.  We occasionally get extreme examples of weather but its once a decade.  I have family in Florida that have been evacuated many times and lost their home 3 times to hurricane since the 1980s.  I have other family out west that's been through tornados.  They send pictures of them and act like it's no big deal at all.    But we nearly lost our home in 94 and 04 due to flooding.  Extreme weather that rarely happens here.  We live in an area that never floods but both years we had 8 feet of water in our basement. My parents lost vehicles and we lost tons of possessions.  It was a mess but we cleaned up and went on with our lives.
Myself.
I can’t whistle. What’s whistling anyway?
Omg! That’s amazing! Thanks for this!
Ooo! I have the “life story” face. I can be sitting quietly, to my self and some how, people I have NEVER met will speak to me, then tell me there life story. I’m mean deep, dark secrets. Things they did to get themselves in jail, how they wish they could curse out bosses, how much they hate whoever, how much they miss a past what/whom ever. Just random things that I don’t know how to respond to. I literally just said “Hi” back. Wtf?
“You guys give up or ya thirsty for more?”
Protests in the eu rise to leave and Russia is accused of teaming with North Korea and China to end the United States and the Western world so everyone gets cocky
Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's bad for everyone. It does have some cool features, but I can't get past the quality.   It reminds me of the mp3s we used to steal from Napster in the 90s. Qobuz, Tidal, Deezer, and Apple all have much better sound.
it is in Romania
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-).  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ren89t/if_your_bigest_strength_became_your_superpower/>).  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Uh, why?
Zone of the Ender's
Fat ppl
Ride a bicycle
Did you fucking read my thoughts?? :D
All the backyard games were incredible. Pablo was the man
I'd recommend checking out Larry Lawton's channel on YouTube. Used to be a major jewel thief in the 80s/90s in the US and eventually got caught and convicted.   His videos are pretty entertaining as he talks about his thought process for robberies and time in jail - there's a great one of him critiquing robberies in GTA. Seems like a pretty chill guy now but more than that, he runs educational programs and support networks for ex-cons trying to turn their lives around.
Creating colored television, cocaine and marijuana
Yeah it starts glowing
Constant anxiety
Or "bdsm it is"
maybe you do it for well you know research?
 A Nintendo Entertainment system in the second grade.
Mint choco on pizza
You're breathtaking!
Spy vs Spy (I played the 2005 version). Got to run around and do mission puzzles to collect all four items to escape, and just battle the other players and prank them by putting banana pills or bear traps everywhere.
We're having cottage pie made with soya mince, lentils, and maybe mushrooms. I would otherwise have been having the whole roast potatoes, yorkshires, stuffing, and a seitan roast "chicken", with accompanying veggies and gravy.
This!
Freedom
K O L O N I S A T I E
Driving through Texas in the middle of the night, the road 'shifts' to the left. I figure I'm falling asleep so I take a deep breath and drink some water. Then it happens again. Figure I'd better pull over and walk around and wake myself up. I pull over everything shifts again. I step out and... crunch.   It was millions of wingless locusts. All would shift a couple inches to the left every 10 to 15 seconds. Felt like the end of the world.
Mulan soundtrack is awesome. I love the song Reflection. Lea Salonga is an amazing singer.
Ha yeah man! I needa lose a couple lbs first! Hopefully one day!
Brothers of Metal has quickly risen to my top spot after just 2 studio albums. Whenever I listen to their music, I want to hop on a longship and raid a Mercia monastery. They have such amazing energy and passion.  It's like a fusion of Ensiferum and Nightwish.
I’ve been working on reanimating Zazu. I just have to work on the background at this point.  https://youtu.be/at2Z-Dwz-n8  Also I’m just in a depressive slump is all. One moment I’m fine and the next I feel like a worthless piece of shit.. it doesn’t help that I woke up in the middle of the night and can’t sleep.
That's awesome, nature in action
That is one big pile of shit…
He’s probably good in bed
That "low deductible" is basically taxes, except higher.
Favorite:  seeing family, lights and music  Dislikes:  rampant consumerism
It's beautiful and a gut punch at the same time
Sinistar
The criteria was "mass shooting".
A mermaid lion
I bet it is just a bunch of lighbulbs testing or some bullshit lol
Watched a fox playing with (killing) a squirrel on  London tube platform in the middle of the day
 No wonder then, a million-to-one chance succeeds nine times out of ten!
I think that is why people have been pushing the over population myth for years now. We are not. We are over consuming.   Its hard to learn from burning your hand when most are like just because it was hot once does not mean its hot now.
Lolz
My thoughts exactly
Being an obnoxious asshole
Our president called the Pope and Obama sons of the bitches.
if i am rich and don't have to work or what ? because if i am rich i would be traveling .. every day in a place .
I'm just about to get off of work, actually. Why don't you eat something?
I got about 200k hands tracked on Pokerstars (only have the 100k icon in the app as well). I've gotten 3 royal flushes in hold'em and 2 on Five Card Draw. So, 5 Royal Flushes in only 200k hands.  I've also seen a royal flush irl playing with friends, drinking and smoking. The person that got it probably has about 300 hands in total played, lol. I don't think she even realized how crazy that was despite us trying to tell her and her boyfriend taking pics, haha. She said: "I'm just happy to win a hand, I did not expect this kind of response. I know it's a good hand but you guys are having more fun with this than I am, which is perfect cus then I can get a beer without holding up the game or anything"   Definitely possible to happen and get lucky. /u/portmanteaunioconte should be happy about this, it just seems impossible to others due to how unlikely it is and people tend to look for answers :p
Ask a pineapple
How do you?
Pothead!
Learning how to play poker.
This one time a guy tried to commit suicide by jumping off a building. While he was up there about 150 members of the neighborhood got together and got him off the roof and to safety. At one point of the rescue the neighborhood started making signs and writing the names of appliances like toaster or lamp on them, and the guy would climb back into his room go find the appliance then climb back out onto the ledge and then wave it around while the whole crowd cheered and applauded like he was doing a show. I have no idea why it took the fire dept to take hours to arrive, I didnt stick around for the entire thing but the guy survived and made the local news. I'll probably never see anything like that again.
Too high?
I'm in my 50s. I've been married half my life. I am uninterested in being cool, and I'm unconcerned if anyone thinks I'm an asshole. I'm not responsible for the feelings of someone who shows romantic interest in me. No one is. And I've learned that men will take that compassion as romantic interest, and everyone else will say, "why did you lead him on, and what did you expect?"
I'm saying that there's been more than a year of research. Not saying it's fully tested. The scientific consensus is that it's safe enough for wide use and effective at reducing death rates,  mutation rates and transmission. Even with the stuff like the risk of blood clots it's more likely if you get Covid.
My best friend for years was really into sports so I just played sports because he liked them, but all my spare time I would spend playing games or watching anime although my friend told me that all the kids that were into the stuff I actually liked were morons, so I believed him but one day I hung out with them and learnt that surrounding yourself with people that you actually like isn’t that bad. Now days this kid has gotten into some sketchy stuff and is in a messed up group although as my name suggests I am a massive nerd and personally I prefer that.
School shootings
Owls especially those from Harry Potter
- bad english  - no humour  - 7 - 1 - Bubatz 👍
Hit my friend with a slice of cheese
Either I was feeling like or she actually "ignored and avoided me" 💁
You may wish to have a long discussion with the mother of your "child"
Don't stand near people smoking then
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
You mean the amplifier cord?
Probably be a vampire staying up all night playing video games and sleeping during the day. Just like my weekends lol
My love won't wait for you
I came twice for **you**
Actually, Bulgaria!! 🤯
I wish I would have kept up with cursive. I was really good at it then they suddenly stopped teaching us and rather then continue it it was simply just left behind.
Carnival
Jesses girl the whole song
Change lives, ruin lives.  Just depends on who gets the long end of the stick or not....
nothing except stevan jovetic and stefan savic
I’m too scared to do a cartwheel, it hurts my wrists. ☹️
Violence, soccer and women with big ass!
What is a spirit animal?
I'll be back😎
No love for Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell? What a beautifully written book. I recently read Piranesi and enjoyed that book a lot as well.
Not when I have to smell you, roach.
Baby-back baby-back ribs!
Close youre only off by a few Kilometers
Sheep, hobbits (may breed with sheep?) large rugby players(Maybe part sheep?) Ummm woollen undergarments?
A pheasant
GBH. The VIllage. Pride and prejudice.
Generic celeb ooooweeee Ima UUUWUUUU!
A real life Alex Jones fan freaking out in public over wearing a mask. It felt fake witnessing someone call us all commies and we need to educate ourselves with infowars and she only follows the word of god. I was waiting for the cameras to come out and someone saying “You were on TV this whole time!”
You most likely won't die if you actually have fat to lose, drink water, and have electrolytes.
Well he does ger his own category.    Saw a cool video where George RR Martin asked him how he writes books so fast. Really  cool seeing those two on the same stage.
What's the highest age for that to still count? We were both fifteen when it happened
Bubsy
Trailer park boys was filmed in my province
r/tworedditorsonecup
one person i know thinks that after smoking cigarettes for 40 years, that the cigarettes are now keeping cancer at bay rather than causing it. they’ve based this on the fact that a lot of their friends or family have gotten cancer or died from it within 5 years of giving up smoking.
You
Third time's a charm 🙂
Stand still, i am always moving, be it just walking, slowly spinning in place, pacing around in a circle, moving my weight from leg to leg, as long as i am standing, i am moving
Hitler. History lies about my boy.
For me, its Dream Aria from Genshin Impact, https://youtu.be/CDHTiOJu0xU
Get it back mate. It's never too late!
That sounds nice, hope you don't get a cold though.   Good luck on your exam!
Trying to conquer the world
Care about the world and countries
I read this in high school and was low-key stoked because i was a nerd for all things medieval era, but the book is actually hilarious as well.
An elk
If today is shit you get a new chance tomorrow.
I have to do and enjoy what's possible
Idiots believe the government
School shootings
If they weren't over eating they'd probably have a nice lean ripped look.
being the richest country even tho a huge amount of the population really isn't that rich and there are alot of homeless and poor people.
Not really a single book but JR.Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings  It brought fantasy to a whole new level and honestly has a fantastic story and world.  I know there’s the movies but the books are better for one small reason:  Tom Bombadil
Denzil
East and west. If you give me 10 seconds, I’ll know, but I always have to think about it, it’s not like left and right
What a lovely memory.
Does he? He's always creeped me out, and it doesn't help that I don't find him funny.
Open eyes, glare at the ceiling, my cat sticks her nose in my face.
Magyarzag
My 70 year old dad was fighting with a burglar. I was like what if he killed were you scared? He just sat a minute said, “Naw, I don’t guess.” like that answered the question.
I’m not a huge reader. I decided to start reading some of the ‘classics’, and The Great Gadsby was one of them. I would never have read it if I knew what it was about, but I genuinely loved it. The description of the curtains on the carpet was so vivid in my mind.  (Side note - I don’t like Baz Luhrmann movies, but he was the perfect director for that)
Java vulnerabilities being leveraged by hackers
Rolo - Sega Mega Drive Tomba! - PlayStation (OG) Adiboo - Windows 95 (??) I was like 6!
It didn’t at all do my worry :)   I’m sorry to hear that, it’s kind of crazy how our past traumas have shaped the things we crave in our adult life. The affection I spoke off likewise would be appreciated in general, not just sexual. Our situations sucked and I’m glad to hear I have some common ground with someone.
Need to be a good prayer
Edit: am the reincarnation of Mr lennon. So I have all the rights to all his songs including  Never gonna give you up  Best of both worlds  Smells like Paul's spirit
i saw a guy get hit by a car, i will never forget the Thunk of his skull hitting asphalt, made me feel physically sick.
Do glasses wearing people not have sex with glasses on?  I want to see what's going on, not just blurry figures
I’m *pretty* sure I’m neurotypical (although I’ve never been tested).. but I analyze things people do, and everything little thing I do, because I’m so afraid any “negative” statement is coming across as the worst possible way.    My experience was definitely unique though. I lost my awesome mother and abusive father at 7, and alone with two toddler siblings were adopted by super religious family l. So they weren’t trying to fuck with my head- they really did believe I’d burn in hell for eternity if [insert random thing here, ie: listen to radio, secular tv & movies, short shorts, etc]
Whats brown sauce? Me texas dude said its fucking amazing
Shadow the Hedgehog.
my hand puppet
Early morning anxiety.
Aww, how cute! You're welcome!
The hell is wrong with you chunkster?
Yes
poverty
Inventing wine, and being where the argonauts went to get the golden fleece
"Fly, you fools!"
E=mc², you can figure out this one
Since I have no tattoos... tubular bells I'd say.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why care what they think, you do you. There’s also tons of people on the internet who’d look down on me for having flings when I was younger. Some guys think that makes a woman not marriage material and all that bs. You're never going to get everyone's approval.
That I can work effectively remotely from anywhere.  Before the pandemic I was bought into the idea that you had to be at HQ to have a career.  I was super wrong about that.  I used to travel 100k miles per year and realized I did a lot of managing from the laptop sitting on my knees in an airport (although I really miss travel). I moved my wife 2000 miles away from family for the job of my dreams, now we can spend the time she needs with family, especially grandchildren.   This has been a life changing event for me.
Everything is funny as long as it's happened to someone else
Yeah idk how you can be addicted to discord. Stop fucking around on discord and play some games or go for a walk
Click on it, then press on delete
I still enjoy it after 30 years, I can retire in 2 more years, but realistically aiming for 5 more years
Are you serious?  I wish someone would explain why people of color think anti-white racism isn't a thing.  I'm not trying to be funny.  I honestly would like to know.
This girl called shadiyah finds me attractive for being mixed race
Anything you wanna get off your chest?  Any recent pieces of yours or other artists you wanna share?
Red jerseys and blue jeans and you're set.
The Angelica cord idk how to spell
Buy groceries… get my dogs groomed and their shots. Get Lucy fixed… my cat seen by the vet… pay off debt… fix the house… god there’s so many things….   But probably finally get some groceries…
Time splitters. Amazing PS2 shooter. Random odd game on PC Icy Tower
Star Wars I just don’t get it. The story is ok and so at the movies but say that in a public setting and get crucified.
Great, now it turned into a meme. Good job tho
What about the third brother?
Braid
Sleep Eat Repeat
Whistle
Blood circulates differently. Pressure drops from the umbilical cord which closes off a pathway that it used to bypass the lungs which in turn causes the one to the lungs to open.
Snake
All and any of his books could go on this list. Such an entertainer
https://www.ripleys.com/weird-news/mangetout/
Ride a bike
Wishful thinking
Chronotrigger, Diablo, Donkey Kong Country, Final Fantasy games
Did you work on it or is it natural?
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in fan. Send help.
Cruel!
You kind of just accept it. Look out for your neighbors, and stay prepared
I already knew about his engineering background and undeniable achievements. Being an engineer requires a basic understanding of the relevant science, but in no way makes one a scientist.  What you seem to be unaware of is his rigid anti-science positions on politicized issues later in life.  > or his qualifications as a scientist  Can you list them? So far you have failed at this.  > You have no idea what you're talking about.  Pot, kettle, blah blah blah.
A Wolf. Just like wolves, I am very protective of my family and those I love.
Sim Ant
Denmark- Dagmar Overby
White boy spicy haha 😆 I think Thai food can beat indian though
Nothing matters and we will die anytime. Do the things you love without hurting others.
touché
Probably Nancy Reagan. Between all of the astrology crap and now finding out she was also Blowjob Betty, she's one weird lady.
Why? What would you be doing? Hmm? Edit: wait is this a joke
>Naturally, I fell asleep.  LOL
Twilight 2000 (1991)  My first ever PC game! It was sort of a role play action game where you had to create upfront in great detail the competences of your squad - even the languages they speak!  Had a lot of fun with it. Set me up later for X-COM and Jagged Alliance - great memories!
Buy my ambulance company a full set of new stretchers. These fucker have been promising us new equipment for ages and the old stretchers are ruining my back.  I just want to work without having back aches
As an artist who likes to work with charcoal:  The sound of charcoal on paper   Make it stop omfg
I used to think i was dumb and incompetent... then the pandemic came, and realized maybe im smarter than i gave myself credit for.
School shootings
Timmy will do it free of charge
Not sure it’s a bargain.   Went to pawn an old pair of turtle beach headphones I had, because I bought new ones. They were in perfect condition, but the Jack would cause feedback if moved alot.  They didn’t let me pawn it because I didn’t have a box for it.  As I’m walking out, a guy asks how much for the headphones, I said what’d you offering. He gave me $20.  Blew it on stupid shit.
Beliefs are personal and I don't really feel like I need validation for them, nor do I feel like I should validate the beliefs of others. If it's not harming people, it's really nobody's business.
Bruh
Lucky you!
Perfect soundtrack when sword, spears, axes and shield clash together
Ah yeah that makes sense.   Oh man I can imagine that being frustrating. I remember that being my priority to have my money or pass ready promptly! Thanks!
Recently found it on an abadonware site but - Afterdark games - from like early 2000s or late 90s. The most memorable games from the collection are the flying toaster, the pacmanesque ripoff of the lawnmower game, and the apartment destroying game. Weirdly specific games that seemingly no one ive met in life has ever heard of or played aside from my mom.
Yep that's the exact reason I put it down. The flow was pretty poor.
Eat. Sleep. Read.  Has anyone taste tested moon dust? Maybe that. A chance to dance around and sing like nobody is watching for the first time ever? Yes. I’d write as well.
They may say yes or no. I had a friend that asked the girl out and he told me from what she said: "When the moment hits right." It's been a few months and the moment hasn't hit right yet.
Oh no you said the thing.
VODKA
Jaromír Jágr
"He's six foot two, doesn't drink, doesn't smoke, and doesn't tell a lie. It's too good to be true."
“If you want to lose weight, just don’t eat”  -my mom
The loyalty must go both ways, otherwise one is taking advantage of the other.
Its the unclebuckle cord
The left lane is for passing only.
Fold laundry neatly
I taught myself how to whistle when I was 11. When I was 13 I got braces for my teeth. After getting braces I had to teach myself to whistle again (yes it can effect your whistling). Four years later when I got my braces off, I couldn't whistle anymore. 11 years later and I still can't whistle that well.
> 6'3"  Bitter.
Cat's Cradle &amp; Mother Might by Kurt Vonnegut.  Cat's Cradle pokes fun at religion, politics, and identity/social constructs in general in the context of the (in this case, literally) cold war. Mother Night is a spy drama revolving around the idea of "You are what you pretend to be, so be careful what you pretend to be". They're both hilarious books.  Reading both back-to-back deconstructed the feeling that my life was supposed to go some sort of way, the little lies I kept telling myself that kept me from not *the* person, but *somebody* I was happy being, and that I had to actively choose who I wanted to be. It also made me more understanding of why people believe what they believe, and, in result, the cruel irony of tribalism. Additionally, it also showed how suffering might often be malicious, but sometimes it can come from human apathy or things literally just turning out that way. "See the cat? See the cradle?"  I feel like all of the things I just said are obvious aphorisms you see online and go "yeah mhm I agree", but seeing it actually play out in a book really puts it in perspective.  I'll admit - you probably have to be the right age for these books to hit (tail end of high school for me), but *my god* did they hit.  My favorite part is the giant penis grave.
Pandemics come, pandemics …. Oh wait.
Outlander for the Mega Drive. You drove a car and got attacked by a motorcycle gang and you had to pull over to get ammo, gas and health to carry on.
Well I wouldnt know for sure to be honest. I just know the main factory is in switzerland and it originated here which makes it swiss chocolate 😌
I can’t sing or dance…expect when I’m in the kitchen. Then I turn into a mediocre chef who also can’t sing or dance
almost exactly the same here! I'm studying to be a director
I have congenital anosmia. I have never ever smelled anything at all, and I never ever will.
I suggest looking into khan academy. It truly helped me
Maple syrup
I'm a down to earth kind of person.
Being fat 😂   USA
That's systemic racism rather than overt racism. Both are bad though.
Post something so unbelievably offensive that your account gets deleted.
Unclebuckle cord
Mattress stores are fronts for the mafia or some kind of shady business dealings. My town has like 4 or 5 mattress stores alone. There's never any cars in the parking lots. Its a small town... and people don't buy new mattresses that often. It just doesn't make sense that so many mattress stores are getting enough business to stay open.
Because they're not whores
How To Be A Complete Bastard.
Film- trainspotting  Game- donkey Kong country
it was fucking awful.. unintentionally
Never post it in the first place  Press delete
“You guys give up or you thirsty for more?”
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
r/changemyview   i guess a lot of people do subscribe to this but i just learned about it recently so, this is to all of my other sheltered internet users
No idea but my boyfriend likes my butt and boobs so there’s that.
Facing street level homelessness, woman I barely knew from work gave me an old van that had been sitting in her driveway for over a year. New battery, tires and distributor cap and it became my home. Was given to her by her mother as an emergency vehicle.
My mom. Actually had a gun to my head after an accident where the drunk ran a red and hit me. He thought I was trying to stop him then he took off after the other cars he hit pulled up. Took like 6 calls before she finally picked up and after telling her she said “ok? I mean we were getting ready to sleep. Did you need something?” The crash happened 10 minutes from their house. My best friend drove an hour to pick me up. That shit hurt.
It'll solve exactly 0 problems and create infinitely more
Rule #2 : double tap.
I dont know how to think
That´s not something you should say to people.
Man idk but it comes with a leash
ahhhhh
You are a lucky person then.
I don't know which questions to ask.
I can’t sleep and when I do I get really disturbing dreams - last nights one was that there was this person who broke into house and I couldn’t get my dad and mum as they wouldn’t listen and I couldn’t scream and he was carrying a knife.   Previously i got kidnapped and tortured and everyone died as well which was *fun*.   I don’t like to go to sleep.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your post was removed as it looks like you're asking a "Would you rather" question!  These types of questions are [not allowed](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) in AskReddit. You may resubmit this question to /r/wouldyourather. Thanks!  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
He gives you 2 scoops of melanoma.
Pop its are what’s cool now
Racism
Different stuff. Prior to the pandemic, I would usually do a couple of shifts per month at the local food bank. The synagogue I belong to also offers a few different volunteer projects per month in which anyone can sign up for. They work with all different organizations. Some of the ones I’ve participated in were natural disaster cleanup, creating art projects for kids with cancer, food delivery to shut ins and the elderly, home repairs for the needy, collecting supplies for animal shelters, preparing meals for a halfway house, etc.
guess country
Sweden: Gang criminality and IKEA
Read more like what? I thought NotW was the best book I've ever read, but I admit I haven't read a ton of fantasy.  I read Mistborn trilogy (excellent), but it wasn't quite as good as KKC imo.  KKC just has so much depth so each time you read it you discover more and more connections. I haven't really gotten that from any other fantasy books even if I've thoroughly enjoyed the reads.
The opioid crisis has zero to do with heroin and fentanyl and everything to do with pharmaceutical companies, doctors, and their immoral practices.   Do you think more people smoke cigarettes or crack?
If it makes you feel any better I can only do ponytails. 😊
Tea.  And on an entirely unrelated note, stealing things from other countries.
„Hello there“
There is no telling when and where you might bump into them in future. Better not risk it.
Fjords
Mount and blade Viking conquest Celtic Spirit
That my family is kind of toxic and I shouldn't break my back to please them
I imagine the pedophiles take the first approach, but they try to maneuver the search toward their unmarked white van, and when the kid gets close enough, he grabs 'em and shoves 'em in.
Saying Cunt on TV
I wouldn't consider MGK an authority on what's good for kids. MGK is openly racist despite having a mixed race kid.
Sleep
Well no I’m pretty sure he’d still be famous from SNL and from acting.
Pay the taxes? Dude, you're rich now, you have to get out of that poor people mindset!
I mean. Yeah.  But comfy tho. I Stan comfy.
Do you love doing it? How long will you keep doing it?
No one seems to remember Hype: The Time Quest, but it was one of my favorite games as a kid.
Kommunisti <3
Of course it is turkey
I have two coworkers who very much think bigfoot is real, neither know that the other believes but the one believes bc he is into stuff like that and the other has had experiences that made him believe.
They did when Trump won.
It's levioosahr, not leviosarrr.
I was on the very edge of one of the zones in arkansas and the winds were really crazy. Sirens were going on and off throughout the night and my cat was nowhere to be found in our house even hours after everything was okay (she was hiding in our towel cabinet and is okay). I'm very grateful to be alive right now and in my unaffected apartment. My heart goes out to those who aren't as fortunate as I am.
That would be so scary waking up to those war sirens knowing it’s legit Mother Nature coming!   Stay safe! Thank you for sharing.
Just that? No more details?
Wow. You went from enjoying to traumatized in between games!
Being invaded, by pretty much every one ever
Yeah I get that, good point. I was just so fragile then and so incredibly hurt i could not get past it. Tried to stay friends after that, it was friendly but not that close, but it just got longer between catch ups until we didn't see each other any more (I did leave that job in the end, HR were toothless).
Probably one of my all-time favorites.  Such great descriptions of the land and the characters.
“No ____, I am your father..”
Honestly just making the most of every day. Some days I workout, eat well and sleep well. Others I just lay on my couch and devour myself in junk food.
Prisoner of War by Michael Spradlin
Ice cream wars
They don't have water lungs
World leaders will try to make it happen when the economy collapses but there won't be enough money to carry it out.
Put all the money in dividend stocks that will net me $15 Mill a year while the 300 mill keeps growing and dividends keep growing every year
Yeah, it's important to have a social space where we feel comfortable making ourselves the priority. For some, that's reddit. Cool.
An island.  And a food.
He endorses anal vibrators?
While nearly every *person* has some aspect of brilliance, *people* in large numbers are more often than not dangerously stupid.
Platoon
As a guy?   My face is a 6 on the worst days and borderline 8 on the best days.   I'm quite fit with a dad bod and a developed upper body. Being a former football/soccer player has it's benefits on fitness. I love working out.  I'm a wide reader and so I can entertain a variety of conversations.   I have a creative sense of humor; I don't need to make a joke to be funny. I just make fun of what goes on in everday life.   I love animals; I am in fact a cat dad. I also have a green thumb.  I love an adventure. We can travel the world together.   I drive FAST, but drive well. I can give a good adrenaline rush when it's wanted.   I'm an food enterprise entrepreneur, medic/water rescuer/fireman in training, and educator/academe in hiatus.   I socialize with the elites of my society; my connections are in the right places.   I believe in wisdom, principle, grace, strength, and prudence. I believe that a man should stand for what he believes in, but he must also be open to the possibility that he may be wrong in some of his beliefs and therefore he must change. Change doesn't scare me as I seek to grow and develop all the time. I also believe in giving grace to people, as grace has the power to give people a chance to grow, develop, and shine. Strength is important to man, for how can a man stand for his life and beliefs if he is weak of mind, body, heart, and spirit? I believe in the value of prudence; committing myself to wise decisions and balanced priorities makes the best and the most out of life.   I have an explosive temper and strength that I mastered and controlled; you can expect me to be a sentient beast of a man whenever I have to be. You can also expect me to keep my cool when I choose to. 😎😈   And in the bedroom? I take things slowly and passionately; I keep things hot and simmering: I don't rush for orgasms; I pace the heat and the sensation to an intensifying crawl toward climax, bringing me and my partner to the edge of an intense orgasm, and I keep it there for as long as possible until the orgasm irresistably erupts. 😎
Land line telephone.  Oh wait it might already be dead!
Okay what movie did this?
Just simply being yourself and thats it believe you are beautiful.
I was playing [sorcerer's arena](https://play.sorcerersarena.com) for 7 hours last month.
Fast food cheese burgers
Scarlett Johansson - ever since "Lost in Translation".
Well I used to be a libertarian so there is a part of me that views this as something of a shame, but note the 'used to be' and the a big reason why I am no longer a libertarian is it's hard to keep going when you realise you are fighting for people's freedoms that they don't want, and certainly don't want to give back to you.  So this specific issue doesn't personally affect me so I don't really care anymore.  Anyone of that age bracket who wants to smoke probably will still be able to anyway what with black markets, govt failure and such (the libertarian snark still resides within me).
Dudes talking shit... asking to get punched in the mouth... so I obliged. No ragrets
Who?
"we didn't do it but they deserved it". And also döner. Oh and a horrible economy.
Yes but if you ARE pregnant and get that, you get a miscarriage.
I mean, Ariana Grande was *not* shy about saying that he was good in bed even after they broke up. Of course, she also claimed that he had a ten inch penis, so either Pete is seriously hung like a fucking mule or she thinks he's such a phenomenal guy that she wing-manned him to the entire world by claiming he has a double digit dick and knows exactly how to use it. Either way it's a serious plus for the dude.
I loved the Chronicles, they fuelled my love of D&D as a teenager. I hadn't heard of the Deathgate Cycle till now - I'll check them out. Thanks!
Pig colons with clam juice
I cant click with my right hand
Taiwan
This submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ("?") in your title. Reddit does not allow post titles to be edited, so if you would like, you can post the question again.  Please write your title in proper question format, and include a question mark, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Must be weird to be so recognizable to people. I’m an identical twin and in school everyone knew us as the twins. I just wanted to be anonymous.
Mizo
Big art attack
I had to buy numerous copies as I kept dropping it in the bath…
Click on it, click delete
Jumpstart my heart
The GOAT
Cornbread is cake.
Who is your daddy and what does he do.
I remember as a kid ending the game by >!choosing to let the big bad kill me and then let be worshipped as a god by the people.!< Was kinda crazy,
The Little Prince
Adobo
I was living in the suburb of manly in Sydney Australia and a juvenile great white beached it’s self for some reason. The local aquarium staff that came to help put it in the sea pool before transferring it to the aquarium to recover. Got to see it up close and have a few videos too. Edit: found a link to the news article   https://www.google.com.au/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2017/sep/11/beached-great-white-shark-given-temporary-refuge-in-sydney-swimming-pool
I laugh so hard, I farted. Still laughing and now doing the starting the car fartings. Dying laughing now. x-|
a dragon, cuz i’ll be dragon deez nuts across yo face  sorry i had to
It's a trap  turn back. Do not go any futher
with two six sided dice there are some easier combos than others - 7 is the most common TOTAL result. "Snake eyes" (two ones) requires both dice to roll the same thing.   The odds of any *chain of events* happening in a specific way are always tiny. The odds of *the next roll of the dice* are only EVER exactly the odds of the dice. Period. If you roll two six sided dice, you stand a one in thirty-six chance of getting snake eyes. Every. Time. You. Roll.
Cristiano Ronaldo
Woman ejected from car during a crash and my dad and I finding her dead in a ravine
The invasion of Russia
Tie my shoelaces so they don't come undone in the middle of the day.
Having a twin country with same holidays and history
If you are afraid and you don't feel comfortable being honest then DONT EXPECT men to not be confused. You meant to be confusing! Be understanding that the signals are mixed and meant to confuse and diffuse any anger they may have and don't put it on them to "be more mature." Just be understanding that what you did worked as intended to diffuse any possible altercation, and it worked. However, in using that tactic you left it ambiguous purposely and it isn't on a man to read that far into your emotions. Congratulations you succeed in what you were intending to do by obfuscating your intentions. That isn't in any way making them any less mature by being confused by your purposefully mixed signals. That's literally saying "grow up and learn when someone is lying to you, and take the hint!" That's blaming the victim in the situation, so you can scapegoat the liar. I get why you would lie, I do. But then if you know you have to, then don't expect men to "be the bigger person"  Tldr; if you mean to obfuscate your intentions, don't belittle men for being caught in your obfuscations.
Welcome to life
Teeth grinding while sleeping
Same, algebra is easier than math was to me in 1st grade, or maybe that's just because i am allowed to use a calculator now
Appa the flying bison.  Because he is the steady reliable foundation that is required for all adventure.
Culture
😂😂 I feel you!
https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/tim-allen-recalls-serving-time-prison-cocaine-charges-201655802.html
Money
Dune by Frank Herbert.
I need ideas asap
I'm way late but I finally have an answer for one of these.   GOTCHA FORCE! seems to be a game only me and a handleful of my friends ever played.   It was a Capcom release for the Nintendo GameCube in which you play a 10 year old kid when an alien race of action figures lands on your planet.  You team up with the Optimus prime looking figure, and other friends get their own side kicks, and you go through a campaign of repetitive 3rd person battles in these interesting zones like "bedroom" "playground" and "school."   As the campaign progressed you'd get more "points" to build a bigger team and collect some of the action figures you fought which all has vaatly different play styles.  Like "ninja" who was squishy, threw shurikens and bombs and had close range attack, or "machine Gunner" who had a Gatling gun with 100 rounds that took forever to reload, or "fire dragon" which was a giant slow moving tank that could fly and shoot fireballs.   The real game was local vs player, since you and your friends could build vastly different parties and fight them together.  It's the game Pokemon should have always been, but forced you to play a boring and repetitive campaign to collect better guys.
talk about anything and everything... by then you should be able to
Ok the right answer would have been Yellow.
The multiverse theory
Walk, volunteer, read, ride bike, prune garden or go to community garden.
Thank you. I did try to give genuine advice. It's usually neglected because the person doesn't want to feel like they're doing anything wrong and it's a problem that nobody understands but them and all these lovely ways in which we can avoid changing ourselves. Because that's hard.
The 2021 insurrection at the US Capitol
I prefer the term 'goes like a rocket' or 'goes like shit off a shovel with as many squirts'.  Generally I respond positively to the information though
They'd have booked him solely on the content of his character too.
Nevermind, the baby gets it’s oxygen from the unclebuckle cord
Honestly same. Bryson darts about so much and so quickly that it's hard to keep up with. And not in a good way, imo. He'll mention one scientist/thinker and what they're famous for for one sentence, then link from there to something completely different.  I'll certainly give it another go though, seeing it mentioned here.
With force
link?
https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/tim-allen-recalls-serving-time-prison-cocaine-charges-201655802.html
Noice
Another extremely rare thing I witnessed. I lightning strike.Clear blue sky's not a cloud in site.
Same, it’s been sitting on my bedside in hardback since it came out, just can’t say goodbye!
Are you daft?
I am genuinely asking is this a thing?
A pity that it's not just the dickheads that die. Perhaps if the uninoculated automatically loose  any rights to a hospital bed,and that it is made a priority bed for those folks who've been inoculated
Perfume: The story of a murderer by Patrick Süskind.  Just beautiful and dark and everything in between.
That life is gonna treat you shitty because you were born with “crappy stats”. Not everyone has the same capabilities and privileges.
r/vancouverjobs  www.contestcanada.net
Sleep whenever you get chance. Don’t wait for schedule.
A missing plane
Liver? I barely knower!
Torturing bulls and being the holidays country of europe, mainly.
Hating people for opinions (twitter and china)
Shuffle cards
Beer, chocolate, fries, waffles, diamonds, comics.
Tea and crumpets.
Mass shootings
Um he’s not especially bad looking or anything, why not?
 Beer comsuption
I kept pushing them away for reasons I do not remember. I pushed them away for good four months ago. Four years thrown away.
This was in the 90's. It was a PC game where you're a tank and other AI tanks are out to 'hunt' you, basically if they ram into you, you die and the game restarts.  I don't remember the objective of the game. It's either you need to drive around to pick up all the objective markers and head back to your 'base', or run down the clock, or both.  There might be powerups to lay traps for the AI tanks, I can't remember.  Style-wise, it was kinda dark and it was in 3D.
Just stand outside and wait for the sprinklers
maiahu maia hi maiahuhu
In my opininon, "opininon" have 3 n's, not one.  But in my infinite wisdom, and boundless patience, i will give you the benifit of trying to correct my excess "p", instead of "n".  Thus we are in complete agreement.
I struggled with Kaladin self pitty chapters in RoW a lot. Had it on my night stand for a year before I got through it. Then finally recently I read through the second half in a week.
As someone who like having their own time and who love soending time with my friends. The only time we can talk is lunch time since the teacher were pretty strict and my family i told him i want to keep our relationship secret but right after i accepted him his whole friend groups knew well telling friends wasnt a problem because if he trust them why not? I also told my bestfriend so i understand him but the next day my whole junior class knew about our relationship and our whole class knew about our relationship but i didnt get mad at him and let it slip but told him to blocked my sister and not make a post on Instagram. He blocked my sister and yea didnt post it but he put ours photo (backside) in his profile pic but it was just our back so i let it slip once again. As i stated i love having time on my own (and i am shy) when i need time alone its means i was losing my temper or something my friends understand that so when i said 'leave me alone' or 'i want to be alone' they fully understand and leave me alone but he always sulk or get angry at me and even called our relationship 'onesided' saying he is the only one loving me. And i told him that i was shy and needed time and he snap at me saying he is also shy but still talk to me. I admit i dont really talk to him irl but we talk alot on social media. I do talk to him in real life too but i was scared my sister or someone who know my sister will caught us and after months exam come, i had period and i noticed it after i submitted my paper (it was the start of pandemic) so i told one of my friends about my period and all so i didnt have time to talk to him cause right after we got over my oeriod incident they came to pick me up so i went home after that lockdown and all and yea he still say i didnt talk to him much so i couldnt deal with him and told him i wasnt 'into' our relationship and say that we should break up and yea we break up and now i still feel sorry for not talking to him properly but i understand him getting mad but i still think 'relationship' wasnt mean for us.
Lots of pint s take a guess
Wow.
The end
Why? I've never had any issues after 10 years or whatnot. Spotify is cheap, even free if you want to listen to ads. You can use Spotify on your phone, computer and it supports carplay
Driver: Parallel Lines
never got a tattoo was too expensive imho when I grew up, these days by brother got a diy tattoo set off the internet but nah would probably be a bit prison tattoo'ish
You just go to the doctor and the government pays for most of it. Healthcare being connected with employers is considered very strange and dysfunctional by the developed world.
You don’t understand
>I know 5 obese people and you are 4 of them.   Thats the one liner, but nowadays you have to clarify that a joke is a joke
Agree, Super. To see all the animals underwater darting around was so special. And it was a star-filled night as well! Amazing what wonders our beautiful world has to behold!
JK. Rowling. big ass potter head, but wtf.
GRAAAAPPE!!!
Fair enough \^\^
Get some bitches on this Dick
I played a multiplayer game based on Dragonlance universe for a few years, never got to read the books because I was under the impression they were of mediocre quality. Like, if Tolkien and maybe Pratchett were the 1st rank, Rowling, Glen Cook, Bujold were 2nd, and *Mother of Learning* 3rd, then Dragonlance is no higher than 4th. (And I honestly like *Mother of Learning*, it just doesn't seem like a very high-quality literature.) Am I wrong?
Get a house in a place I want to live. Doesn't need to be a fancy house just any damn house in the perfect spot. After that idgaf what to do with the rest of the money
The list i read down until i got to your comment was all people "i grew up x". Im fine and dont need to pigeon hole or demean anybody. Especially those who have changed something about themselves for the better, regardless of their history.   The pat on the back is for changing themselves, not because they are now absent of a negative. The same way people who lose weight deserve a pat on the back, self improvement is cool from any aspect.
Doesn't lay there like a dead fish
Talk about a new film that is released,  ask if they are going to see it, allows you to ask to see if they want to see it together.
It is physically hard to read at first as it is literally written in a Scottish accent. Spud’s parts are particularly difficult to get used to. Good book, well written (again once you get used to the writing style). Also recommend Filth and Marabou Stork Nightmares. Welsh plays with the way the page is set out in both. Which sounds extraordinary pretentious but in one he uses it to switch between the man and his tapeworm and the other different levels of consciousness of a coma patient. Really interesting use of a page.
Sad
That I’ll probably never lose my virginity or get a girlfriend
I get rejected semi often and I would never hurt someone over it. I just kinda sucks for a bit but whatevs. Shit like this makes me more radicalized. Men are just terrible. Please fucking change my mind.
they are really bad there's really not much to admire
My point was more that the Kardashians like to sabotage people. They did it to Jordyn Woods, Taylor Swift and various exes they’ve had, so time will tell if Pete is suddenly ruined by them one day. And I think if she didn’t have kids with him, Kim would’ve already taken Kanye down too. Or tried.   I’m sick of how many scandals that fam just walks away from. People forgot about Astroworld even quicker than I thought they would.
in NZ we have public healthcare. the taxpayer pays extra money to the government to make it run. a smoker has health problems. this adds strain to the health system. and by extension, by having taxpayer money spent on medical attention to someone dying from a preventable tobacco related disease, also to the taxpayer. cigarettes are highly taxed yes, but its not enough, it doesn't cover damages, and also, because its not about money. not all damage is financial. its about people. tobacco kills people. so we, as logical, well thinking people, are trying to eradicate tobacco use.
Most of those safety training videos are pretty hilarious, and they're must watches at work from time to time.
Because it's inconceivable to me (the guy at the bar who aggressively initiated this conversation, hi) that not everyone wants to fuck someone whose only interest in them is sex.
That was really nice of him to keep an eye on you like that  A guy I used to work with said he walked to the neighbouring village when he was drunk because he’d forgotten that he’d moved house that week, he was hammering on the door shouting for his mum and he was quite put out when the house was empty   I think he weaselled his way into the garden and slept in the shed  Thankfully nobody had moved in yet
They're gonna come at your house, make sure everything is alright, buy you some healthy food and groceries that you might need, they're gonna help you clean the house and do some chores, john the tech guy is gonna look for a job posting that suits you and is very employee friendly, they're gonna cook for all of you for a week or two, maybe more if you need that help, make sure that you slowly but surely gain more reaponsibility.   Some nights you'll do the cooking, sure you know a few dishes but they help anyway, the next day your cleaning the house, the next doing dishes. Slowly and slowly they will help you rebuild your confidence. To become the best you can be or at least on the way to becoming.    And then one day, when you wake up, when all is set and you are fine, they will  be gone. Traces you shall not find.     And you MIGHT cry. But it's not the same tears that you used to shed like yesterday.    And then you'll make breakfast.
I was driving home from a farm late at night approx 10pm. The farm was located miles from civilisation, rural area, on lots of winding roads and steep hills. No streetlighting or nearby houses. A storm was coming, so there was strong cloud cover blocking out all night-time stars. Also, many branches from tall trees grew overhead. Anyway, all these elements created an environment that was absolutely pitch black - I mean JET BLACK. The only thing creating any light was my headlights, and it was the creepiest feeling to look in my rear vision mirrors and see nothing but absolute darkness surrounding me (especially when I knew there was bushland there). Was maybe a 45 minute drive before coming to the nearby country town. I've never experienced such darkness whilst driving before, it was genuinely terrifying, and felt like the end of the world!
Why? Kim's pretty enough, and just about everybody who's worked with her says that she's very nice and professional, lovely to work with, and not nearly as dumb as the public perceives her to be.
Fuck off. Let people do what they want you nerd.
I read it in one week in high school. I couldn't put it down.
His snoring skills must be over the top!
Weird
While in the military, I was seduced by my incredibly beautiful supervisor even though its called fraternization and is against the rules. It was hard as hell not to give in, because everyone was sweating her and yet she wanted me. She said that she had been able to be with pretty high profile people, yet because I said no she saw that as attractive. I ended up leaving and marrying my wife at my next duty station. Crisis averted! 😉😋
Dumb af but funny af I wish I was there watching the awkwardness
I meant water lungs
Avacado. Sushi. Avacado on sushi. 🤮
i got several: the world does not revolve anyone, and everything you achieved in high school will stay in high school.  part of life is to get hurt some times, whether physical or mental, and it can be avoided, but you sometimes have to get hurt in order learn how to avoid it.  things dont always go your way, and getting angry or upset will never help.   respect is something you earn from others, and only by showing it to the people you want respect from.   one final piece of advice/knowledge: r*** and abuse are r*** and abuse, regardless of what type of person the victim is (in terms of gender, religion, etc)
while I've got you, what's your favorite cover song?
Milkproducts, watches and mountains. Banks I guess?
Shoah
Movie: Mulan (the OG 1998 Disney movie) Video game: probably Life is Strange: Before the Storm
Obesity
This has the potential to be a minefield, so I'm going to put the UK govt definitions here. They are used by the Office of National Statistics.   There are other definitions and this doesn't touch other genders, but it's a good baseline and officially recognised.  &#x200B;  >The UK government defines sex as:       referring to the biological aspects of an individual as determined by their anatomy, which is produced by their chromosomes, hormones and their interactions       \- generally male or female       \- something that is assigned at birth       The UK government defines gender as:       \- a social construction relating to behaviours and attributes based on labels of masculinity and femininity; gender identity is a personal, internal perception of oneself and so the gender category someone identifies with may not match the sex they were assigned at birth       \- where an individual may see themselves as a man, a woman, as having no gender, or as having a non-binary gender – where people identify as somewhere on a spectrum between man and woman.
Probably genocide
Lame
It varies from person to person. I care more as I get older, and I do get anxious in particularly bad storms, but it's still not really guiding my decision making. There's really not a whole lot that can be done about it other than just accept it and live with it, and unfortunately that's easier for some people than others.
i need order in almost everything i do in day to day life and knowing the next song brings some comfort and helps make it a process that i can understand
Because they don't. I believe it's the umbilical cord that transfer oxygen to the blood...that why they slap the baby to cry...like a jumpstart for the lungs
Kevin Spacey
You are right.   However, I visited the production plant in Western Germany where they told us that they produce the majority.
21 days without food.
Yes. Yes you are 
Use a can opener
Duck lips.
Get up, go to the gym and maybe fish the rest of the day for most days.
She doesn't snore
Our neighbours mexico
Thanks so much for the insight!   It’s amazing here how much our seasons and weather is changing on a whole.   This year we’re on our second La Niña...we usually have 1-2 wet seasons every 10-15 years so we have to take advantage of them while they last. But they’re dangerous because of the absolutely massive downfalls and lackluster infrastructure because they’re unpredictable and rare.   Once again, thanks for sharing!  And stay safe!
Sing and dance in spontaneous choreographed scenes-Excruciating!!!
Haha I love how you always speak in the third person.
Pot. Lots of pot
Shits n giggles
Loser
Long bread and some big iron tower.
Unfriended them
Magic Pengal  A PS2 jrpg where you could draw your own monsters.
The things they carried.
The sent button for emails with "following up on below" or "please confirm below" after a week has passed and you're still waiting on people to get their shit together and you're the designated reminder-er.
As a former smoker who has had friends and family die from it, I am all for this.  Normally I am not one to try and take away someone's choices, but smoking literally has no pros and many many cons.  When ever someone tells me that smoking helps with their stress I just reply that the 15 minutes they take to go outside and have a smoke would have the same effect without them actually smoking.
Harissa
Kills time when I'm breastfeeding or travelling.
"We have a rule. We don't unplug people, from the Matrix, after a certain age. The mind is delicate."
You're absolutely right, and over the past couple of year I've basically figured all of that out on my own and I understand for the most part how I'm perceived and how my lack of social skills is the cause of it. But for some reason the thoughts stick with me. I can calm myself down when nobody is around and fully convince myself to relax and try to talk to people, but as soon as I walk by someone it's like I hit a switch and my brain becomes paralyzed.
Corruption at its bestttt
A new guitar. But i think ill buy that myself soon.
Yeah I've seen something similar near Ningaloo in Western Australia. Calm waters in a lagoon, but a school of little fish started going crazy near the shore. They had been herded into a corner and it was like the ocean was boiling and they wanted out. Then a huge Mulloway just smashed through them, flicked back and swam away. You see some amazing marine life in that part.
Humans don't have gills, you're thinking of fish
Sectarian hatred
I’ve done it like twice. Same girl. She said I shouldn’t do that , and I was nice about it and apologized but my thought is, if you’re posting it here it’s a free sample isn’t it? I mean why not download it regardless of whether I’ll sub or not?
Dale Gribble.
James Pond
For the duration that we don't have decent alternatives, some things that are bad for the environment are something of a necessity to function in modern society.  We don't exactly have a robust public transportation system in many countries, so yes, we need cars in those countries. There's an excellent and ***long*** discussion to be had about the meat industry, but it's not comparable to smoking since it still engages a need humans have (whether or not that need can be met through other methods). Smoking isn't a need and it doesn't engage any tertiary needs. It is ***wholly*** a bad thing with any "benefit" being so modest that it obviously is incomparable to the damage it causes, given that there are no needs it meets.
Hasta la vista baby
probably when i went to my new school for the first time, i felt deja vu
That’s pretty much what I do and I like my body
>but there's also no reason to compare anyone without hitler's reach  But you do compare those people to Hitler when you call him one of the worst human beings. I guess to be technical we could call him one of the most evil leaders in history.
Lol wut?
Parents don't have the answers to everything. They just have more experience of faking their way through life.
calvin and hobbes, any book.
Depends!   I’d assume it was meant that she was happy to put work in too and is good at showing she’s enjoying herself.
I\`m not very good at it but it\`s fun
Movie: Trainspotting Video Game: Metro Exodus
I like to move it move it!
Schwa zum hean wonst as schreibst.
Florida
German and Austrian Bergbauern: "Are we a joke to you?"  ;)
Caviar, 44 days war, oil money.
Me also. I can't communicate with a person. Just Don't know how to start.
If you’re American when you go in the bathroom and you’re American when you come out of the bathroom, what are you while you’re IN the bathroom?  YOU’RE-A-PEEIN’!  …I’ll see myself out.
Ok! Then I guess.... Candy Ken!
Cold Comfort Farm
Sounds good to me ☕
Fill your time with physical activity’s.if your out and about doing things you are less likely to pic your phone.
Heavy rain. Awesome game
Monkey kong.
Not really. The market for stolen art is limited at best and most major players are already known to authorities. It's not like stealing a car that could be easily spotted in public, so getting the word out won't really help. If the thieves think they got away with the art then there's a better chance of them getting caught selling it. Also insurance companies are massively confidential and aren't required to release records publicly. Police generally don't care about stolen art outside specialist units of state or national law enforcement. If they're even informed in the first place.
Drug dependency, obesity, crime, pollution, greed… I could go on
Deadpool?
About 13% of women get Breast Cancer. Does that count as a flaw?
"Fuck it"
Tie my shoes. I use elastic laces which makes life easier
Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.
because im a sad old fat guy on the brink of oblivion
Dance.  It takes me 10x longer to learn a dance than anyone else, and I forget them so fast.  The only 2 I can do are the Macarena, and the Cupid Shuffle.  If the 2nd one didn't have instructions, I wouldn't remember it.
Do a cartwheel.
While waiting for the 4th of July fireworks show in Orlando, Florida, 2007, we saw a double rainbow get “hit” by a giant bolt of forked lightning.  I know rainbows aren’t discrete objects so it wasn’t really being hit. But the lightning was terrifying and spectacular. It looked like the sky was being splintered like a pane of glass, as if the lightning was just revealing crack lines. The rainbow was in the middle/ on the other side? It really messed with depth perception. Felt like something out of a Lovecraft novel.
She does more than lay there and expect the guy to get her there with no effort put in by her.
Organise myself to do things I REALLY want to do. I have every intention, I write so many lists and make so many plans to tackle tasks but I have pretty extreme executive dysfunction (I'm diagnosed autistic but suspect I may have ADHD as well).  Literally can spend an entire day screaming internally to just get on and do the thing. I can't do it. It might be a big thing like a big household chore or something super simple like call the Dr's. I want to do it so bad. I'm not lazy at all. I berate myself constantly for being unable to just do whatever needs to be done.
School shootings and racism. Any guesses?
"Thankfully I only had to live with her for two years."  Lmao. Bro, that was 2 years too many. Was your grandma a werewolf?
Is that a one liner?!?
What is your subReddit called?
FREQUENCY!!!!
I was five, nearly six, and remember it.  I'll be 81 for the next time so there's a chance for me.
He's not conventionally attractive, but I don't know why people find him ugly. Lush lips, pretty eyes, fit and funny. He's not nearly as ugly as people (especially dudes for some reason) think he is.
A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
Cool. I live in the next country over and I’m hoping we do the same.
Project I.G.I. nd contra..
online for the rest of my life
Told her the truth about not wanting kids after seeing her kid. I thought I could maybe be into it but after being introduced I dipped out. I mean I was a teen and just saw my life flash before me (stupid I know). Now as an adult doesn’t really bother me. Still don’t want kids but I have dated women who had them. Things didn’t work out but I could see myself as a father if I loved their moms enough.
We have very similar injuries :) I broke my thumb from the centre of the bone through the knuckle at the point it joins to my hand, as a result I can’t close my hand around my thumb and bending my thumb will pull my index finger down.
“Tell us what’s wrong - but keep it brief”
Nick cage
Sheep, leeks, rugby, singing.
He lacks the beauty and usefulness of a snake.
That road’s scary enough to drive on in broad daylight under normal conditions without any freaky UFOs. Granted I come from a country that drives on the other side of the road which certainly didn’t make it easy, but I imagine it’s a tricky stretch of road to get used to even if you’ve done it a few times.
Walks, sex, chores, sex, food, sex, naps, sex
Oysters. Bleh.
My friend did this and slid into  1980's "safety glass" which is glass with wire Criss crossing it. She put her knee through the window and ended up with a decent scar that kinda spelt out her initials.
“That’s some bad hat, Harry”
Drawing. Eating. Videogames. Dnd. Art. Sex if I can get it. Writting. Staying at home. No extra people.
Blood meridian
I must have been so confused
not a movie but "BOOOONE!!?"
The Australian Government is next level corrupt. (I teach Humanities… I know how stuff works)  I can’t wait for the day that I am not triggered by our PM.
Owning most of the world
That someone talks too much.
Yeah it still sound like you were thinking about yourself too much in those interactions. Like how insulted I'd feel if I thought someone wanted to know something about me but then listen to themselves talking about how stupid their own question was while I was answering it? I think my advice doesn't apply to you because you don't understand what I mean by look outside yourself. People don't get that and think they're not being narcissistic thinking about themselves if the thoughts are all negative. It's like, no, you're still thinking about yourself too much here, step outside yourself. Listen 👂
She participates, communicates, is enthusiastic, flexible, and has stamina.
I still hate white people for all they have done.
Regular Show please and thank you
Agreed. I also think it should be illegal to partner with sports teams.
"You are who you choose to be, you piece of shit."
No clue.
I fucked my ex boyfriends friend who was visiting on my boyfriends bed. Twice. Then got my dick sucked on his couch.
Buying, selling, doing drugs.
Deleted why
*gorlami*
I just googled man. I think he's a roman prune
But didn't he want redemption he wasn't that evil of a person?   He was still a bad guy though he had a conscience.
Your have to really try to stab them with their broken rib.
People who don‘t know when to shut up
\>in the mountains   \>in a public jaccuzi   \>in my friend's bathroom   \>cinema   \>middle of a dirt road, country-side     Probably others too.
14 years old. Mom got me a job at her factory for the summer. Evenflo they made baby products. 98 % women employees. They used to flirt with me.  I wacked it in the mens bathroom twice a day easy!
No, I am your father, you piece of shit
Would you try lentils instead?
To correct the injustices in America
The mummy, pirates of Caribbean, Gilda, the thin red line but, the most important (it has  been released just in some Europe countries but idc) :Asterix & Obelix, Mission Cleopatra.
Should've joined
7% of yearly this year. It varies year to year based on company wide performance.
Stay thirsty my friend
Blues brothers!
Government accounting.
Your freedom of speech is a joke. You know that bud. You can’t even get away with insulting certain people. You guys are so censored it’s hilarious. Keep doing your activism on Reddit though, it will get you so far
I've gotta get a message to you
Rats
Do you work at a dispensary?
I'm not her target demographic but I've never got the Kim thing. She's good looking and all but I don't understand the love for the unnatural shape.
So under rated
Those 2 times I thought someone was trying to kidnap me...
It's not something I would ever do but if people want to do it that's on them.  It is not my place to judge their choice of what they eat, and I think it's not unreasonable to expect the same in return.  The only thing I ask is that if they're a pet owner I hope they understand that while humans can be herbivores, dogs are not, and cats especially are obligate carnivores, so if you chose this lifestyle for yourself and your human family that's fine, but do not put that lifestyle on your pets.  That could seriously harm them.
I thought that would be one of the first answers
I can choose my own weakness
… People answering phones in general.   Films- yes always, unless they’re tied up  Real life- ehhh
The Big Lebowski. I was really hoping that the Dude would convert to Judaism like Walter.
Bitch
Nah, who needs to solve world hunger when you could make giant exploding berries
Fuck....
Nah. She'll 'go into hiding'.
I used to be a really aggressive child and kept hurting other children. Now I think it mainly was because my parents hit me and I have sworn to myself I will never hurt my children if I ever have some
Planetarium on a field trip. Don’t want to talk about it.
Modern medicine
Aight, aight
Oh no. Not falling for this one. Not gonna get me this time, Uncle Sam.
[Sonny by New Found Glory](https://youtu.be/_HRQtI5Sqww). It reflects both the coping mechanisms we employ and the unrelenting world when we suffer the death of a loved one.
Eat her pussy even when you don’t feel like it.
I was about to say that
Goodfellas
Elephant by Jason Isbell
I remember some anecdote about the original version of hot chocolate introduced to Europeans being "an acquired taste" (i.e. gross) because they hadn't accessed sugar to add yet
Da fck who said santa is Turkish
That I literally hate being married and monogamy and I don’t have the strength to tell my wife because she’s such a good person.
4 hours' paid time off to use anytime between Thanksgiving and Christmas.  A portion of food paid at the office Christmas party (we had to potluck the sides)  The food paid at our group's Christmas party  But I work for the government.  The generous leave and cheap health insurance make up for it. Mostly.
Not inherently a "boycott" per se, but the mocking of the original design of Sonic from the live action Sonic movie.
another proof that says that Australia is doomed xd
We’re not friends anymore 😡
ARE YOU NEW HERE?
You would love Rewatchables podcast.
I have a feeling this whole comment section is going to  end up being tl:dr.
Personalized stem cell lines. The procedures for growing and expanding them are being refined more and more every day. If you're under 30 you may be among the first to take advantage of their application in a clinical setting.
Wut
I’m watching Lethal Weapon right now. The amount of people they kill, plus the amount of property damage.
Insulin and epi pens
Not only is this Mummy movie  the best one, the Ride at Universal FL. Is awesome!
I missed the part where that's my problem, you piece of shit.
sorry to have to say but its reddit
It's hard to say. History has shown that sellers tend to create scarcity whenever they can to drive up prices. This is hard to predict looking into the far future.
Homer dancing around a crashed beer truck.
I think with all religions, they don't change people. If you're a hateful person, you're a hateful Christian/Muslim/voodoo practitioner/etc. If you're a kind person, you're a kind  Christian/Muslim/voodoo practitioner/etc. You look in your holy book and find yourself.  The only time a Muslim caused me inconvenience was when I lived in a house with 4 other dudes in college and one of them was Muslim and he had his own separate fridge for his food. Made the kitchen pretty cramped. But that guy was awesome, we used to play NHL 94 on the SNES for hours (yes I'm elderly)
Air forces
The Phantom Tollbooth.  I was a bookworm as a kid, and although I've forgotten most of what I read back then (this was 25 years ago ffs) I still have vivid memories of reading that book in the 2nd grade. It's the perfect children's book.
Harry Potter lol. I really love those films.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding.   Never fails!
5’9 7stone12 (110lbs) and 800 calories
Even when not physically alone, I feel so alone in Christmas. I've always had to work crazy long hours on/around christmas time. And at my age, I still don't have a family of my own, yet I see the joy and happiness of my friends/siblings, I see what I'm missing, and it just kinda hurts.
Independence Day.
Baby Birch by Joanna Newsom and King’s Crossing by Elliott Smith.
Just Google it. It's really simple. Virtually every metric across the globe has improved since the US became the sole super power. It doesn't matter if that offends you, it's still true.
Ill take him deep
That doesnt awnser my question.
Dredd. I swear I watch this movie at least twice a year.
Thank you I really needed to hear that
Road House!
Then that’s something that you let the person know? I feel like my comment is being vastly misinterpreted. If you like someone and you can’t/won’t text for whatever reason is relevant *to you* you would then have the curiosity to let them know that.   “Hey I don’t like to text at work I’m sorry”   “At night I like to shut my phone off, I won’t be available”   “I actually hate texting, I prefer calling, can you talk tomm?”   It’s the people who ghost others for a week, with no rhyme or reason, without explanation that’s a huge red flag.
We have our personal accounts and a “house” account that we each put a predetermined amount into. Our mortgage, remodels, taxes etc… come directly out of the house account. We leave each other’s finances alone AS LONG AS THE HOUSE ACCOUNT GETS PAID. I don’t care about her petty spending habits and she doesn’t mention my frivolous gaming habit
Honestly just want to ask the person, then you will know
Surah Kafirun verse 6: Nor will you be worshippers of what I worship.  The Quran says right here people are allowed to worship whatever they like. What someone else worships is not the business of Muslims.
Probably in a car on the highway. I'm not even kidding, I think it's statistically the most dangerous place I've been. Especially since I'm there kinda often.
Agreed!
I love the show. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Heat - doesn't matter where...armored truck robbery or DTLA shootout. As an LA resident, the quintessential LA movie!
every album is better than live through this
Taking your eyes off the road for fifteen seconds to talk to whoever's in the passenger seat.
Shawshank Redemption.
This, I know exactly how you feel. Rushing things when everything was already going well as fwb.
Rdr2
I’d never think of that as a red flag.
Again, I'm not here to educate anybody. Nobody listens on Reddit.  I've taught many workshops to people who want to hear, but that's real life stuff.  This is a fantasy land, where libertarians and rednecks openly attack and obsfucate information to prevent any learning.
Inception
Yes. It quite literally hit her. Hard. And I was raised to not do that stuff. Obviously, I coulda gone into more detail, but I chose not to. I remember her being in a lot of pain afterward. Hence why I feel bad still.
I saw mommy abstaining from physical interaction with Santa Claus.
Hypocritical
Are we to believe that boiling water soaks into a grit faster in your kitchen than anyplace on the face of the earth?!
Wise quotes sucks, you understand them when it's too late
I'm a bit afraid to ask but what's CBT ?
Perhaps you dislike something which is good for you and like something which is bad for you. Allah knows and you do not know. 2:216  You can never know what would’ve happened if you didn’t get hit.
I said Mandela too. Those face distortions kill me
Woman In Chains by Tears for Fears. One of the best songs of the 80s. Try and change my mind. I dare ya
A Christmas Story.   I genuinely hate that movie.
Rosewater
Nice try IRS, not this time
As they say, “If you can’t keep it in your pants, keep it in the family”.
It's good if you stop, but a lot don't stop. They're outside my window, right now, I can see them, playing golf. Two days to xmas, on a beautiful day, playing a game, and they're talking business. They have more money than they could ever spend but they're wasting their few remaining years, even in their off-time, trying to get just a little bit more. I have no interest in ever working again, and since I don't have to, I won't.
Even peaceful, govts would def try and steal that tech. Then again, good luck taking it off you lmao
Google was offering $100 for TYPEWRITER INK RIBBONS
Quibi
But not before 12:02am
Right?
“Alright, keep your secrets, you piece of shit.”
Kinda like morphine.
I used to be like this :\
My mom and dad conceived me on the first date.  They only ended up married because my mom got pregnant; my mom would have dumped him otherwise.  My mom agreed to it because she didn't want to be a single mom, and my dad was pressuring her a bit too.
A toilet with a window on a long haul flight with Etihad airline
I'd say it's well within Mirriam-Webster's [definition,](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/tradition) and that's generally a pretty reputable source.
Well it is!  And other people are dummies! Haha
It's any of the Jaws movies for me. Either way I get an exploding shark at the end. Just the lead-up to it is a lot better in one compared to the others.
Wtf
A huge downer
Oh my grandkids will know the mummy. They will think of it as that movie their crazy grandpa always has on at the house
That’s incredibly sweet, and I never really thought of how a situation like that would pan out. I’m so happy for both of you!
STELLA….  You piece of shit….
Rockstar games
My uncle and I watched about half of it in spanish once, since we surfed to it, and couldn’t go on. Multipass is even cuter in spanish
Jaws
What phrase for the jackets? Cum along is a bit standard.
Haha fair enough.
What's the point of leaving a comment then?
Channel Surfing? Don't think I've done that in over 10 years lmao.  However, I put on "The Grand Budapest Hotel" at least once every couple months. My favorite movie of all time.
But did it land on it’s feet?
I will *fong* you
Nice try Reddit.
Stagecoach
Hell no. I’m not like that kid😭✋
¡Hasta la Vista! you piece of shit. Or: "Johnny's here, you piece of shit"   This is actually fun
KF is a good place, lots of banter, many political views from tankie to natsoc. no porn.
Asking them
Heisenburgs turf?
Apollo 13 and The Martian. Don't know why, I obviously know how they end.
Yes because ur definitely a millionaire
All Fast and Furious.
There’s kids involved now too. Just STFU at this point.
Watching my mom live with COPD after a life of smoking. Her and my dad can't do so many things. She couldn't breath just getting to my apartment, and it was just two fights of stairs. It made me quit smoking, as well as start to exercise, so hopefully when I'm their age I can go and do stuff.
Looks like a Subaru expedition that got skin tumors
Go back to the US
My chasm - Mount eerie.   He lost his wife to cancer and recorded the album in the days and weeks after her passing. It's absolutely soul crushing ive never felt so genuinely sad because of a piece of art ever
That or steal someone else’s content and repost it everywhere.
None NFTs can suck my dick
The Dos Equis guy
I useddd to typeee like thissss in highschoooool
Sometimes I spend whole meetings thinking about why I'm there, I don't even have a job.
Every single day, multiple times a day. I have an irrational anxiety that he'll die suddenly in his sleep or when he's out and about, or that I will, and the last thing we said to each other will be something like "Don't forget to pick up a pint of milk," so I always make sure that whenever we part or sleep, the last words I say to him are "I love you".
Just to clarify, I was suggesting that all religion is horrific, by the way, not that what the pastor did is at all acceptable.  I have no idea how you could possibly read my question of two words in such an unintended fashion.
Exactly. There was like 4 of us who watched it go down and we spent the rest of the night just staring into space and contemplating life. Lol.
The Martian
Dance with the devil by immortal technique
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I had a roommate like that. Idk how tf you go through that much.
It’s weird reading all the quotes and having no idea what they are talking about
Your sister was very likely abused and is repeating the same behavior. Your Dad would be violent with you if you reported it you say? Perhaps your Dad molested your sister
It may be humiliating but… Down Periscope… there it is.
All I Need does it for me..
Were no strangers to love
I know you are watching me here and that if you want to talk to me, just come up and talk to me. I don't want to deal with drama on my fb though, or be talked about behind my back.
I’ve never seen this
I would argue millionaires worry about money just as much as anyone else... just in different ways. Like how not to lose it.
>Vince Vaughn has a punchable face. I agree.  I've been told i look like Vince Vaughn.
My guess is the entertainment industry will be radically different. Lots of classic movies and songs will eventually lose their copyright status. How much will fans be willing to pay contemporary performers of the future when so much is available for free?
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Santa Claus lands on your roof with his sleigh and prancing reindeer on Christmas Eve.
Not so much hidden, but a I'm a good bit more public with it on Reddit than IRL
Sir this is a Wendy's
Gone away by five finger death punch. The music video is heartbreaking too
I’m not shallow, I’ve fucked women of every size.
Wow dude you're so cool
The entirety of Reddit to agree on something.
I think 2 and 3 also benefit from the BTF name.   It's kind of the same as every other mediocre sequal. People still know about and talking about Alien 3 even though from what I've heard it's nowhere near as good as the other 2.
I feel you, I also didn't have a good experience. Ideal situation would be if there was no drama between exs and kids are well behaved and brought up with values I believe in as well.
Happened to me literally yesterday! I stumbled across it right before Brooks gets out.
I think the issue is only getting liability (the bare minimum) insurance, on a brand new truck.
Happy Gilmore and The Princess Bride
Budd Dwyer
The God father
I learned this was a thing from a Family Guy episode. It might not be "weird" as we think.
I have special eyes. I can see anything at will, e.g. see through walls, see lasers, radiation, see what goes on in your head, see hidden traps and sense any movement no matter how small. I also can't go blind and of course have night vision. And I can turn it on and off
Like any gemstone really. They’re all rocks.
honestly, I wanted to see if people answers were right about me, so I took it as an interview xd
Forrest Gump
Crypto currency. For sure.
the original commenter seemed to not care about paying premium, but still, boom, like three comments talking about vanced - why
Same here, came here to say the same.
Panic Room, I really wanted Forest Whitaker to escape with the money
My Dad’s #1 saying my whole life has been “I’m your father, I’m not your friend.” 🙃
Sharks Blade Ooo Ha Ha
Waterworld....I know, but after hundreds if viewings it's just as bad as I remebered
The Natural
The Mist
I’m crying so sweet.
Shirley Temple
Ah yes, thanks for correcting my grammar.
Love me some D.S. B.S.!
Road House
This girl in my unit wanted to finish service but didn’t want to quit coz she didn’t get her payout if she didn’t stay til at least September.  So we were on a practice hike & she intentionally messed up her ankle (& had to get airlifted out) - got like a medical discharge & now gets disability, injured in service, veteran payments weekly whilst I have to watch her try be a DJ on Facebook
Learn to make chlorine gas and vent it into their houses AC ducting at night while they sleep.
Rhythm is learned. You can do it with enough practice and if you’re trying to stay busy then the need to practice is exactly what you need. As far as building and crafting goes that’s up to you and will depend on what you’re into. I personally love music so I build instruments out of household items. I also love to fly fish so I tie my own flies which is definitely a form of crafting. I have a buddy who loves wood working so he builds furniture and sells it. My wife is into making jewelry so she does that in her free time. You just have to find something you’re into.
Now, that is a sad song.
Millionaires can still worry about money
Why tf are lgbt people so goddamn fucking judgmental? Why the hell do people treat other gays like garbage cause they aren't a 10/10
Goodfellas. Uncle Buck.
Just to clarify, we are talking about whipping your penis around in a circular motion slinging the water that is ever so gently clinging to your shaft, right?
That’s just so unintelligent to say. It’s way too late to ban guns. There are MILLIONS of them already. So if we get rid of regulation all together then we have zero chance of monitoring them. Guns are already banned plenty of places, and those places happen to have the most. It’s like banning water. You can’t
That's just animal abuse at that point
Misread that as "tweezing tiny d\*cks out of ...". That'd be a very different story.
awesome. I've had it on my queue list for a while now, and they just released a prequel series too 1883  or something? so about time I started on it. thx
Yep, the greater surface area means it can't be stored in the fridge as long as normal cuts
Yawn
You want a sexy friend?
fair
Interstellar
You can make anyone instantly horny
Get knocked down 45 times, stand up 46.  How do you stand up the last time when you haven't been knocked down
10 min life skill.. wiring a plug.
They breath out of their mouths.
when we first got together this last time(second time, we were high school sweethearts who made dumb choices) i was coming from an extremely abusive relationship. he has held me as i clawed my way into recovery from what i went through. when i had cancer and was undergoing treatment, he went to every single appointment, every surgery, everything with me at my side helping me. at one point i was fresh from surgery, completely out of it due to medications and experiencing delusions that the blood clots coming from my used to be a uterus were actually bugs crawling out of me after eating me alive..and he calmed me down, washed me up, re did my wounds with clean bandages and laid down with me all night.. just to get up at 5am and go to work. and that's a small piece of what we've went through together.
Swimming in the sea
I missed the times where I can run and workout without pain. Now, I can't walk without pain even after spending thousands on seeing the doctor
Years ago when they changed from the circular pizzas to the square ones the quality went straight downhill. The sauce recipe changed or something, but it does not taste like it used to.
Shirley temple?
It’s hard to wrap my head around how people can just let themselves go and be ok with turning into marshmallows.
You were 12 in the second grade?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I do that.
No cow is funny :)
Teenagers not having one zit. Especially athletes.
My roommate is a healthy young male and uses 2-3 rolls per week :(
See, this is why people judge you. Not because you're white, but because you're equivicating this kind of slavery (which was no doubt bad) with generations of chattel slavery, where Black people were born into chains and could not ever remove them unless they escaped (which if captured was penalty of death.)  Being a slave for a time is not the same thing as centuries of you are a slave, your mom and dad were slaves (unless your dad was a slave-owner who raped your mom), and your children will be slaves.
Cool!
kim kardashian  She made gigantic asses a thing.  And I am ready for the pendulum to swing back.
Present day cars and older
Programmer QA. Coders do the hard part. You just clean up their code.
Eh, I knew a lot of shit kids who didn't want to try or do the work regardless, many of them with Karen parents. I want reform sure, and I am trusting the teacher's judgment here in saving those kids by doing that, but I distrust how much are people who want to learn in a productive, effective fashion, and those being lazy and not wanting to learn things in the first place. Not everyone cares about paying attention in history and political science classes, yet here we are in the world. Definitely the dearth of people's ability to retain knowledge, especially as it relates to history, not to mention critical thinking skills, shows.
You're going off the deep end here.     I'm just looking for a single source that has a running number of covid autopsies reported. Like the "Covid counters" you see all across the net, but an "Autopsy counter".      No, google doesn't produce that for m,e, but maybe you're right and  I'm just inept     You make it sound as if you were able to quickly find the answer to my question when *you* googled though, care to share the source?
Hurt - Johnny Cash (Cover)  Nothing but pain in that song
No you are good.  I guess my comment didn't make it.  But it was basically said.  I see you,  I understand that feeling as well.  You are loved and strong and so worthwhile to this world.
I think you should tell him you know but assure him you have his back. As his spouse he should trust you to keep his secret, and will probably feel a great deal of relief since you are probably the one person he feels guilty lying to. Tell him you still think he’s the smartest guy you’ve ever known, but he doesn’t have to hide anything from you.
The wrong neighborhood in Albuquerque
Avatar and Titanic. Idk how James Cameron has 2 of the biggest movies to his name. Both were kind of trash.
I had a friend that blamed me for her insecurities, got angry and violent when I wouldn’t accept the horrible things she said about me, and frequently put me in bad, potentially dangerous situations. For some reason I still wish the best for her every now and then.
Star Wars II: The Return of the Star War. I thought Luke was going to get caught in a draft and miss the Millenium Falcon when he falls onto the arms of Mr. Lando.
Well I'll tell you 2 one from when I was little and one from now when I'm older.  Well I start, when I was little my parents did  abandon me with the computer and I spent hours watching YouTube and then one day haha damn it makes me laugh just remembering it, do you remember the smile HD video? Well, just seeing the beginning scared me shit  And now when I grow up, I suppose that not many things scare me, but it still scares me. The Mandela catalog vol.1  edit: I'm sorry for my English but I write with what little I know
Yup.  This is a big thing with people who force little kids to hug and kiss people/relatives.  If they say no, don't make them.  Body autonomy applies to small children just like it applies to adults.
Family circle
Really?  The last name, appearance and home location of sister didn't ring any bells when you started dating your wife?  "It's the funniest thing!  I used to date a girl who grew up in Podunk that looked just like you, and had your last name!  What are the odds, amirite?"
Mean girls
Chicago on a weekend.
Never start a land war in Asia. It’s inconceivable.
They tried it on an episode of Top Gear, the lightning was artifical (i.e man made from switchgear) and was sustained for a few seconds, i think it was james may or hammond? ended up being fine and the car too, but it did freak out when the lightning hit it
I’ve scrolled far enough without seeing Joe Dirt
Yeah, me neither.
I worry about their version of extremism more than many others however don't worry too much about your average muslim. I do think as a whole the religion needs to modernize. Still stuck in the 1500s in many ways.
It can work, but overall it hasn't.
Nevermind
Law and Order: DUN DUN!
The Lord of The Rings, any of the extended editions. If I hear it from another room or even across town, you better expect me to come rushing into the room ready to go!
Perhaps that's simply due to what they observe around the, and what they're encouraged to like. I don't think sex means princess vs cars inherently.
Next week on law and order
Terminator 1 2 3 , any LOTR
I thought it was cars catching fire. Statistically speaking rare for a car to blow up/catch fire but it’s every day in Atlanta so myth debunked.
Not ruin a perfectly good friendship with "feelings"
Chill and enjoy Fesitvus
"We would have come earlier, but your husband wasn’t dead then."  Police Squad is the funniest show I've ever seen and it's [available on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYdUZfHGP04).
It used to be Brink
What if it happened so long ago I can't be sure I didn't dream it
Cool!
Free mods for PC games wouldn't exist without it.
Time shares
Incredible. There’s no other way to describe it, and it doesn’t go away when/if the relationship ends.
Do things, If you like them, keep doing them. Udemy also helps.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
kate beckinsale
Jurassic Park.  Such a classic.
So you uh…you like dinosaurs?
Roofies
In 7th grade my crush walked into class, sweaty from soccer practice, pulled his shirt up to wipe his brow and sent me hurtling into puberty.
What?? It came up organically..
There have actually been studies done on this. Here's one article for anyone interested: [What Psychology Says About COVID Non-compliers](https://www.sydney.edu.au/news-opinion/news/2021/07/30/what-psychology-says-about-covid-non-compliers.html)
You need to make sure the money you have keeps making money. Also, living a modest lifestyle helps curb extraneous costs.
**Attention!** If you plan to give examples of a bad/inappropriate email address on a resume, **do not post an email address - even if it's obviously fake**, rather use something like "[childish email here]", otherwise your comment will not be seen.  We do not allow any type of personal information, even if it's supposed to be fake. See rule n4 for more details, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Huh no elasta-girl what a surprise
Women taking off their bras and having no red marks at all
A Few Good Men
Utter
Yeah, lol. I only use my abilities in a blue moon, if I’m super horny, more of like a release of tension.
Yes, that one was brutal like Alien or Predator.
If you're with someone and want to use the bathroom while they are in the room/apartment you can leave the water running while you do your stuff so that the other person does not have to hear the sound of you taking a piss.
Spiderman 1-3   They’re just so good even the third one
So The Great British Bake Off is porn. Got it. (One of the host has said more than once how sexy a desert is.)
Rehab
Tommy Boy
Laws mandating national service.
The entire twilight saga. TITSOAK❤️
Not really a completion, more just annoying because I feel like I'm in highschool again.
“The hospital asked should the body be cast Before I say goodbye, my star in the sky Such a funny thought to wrap you up in cloth Do you find it all right, my dragonfly?” :(
Probably El Salvador or Honduras
Yeah true
Unfortunately, also the role that for some reason ended his career. Too bad too, because he was always able to channel that manic energy and make it funny.
No, just curious cause sometimes there are posts with fascinating in depth knowledge about a subject or topic and i feel like i might find some comments like that in this thread
It was easy to be motivated when you are young and thought the world was beautiful and bright. When you enter adulthood and see how most people are assholes as well as dealing with the BS of job searching, taxes, bills, and so on, you get sick and tired fast
She moved away
> If you and your partner can afford it  The thing is, the tradition scales with income, so it by definition is a thing you can't afford. The idea behind an expensive engagement ring is 2 or 3 months salary to show how much the man is willing to sacrifice for the woman. It's rooted in very toxic relationship dynamics.  By all means get an engagement ring that you both think looks great, but it will remain shitty to base the quality of the relationship on how much money the man is willing to waste on an overpriced rock.
Wow didn't know it but my favourite movie came out the year of my birth 1979: Apocalypse now! Shared 2nd place: Alien, Life of Brian, Star Trek. Basically a great movie year!
Got lost in Camden, NJ at night. Cop pulled alongside me at a light and told me to drive through any red lights I see and not stop for anyone.
Not in the south it wouldn’t
I climbed a very high mountain and I took a trip alone.
The Lego Movie
Are you a covid denier? You awnsered on multiple comments.
It's a kids show that has lots of lighthearted moments, but that isn't afraid to confront large and very real problems in the world!
Dawn of the Dead Love me some fast running zombies
That is unfortunate. A hot kitchen environment is a risk
Had literally one financial responsibility I needed to take care of. But nope not in the US
Nah, I am not selfish the most of the time, I think that you are the selfish one who wants to harm everyone because you are hypocondriac
I guess it depends on the place. We've got a few places here where T bone crashes are, relatively speaking, the most common and getting hit by a semi at 100 would probably put at least a few headstones in the intersection.
this was an emotional roller coaster.
Law Abiding Citizen, Airplane, some others
Recently discovered this song and it's a belter.   🎶 In a little while from now, if I'm not feeling any less sour 🎶
>if you’re going to try and be racist do better research  Religion is not a race.
Megamind  Sad to see nobody else has mentioned it, super under appreciated movie even with the newfound recognition it has gotten in recent years
Seems pretty vauge...
I'll ask on 4chan for them, so I'll get back to you.
Go to LegoLand, i don't care, go to LegoLand
You only think that cause you don’t know what’s coming.
My Father was a tunnel rat in Vietnam. They went in first to make the Special OPs look like something special.
Hunt for Red October. And Point Break...original only
Bananananananas
After lifetimes and generations of oppression by the religious and "moral" this is a sensitive topic for MANY people, straight, gay, LGBT or not.  We've tasted free air and sunshine and will never go backwards ever again, no matter the cost.
Love the Bon Iver cover of this
We do not grant you the rank of Master you piece of shit   -Mace Windu to anakin skywalker
Why are you hanging out with under the bridge people, frank?!
Did you buy an SSD and was the old one a hard drive?
Brave Sir Robin turnedabout and valiantly he chickened out
If both parties under age - legal  Of age - illegal  Cousins - legal.
Someone born today starts at the same place due to equal rights assuming people are not racist hurdles occur due to current racism in my opinion not from events from the past.
Lord of the rings
Mean Girls lol
True, but do all that to a real person and I doubt they'd be driving well so soon after the second knockout. Movie characters can recover from being knocked out by just "shaking it off" and a quick scene change.   Biff was knocked out for over a minute. According to [Brainfacts.org](https://www.brainfacts.org/diseases-and-disorders/injury/2018/what-happens-when-youre-knocked-unconscious-112018):  >If someone is knocked unconscious for more than a minute and symptoms don’t fade within a few minutes, it is important to bring them to an emergency room to get checked for a more severe traumatic brain injury. Doctors will check to make sure there is no internal bleeding or bruising that can be dangerous.  Biff was out for about a minute at least. A real person in his situation would be going to the ER, not going to his car for a high speed fight over a magazine. Then again, this also was set in the 1950's so maybe they were more lax about brain damage then.
When I was 14 years old, I and a friend stopped a taxi and ran away, we never thought that the guy would chase us ... we walked 3 blocks and he appeared in front of us, I tried to run but my legs got blocked, the man ended up kicking me in the ground .. I have never fucking told it!
At work in the bathroom
Asleep by the smiths. Always puts me in a mood
Its legit the second sentence
I was looking for this!!! I recently watched it and realized I completely forgot how the beginning started. It was always on TV in the 90’s. I never planned on watching it, so I usually started in the middle.
Well i was playing online with friends when some guy read out our school name and our names
Fatal Attraction 🐰
My brother and I played this at my dad's funeral last October, my dad stopped living after my mum died 30 years ago - he seemed to take no pleasure in anything anymore. I can't imagine spending a third of your life grieving and waiting to die and join them.
And the tune is so deceptively upbeat. Gets me every time.
I hope his store is still open.
I live in my own ask my friends have families. Since the pandemic I've developed social anxiety from not being around people that often so now I'm too shy to invite myself to other people's houses. I live in Canada 5000miles away from my family and friends in the UK and haven't seen them in 2 years... also its about to drop below  -30C for more than a week
“frankly my dear, I don’t give a damn you piece of shit!”
Sounds great! I definitely want to see you in costume now. 😊
I’d rather be dead than hear it.
The only time I get it is during summer which is rare cause I stay away from sugary foods. But the place is called Gifford's from my hometown. I think they sell their products in stores nation wide though or at least throughout New England area
Parked car on a not so busy street.   I started feeling around when I was in my SATs once as well
That Black Lives Matter.
When I was in daycare, I shit in the yard because I was scared to tell the teacher I needed to poop. A little bit later, her beloved poodle was found eating an obvious human log of a shit.   She was so pissed off and I was terrified, but didn’t fess up to it.
I don’t do the fiction lol
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Ex Machina. That movie is so amazing. The soundtrack is just so perfect.
Tombstone
Into the Spider-Verse
Ellen Page?
I will remember this and come back here to reply when the 2022 midterms happen and it results in the single biggest defeat for the democrats in decades. You are absolutely wrong that Republicans are outnumbered.  To be clear, I'm not saying "haha in your face" I'm saying "You do not know what you are talking about." Republicans stand to take a massive majority in the midterms and this is coming from predictions on both sides.
I was looking for this! :")
Steel Magnolias lol I don't know why, I just get sucked into it
Sure, sure. That's what happened.
With less than 5 nukes they cant do much damage
Can't believe no one said demolition man!  What seems to be your boggle
Shaun of The Dead.
Cannibal Corpse's Tomb of the Mutilated
Dude .. yes!
Thank you. You deserve an upvote for identifying the reference.
Oh my god, you're right! He does look like Kif! I find his general demeanour quite attractive
Public shower in a summer camp. There were straight up Walls between the little rooms so there Was no way to see or hear what was Happening in the shower beside you because there were no openings and the water of like 5 shower at the same time Was too loud to hear the fapping noise. It Was the only way to relieve tension cause I didnt have private time at all during the entire day and night.
Perform a brain swap.
r/twosentencehorror
What's channel surfing? You mean like on YouTube?
Brave Sir Robin turnedabout and valiantly he chickened out
In large cities, drug users od in convienience store bathrooms, maybe kind of an urbam legend, hence the ?
The Grand Tour may have something to say about that
Clue
When I was in the fifth grade, and my friends first started ‘experimenting’ with sexuality (by which I mean having crushes on same-sex fictional characters), I prayed to God to send me to hell in their place :/
The proposal   It’s not even a good movie but I love it so much and have seen it dozens of time all from different parts
The last time I smelled it my stomach turned lol idk about that
😂😂😂 way to many to count
For me I mainly see tvs in shops and stuff
No bonus structure, but got about 4000eur for Christmas.
Sorrow by the national or I see a darkness by bonnie prince billy
Do you have a YouTube channel where you review fast food and energy drinks, by chance?
MAD
I love The Shining, I don't care how many times I've seen it I'll always watch to the end if it's on.
Golf
Thanks, i hope so
Having lived in the US, I know first hand that most Americans are actually lovely, sensible people, especially in the Midwest.  Online though, you wouldn’t know it. They come across as extremely narcissistic and stupid.
Shrek
My Cousin Vinny
Sorry, that was not specified as part of your superpower.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I was going to argue that traditional values of being kind and helping each other isn’t taboo, but you know what - you’re right. The phrase itself is taboo bc it means so many different things for different people.   Fair play.
Top of the ferris wheel at the county fair. I was gonna have a date with a girl there, but she stood me up.
Bruh…the 3MC looked me dead in the eye and said what the fuuuck? When you’re done go to ASW bay.
The Descent
Conversely, when someone has a legitimate injury, but you keep playing and don't put the ball out of play.
My uncles long time gf was married twice before they got together. Both of her husband's died relatively young(late 30's early 40s) she had nothing to do with it it just happened. So my uncle jokes that he'll get married to her when he's ready to die.
The Lost Boys.  It's a bit cheesy and way over the top at points. But it is still one of my favorite movies from the 80s.
It’s bragging rights. The more freckles, the more superior you are
I’m pretty sure Disney owns everything at this point. Including this comment.
Tinnitus.
I was told that my younger brother got constant aggravation from a couple of teachers in particular about his academic performance compared with mine.
Income tax.
There were also some similar cases, but I can't for the life of me find them.
Welcome To The Internet by Bo Burnham
It's happened so slowly and gently that we've been going along with it unquestioningly for at least the last decade. To the point where it's become the norm. So does that mean that the Russians have already won?
You're probably right
The Shining for me. its literally hypnotizing for me at times. Also Monty Python and the Holy Grail is non stop comedic gold
Covid being over.
The Dark Knight
The support i get when talking to people
She could promote you hehe
We have a joint checking for bills, and joint savings for vacations etc. Still maintain separate accounts for ourselves as well. Before we were married, we only had the joint savings, but split up the bills we’d pay. Have to find what works best for you and your situation.
Yes, a couple.  Off-hand... close to $90,000.  Might get into six figures for the calendar year.
Parking lot after work
Real Death by Mount Eerie.
I assume the current state is Idaho. Beautiful place.
im tired if dealing with ur bs dont talk to me ever again
Formula 1 has plenty of dick moves which are so common people have become blind to how dickish they are.  I think the biggest one is playing favorites with the drivers (aka "team orders"). Every team fields 2 cars. In a lot of teams, there is a clear number 1 and number 2 driver. Number 1 gets everything handed to them. Number 2 gets the scraps.  Example from the very last race. Red Bull Number 2 driver Checo Perez was running comfortably in 3rd place. That would've given him a place on the podium, big bottle of champagne, a trophy, and a nice little addition to his lifetime statistics. He drove an absolutely amazing race. [He managed to go toe-to-toe with 7 time world champion Lewis Hamilton on very worn out tires](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7cAfXFnAwA). He deserved to be on the podium.  But... they forced him to retire his car because they were worried it might fail on the road which would trigger a safety car. Under a safety car, drivers have to reduce speed to match the pace of the safety car (around 100 mph slower). At the time, they thought this could have a huge detriment to Red Bull's Number 1 driver. They made him quit the race.
great because I didn’t need to worry about what to wear. but they were ugly as hell and I was forced to wear a skirt. would be great if I were given the choice to wear pants instead.
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
What if your right woman is really shallow, because you are really shallow too?
Mine were Don't Start the Revolution without Me, and Ghostbusters 2. *shrug*
Get Hollywood on this shit. I'd pay top dollar to see a movie like this.
10 things i hate about you
Margaret Thatcher.
If I say "I love you" while she's sleeping, she'll still say it back
you worry about losing money
Woow good news bro Same things happening with me  We broke up 5 yearz ago and kids are still popping up from nowhere
A circular email saying what a great year it had been, for them.
My uncle died volunteering in world war II over Belgium in a plane that was bombed.
Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe go fahk yahself.
Still think it would be super-green if "green" were a thing.
weren’t they both in the same time period though?
Data closet in a parking garage.   I had a vasectomy three weeks prior, and I was supposed to drop off a “sample” to be tested.   I had to work, and the testing facility didn’t have any place to do it, so I left work to “run an errand” at lunch, and went to an switch closet/IDF in the parking garage, and pulled some shit up on my phone for material.   I was only one of two people that had access to the data closet, and the other guy had off that day, so it was reasonably safe.
Back to the future
Obama ever being president again
I am used to being approached & stared at on beaches so will tolerate that   What I don't like is guys following me around & publicly masturbating to me
Drive?
Motorways would be a nightmare
a little, yes
Any explosion is a fireball in movies. They do the same thing with C-4. In reality C-4 makes a huge concussion but its not fire.
Yes, because the stem area is the toughest part and even takes a wee bit longer to cook. Putting a notch in it equalizes the cooking time and makes the stem less tough
Thanks for the caring response.  I'm ok.
Oh ive seen both, but no. 2013.
Any marvel movie.
⬛️🟧
On them titties. There was no reason to buy she wanted me to.
The Outsiders.  It’s the film equivalent (regardless of it being a book) in “must watch” as Catcher In The Rye is a “must read”.  Both are wet garbage.
Kia soul
“Omg Karen, you can’t just ask people why they’re white you piece of shit”
Huh. First time I've seen another Hendrik online. I've never really used another name though.
Peaceful protest has been tried since the goddamn 1960's. We're well past the point where we should have acknowledged that peaceful protest doesn't work.
Her body was fucking goals.  Not many can pull of what looks like one piece that spray painted on and still look good.  Me?  I'd look like a toddler in a onesie.
I can't stand that song for some reason.
Apocalypse Now.
Aw man. Terrible innit? Feels like a competition
I think it protects her from having everyone in her community know that she was raped.  While it's not her fault, I think the average person would be embarrassed if everyone knew they had been raped.  He still should've gone to jail, though.
I'm not sure that I have one.
What, were there no sheep available?
Batman
A hero
City of God
The thing is, if it was good music people would listen to it all year round. Instead, only putting it on for 1 month of the year as a sort of "this reminds me that it's Christmas and I like the music".  No you don't, you just enjoy the feeling you get at the time you listen to that music completely independent of the music.
Corporations owning single family homes and renting them out for more than a mortgage would cost.
Man on fire
Episode IV: A New Hole
when in Cairo by the neighborhood watch or Goodbye childhood by the neighborhood watch
What state did this happen in our if curiousity? Cuz I know some individuals that ran up in what they thought was a trap house and ended up pistol whipping the shit out of some stoner/hippy types back around ‘09.  Not even making that up. Reading that was literally like reading a story I’ve read a dozen times only from the opposite perspective. What a trip.
You son of a bitch, I'm in.
Nah, it’s like something that has aged verryyyyyy poorly, like ISIS (The goddess)
Any marvel or starwars movie
Honestly too many movies have the happy ending that I expect
Have at it
Whatever I want
yuh I can choose to quit?
He raped one of Pocahontas's cousins in a wigwam.
Channel surfing?
This might ease your mind a little. We were in lockdown so my son is mine for sure. Regardless. I was sort of concerned about babies being swapped in the hospital etc. my wife and I were talking about what if they swapped him by accident etc. and we said that after 2 days we wouldn’t want to swap back. Kids got a personality and you grow attached pretty quick. Who gives a fuck about DNA anyway? You don’t need to be blood to be family
In my house
Easier to get ready. And all the kids looks same you won’t know who is poor nor rich . I liked it
I needed the monopoly money I am still ashamed about it until this day
Space balls. Found it once, would definitely see again if I found it
She was my subordinate but now my boss.
Multiplayer games.  Love the competition.
Kid Beer!
Your previous comments say otherwise.  Don't backpedal on them now.
Never played odyssey so I couldn’t give my opinion on it but will probably check it out in the near future
I cum blood by Cannibal Corpse
This movie has a lot of haters, but it was also a blockbuster, Avatar. I did not like it.
Never give up, never surrender!
She might commit "suicide"
Kick off 2
I should probably give my own experience. I have been asked TWICE if “ginger hair matches.” Why wouldn’t it??
Natalie Portman
Everything  My face,hair,voice,weight,my skeleton,skills, anxiety
If there was an actual person and your friend wasn't just seeing things/mind playing tricks, you have blindspots.
Seperate accounts for sure
“We’re gonna do one thing and one thing only, killin’ Nazis.”
The only people that don’t care is North Korea
Why would you need to  hange something that shouldn't have to be explained?The symbol is the physical representation of the 3 Rs
The Christmas Cock crush
This is what I want to do with it. I think my mental health would benefit.
I have more to do in one day then you do in an entire week pal.
I'm not saying all that. I'm just saying Afghanistan is very tribal and even if the taliban isn't in control the lifestyle isn't that different. Rural government forces We're weak and corrupt. If the US wasn't looking they'd do whatever they wanted including trafficking little boys and forcing them to give up school. That local government and tribes need a complete purging if anything would have gotten done. That would require greater US control tho and our government was slowly leaving
Dont worry, you wont survive to see it.
Not weird.
€300 gift card
Hurray for saturday!
Most people become millionaires by starting a business.  You need to find a product or service that will satisfy a need in the market. Make estimations on the sales and costs. If you estimate that you can make a profit in the long run, prepare a business plan. If you can't afford initial costs, take a loan or find partners, investors. Hire people and manage the organization. At first, you will probably need to work 15-18 hours a day because you will be under heavy liability if the business fails. As time goes, you will streamline most of the processes, and you will be able to delegate most of your work to other people.
Tbh all of our art and music
What's Eating Gilbert Grape.  Every time
Tune
Minecraft I miss the childhood curiosity from that game.
I told time and time again that father M ( Catholic priest) was doing stuff to me when I was a child, it sometimes took place in front of my parents ( 10yo me, sitting awkwardly on his knees, his hand under my skirt) . They were blind.  Later when I confronted them, my parents always acted like it was the first time I spoke about it.  Therapy helped me to understand they couldn't hear me.  I'm a little bit messed up, but I swore to myself that I wasn't going to reproduce this behavior.
I was probably about 12 and I wanted to go to the library.  I rode my bike there, and it was probably about a mile.  As soon as I get back I'm faced with 20 questions, "what did I do," "why did five people call and report what I did?," etc.  I was baffled, I rode my bike to the library and came back home as I always did.  Well I was riding my bike out in the middle of the road and about five of my neighbors called and told on me.  To be fair I lived out in the middle of absolutely no where, there were no cars coming and I was never in any danger, but because it was a small gossipy town where people had to peek out their windows and tell on every little thing EVERYONE saw me ride my bike in the middle of the road (again, where NO cars were coming) but I still was banned and grounded from going to the library on my bike by myself until the end of the summer.  So stupid.  I could understand *if* there were cars and *if* we lived in a big town, but it was a rural town with no traffic, what did I do so wrong?
Fun fact: whomever toldnyou that was lying
_That person who clapped, was you._
Svedish penis pump
Wow. Dark.
This dude i met like 14 years ago .. this year he just popped up in my head and im like .. fuckkk he was so nice and cooler than my parents … now hes just like them lmfao
People who complain. People who aren’t team players in a video game. Open mouth chewers. People who blow their nose in the presence of food. People who blame things on others. People that are always late.
Probably Pornhub, since they actually do stuff like plant trees, promote cancer awareness etc. So I guess it's an ethical porn site...
So, someone else posted Con Air and it made me realize that pretty much any Michael Bay movie sucks you in, especially if you are a child of the 90's. We all talked shit about Bay for years, but his movies have a way of sucking you in. It's almost hypnotic.
There it is
I have two… Gladiator and Dazed and Confused.
All that Marvel stuff. I can't understand how this crap even makes them money.
Fair
That does not sound like a fun Christmas activity
One time I was working third shift at a themed kids restaurant and an animatronic bear and his friends tried to kill me. Lasted about 5 nights
Hadouken.
Ant-Man by deciding to not go inside Thanos asshole
The Birdcage.
I love how people take this specific verse out of context as if it means to say Muslims are allowed to kill anyone for simply not being Muslims.   Are you not going to mention that this verse was revealed during the time when a holy war was taking place? That this was taking place against people who were preventing Muslims from practicing their religion?  But no. Ignore the context to suit your narrative.
Office space
"Actually, I think that's the same cow."
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Well the confederate flag is mostly red, so…
Dancing with the devil - immortal technique
Guess it wasn't needed
I’d have a lot of splinters on my tongue.
Learning of the existence of something then quickly being able to cram your brain with every tiny detail about that thing in a few hours.
So the Bible
Listen to music.
Pretty much.
nEvEr sAiD tHaT
The basement of a nearly decrepit 1 room school house
Dildo NF Also Head-Smashed-in-Buffalo-Jump AB
Elementary teacher here- 4 packets of hot cocoa mix
...I am willing to change my name to Charity.
How on Earth did you attempt a push up if you have no hands and no legs
PeeWee Herman is fire in it!
but in what other game can you, as Rick Sanchez one pump Naruto, mow down Iron man with a sub machine gun, use spiderman's webslinger to flank Ariana Grande and one pump her, then build a five story mansion with a balcony and snipe a charging Superman then hit the dougie on them?.
Nah, these concepts are old but not often discussed outside of leftist spaces.
What like the current generation of teens?  Or 11-12 or whatever?    I’m certainly out of touch with that age group (I’m 45 no kids and no relatives that age) so I wasn’t aware that’s a thing.  Or a non-thing I guess.      As a gen-xer it was never as clear cut as you have sex and become a man.  But there certainly was a lot of importance put into it.  Losing ones V card was a pretty big deal.  Definitely treated like belonging to a different club or something.  A certain degree of “not a kid anymore”.
High school sweetheart
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/rn4zum/which_album_is_better_live_trough_this_or/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Zoolander tho it isnt aging very well anymore. Named my cat Meekus.
Use cash . Dont use any credit card . Keep tabs on what you are spending your money on
I sleep, having a nice dream, forever
I got dumped, she was engaged and her fiancé called it off around the same time. We had a mutual friend, we had an event coming up where I had a plus 1, mutual friend said your going to bring this girl as your date, but neither of you are in good places ready to date again so don’t talk to her, don’t make any moves just enjoy the night, we both grumpily sat next to each other and instantly hit it off. Went on an actual date with her 4 days later and pretty much moved in part time a week or 2 after that, then she pretty much never went back home after 2 months, and now we are happily married for 3 years been together 7
Somebody You Loved- Lewis Capaldi  Whiskey Lullaby- Brad Paisley and Allison Krauss  Fancy- Reba McEntire  Three Wooden Crosses- Randy Travis
"As you wish" as Westley tumbles down the hill.
A lot of anxiety and a wellbeing break.
Lemon Stealing Whores  I need to make sure them thieving harlots see justice.
Finally WV will be “ the place to go”! We have land, farms, hunting, lots of rivers and people who know how to use all of that.
>Because quite frankly people of color have been telling us they have been experiencing racism   Maybe what they’re experiencing isn’t racism but a reflection of their own character.
No country for old men (I recommend it to you if you are looking for inspiration right now 😉 )
When you become a ghost your human body remains and is for all intents and purposes dead. If you remain a ghost too long your body will start to decay.
I used to lie everyday about going to work and college to my parents. Would edit screenshots of grades i previously got to match the current date, make up fake report cards, research stuff i could’ve learned throughout the day in class to talk about it at the dinner table. I used to “fake” going to work. I didn’t have a car and during the winter i could stay up to 8 hours outside, basically freezing, not to get caught by my family. I made some money from boosting on League of Legends (playing a video game i am very good at), so my parents really never knew how much money i had in the bank, they could only see i could afford stuff so they didn’t question it. I had so much pressure on my shoulders to be successful from myself and my family, but school was just not it for me, but rather than quitting and telling the truth i preferred lying to my entire family to avoid their disapointment. I was deeply depressed, and as time went on for an entire year it got worse and worse. I eventually got caught by my father who did my taxes for me when he asked for papers of my college to prove i was still a full time student not to pay as many taxes. I could not provide them, and he eventually caught on that i wasn’t in college anymore. I ended up explaining everything, how i lied basically for an entire year about my entire life. My parents weren’t very receptive, but they didn’t kick me out. They brang me to our family doctor so i could get pills for my depression, and supported me by paying for a therapist, that i still see once a month to this day, 7 months later. I honestly thought after they knew it all they would give up on me, i would be living on the street and struggling, but they didn’t. I am now working a full time job, making fine money, bought a car and looking at appartments i could move into for next year (holy shit prices are high). I’m thankful about my friends, siblings, parents who never let me down even after all the problems i’ve caused, and very importantly i thank myself, for not giving up and ending it all. Even in dark times, even if you think only the worse can happen, seek help. People will surprise you, and with enough people dragging you up, eventually you’ll see light at the end of the tunnel. Life is worth living, do not give up.
Timothee Chalamet
A complete and udder lack for using resources effectively most of the time
But i think maybe it will looks so good if i see it in reality, what do u think?
downvotes are from the people that fell for it
Reno 911 Miami
My cousin touched me when I was little I still haven't told my mom.
There’s a famous movie called What a Way to Go! That’s like this. Shirley McLaine marries various men (Paul Newman, Dean Martin, and others), and they all die in various usually ridiculous ways.
Cars (original)  I grew up with it in a way, I can't not finish it it's just memories
Oof
"I imagine a suit of armor around the world"  BECAUSE THAT WORKED OUT SO WELL
💀💀 i mean she kinda advertised you. But hell big dicks don’t mean great sex lol. Use hands and mouth. Can work wonders
>  61.7% of the total population is fully vaccinated   Did you read your own article?
Best, most practical, shocked I love it as much as I do… Heated vest with 2 batteries, so I’m never cold.
Finally re-watched this after what 20 years? I had not seen it since it basically had come out, man it's so much better than i realized
I was at work and came home to an open door and a broken window. Inside, everything was dumped on the floor. I mean plates and cups and clothing: all of it. They spray painted a wall in the hallway and stole just about everything of (financial) value to me. The worst part was that my cats both have entirely different personalities now. The male turned super aggressive and the female gets anxiety.   Absolute best part was the sheriff’s department doing absolutely nothing. Sure, they sent out a deputy and she took a report but that was the end of it. I had to contact the ATF (yup, most of my guns were taken), the bank, everything. I never got so much as a callback from the SO. But I had insurance so I got a big check a couple of months later. I used that money to move away and start over.
White Chicks
Pretty much from the minute I met him which is corny as hell haha. It took him a while though we started out as friends with benefits and then he just stopped going home, at about four months of him unofficially living with me I think it clicked for him. He's pretty slow. Been together 10 years now, married for three with two kids.
Would you consider Playboy porn? They use the poses of the PreRaphealite paintings and so forth. Playboy also has more Pulitzer prize winning writers and articles than any other publication. But is it PORN? Do YOU consider it PORN? Is the statue of Micheal PORN, it was carved VERY in depth.  Porn is subjective to the audience. Now I DO NOT agree with exposing children to sexualized media or content. But what is porn to one person, is NOT to another. And Europeans are MUCH less sexually repressed than Americans.
Haha, I like it!  the original is e (Euler's constant, approximately 2.718) raised to the exponent of the quantity pi times the square root of 163. That amount is very close to 640320 cubed + 744.   There is a pattern with several other numbers. 163 is significant because it is 41*4-1.   It also works with 17. You do 17*4-1 and get 67. You then can see that e raised to the exponent of the quantity pi times the square root of 67 is very close to 5280 cubed + 744.  So, 744 is an unexpectedly interesting number.   The pattern holds for 5 times 4-1 = 19 and 11 times 4-1 = 43. But 41 is thought to be the highest number this operation works for, though that has not been definitely proven.   For reasons I don't fully understand, numbers that fit this pattern have another property. If you start with 41 and add 2, you get 43, a prime number. Then if you add 4, you get 47, another prime. You keep going by adding 6, 8, 10, and so forth until you get to 1681, which is 41^2. These are called the Euler primes (e.g. 41, 43, 47, 53, 61, 71, 83, 97, …).   You can see the pattern play out more quickly starting with 5. You get 5, 7, 11, 17, 25.
What does it mean?    Something that look disgusting and rotten but when opened it’s the best thing ever?
If we're using the dictionary definition maybe, but the B.I.T.E. model is much more specific
Ive recently started taking martial arts classes and I gotta say that shit is a hell of a workout, *when there’s not even an opponent*   Can’t imagine how exhausting and painful a real life fight would be. Luckily I’ve never been in one, and I don’t ever want to. Let alone against multiple people? Forget it
Aborted, Infant Annhilator, and Dying Fetus are good bands
Non of them have suffered or my mixed race family have suffered racism but sadly I cant say the same about my sons cousin.
So basically racism and sexism is okay then, because life is tough? Bullshit.
Do you think we have individual power in prompting this change?
You should give your boss a smashed windshield for Christmas.
No, it doesn't.   People have a certain rule of conduct, depending on place and time.   Our society and it's people have accepted that wearing revealing clothing in certain places publicly is normal and non-sexual, unless they consent to such thing, and most people of all sexes and sexualities treat it that way, bar few who still make sorry excuses for being badly behaved.  It is not wearers fault, that looker lacks the social and emotional intelligence/education that most are raised with and power of will beyond that of a wild animal to control their actions.  All the wearer is doing is following said rules and behavior, and they expect others to do the same.  *of course, I fully believe the same should go in places where this is not acceptible, whether I personally disagree with it or not)*  And I do stress the point of education, because this is all very easily correctable.  (One of the reasons) why we don't have the same discussions about what men should wear, is because vast majority of women (of any sexuality, really) dont do that.  They ain't no significantly less horny or visual then men, but are raised NOT to behave that way, since early age by everyone around them.  Or are emotionally intelligent enough to know how to properly hide when they have hots for someone, in public spaces, to not be creepy.  Men (of any sexuality) not as attentively raised and get often pass for such behavior in early age (boys will be boys and all that sleazy jazz) from either parents or peers (no, media and HR teams talking about "r*pe culture" doesn't make for a effective  education that teaches how to behave)  And even so, I think most socialized men know how to act in most public spaces, especially beaches, when revealing clothing is present.  So, frankly, there is no excuse.
Did he actually do anything wrong to deserve this hate, or is it just his face?
Not me but a friend of mine jacked off in the middle of his science class back in jr. high.
Airplane!  “Excuse me, ma’am? I speak jive” “I picked a bad day to stop sniffing glue”  “What do you make out of these charts?” “Well I can make a hat!”
So, that might work, but you know half the fun of being in Valhalla is the fighting each other part, right?  The other half is the feasting and fucking, naturally.  So, like, you're gonna tell a tale worthy of the skjalds, and it will be epic.  But Olaf Redson over there is going to want to fight you, just to prove he bested the man who slayed the dragon.  So, fair warning.
Penguin
Helicopter after a shower. 🚁
What a great memory with your dad seeing this timeless artist.  I'm so jealous.  He still has a beautiful voice.
“I want an Official Red Ryder carbine action two-hundred shot range model air rifle, you piece of shit.”
The ones I know are very nice people. The ones I don't know I prefer not to judge.
The 2nd high school I went to had a winter uniform and a summer uniform (they got rid of it the year I started which was annoying as the summer uniform looked good). I personally thought they were fine, it put everyone on an even standing so you couldn't tell if someone was poor or whatever, so it did reduce cases of bullying.   Plus, it gets you ready for the working world where you'll be expected to wear a uniform or dress a certain way etc.
Bananadeath Cobaltpatch. I have no idea why people pretend Bendyourdick Cuminhersnatch is an attractive individual, he looks like Futurama's Kif Kroker.
A language is a system for communication used to express thoughts or feelings.   In that way just about every single animal has their own language
There are a few, but my perennial one is probably *Spartacus*.
Just lose with dignity ffs...
Chick Fil A.
\> channel surfing?  That still a thing people do?
Christina Hendricks.  I just don't get it. I find her really, really unattractive, with a terrible body on top of that.
Batteries
I was visiting Dubrovnik. My first morning there I woke up before the sun and set out with my camera to explore. I absolutely love watching a new city wake up and exploring it for the first time. I watched the sun rise over the Adriatic. I wandered the old town and saw the beautiful pink and purple light begin to light the buildings. I smelled the bread baking in the bakeries and saw shopkeepers putting tables out for breakfast. I felt like I had the whole city to myself. It was pure bliss.
It's a little bit academic/dry but this book about the history of sugar in the English-speaking world is amazing:   [https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/322123/sweetness-and-power-by-sidney-w-mintz/](https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/322123/sweetness-and-power-by-sidney-w-mintz/)  (If anyone has a rec for one on sugar/Cuba/slavery/revolution I'd appreciate it).
If you don’t laugh you cry
I'd be peaceful lol go adventure in it.  An iron man suit would be badass!
I can already buy my own domain, I don't need to add in a blockchain and enough energy to run multiple houses in order to prove it with a whois lookup.
r/memes all they do is recycle shit.
it truly was a shawshank redemption
Scared
I can't blame him for that. If they paid me money I would have done it too.
Not yet, bonuses don't get paid out until March or April.  That's the case with my current company, but also the two previous companies where I got annual bonuses.
Perhaps the person you love never really existed.
The only way to make money off of cryptos is to convince someone to pay more for a purely imaginary item, than you did...screams scam to me.
Don’t worry they can’t stand ....... you either
I thought the point of the internet was to have a viable means of communication in the event of a nuclear war.
I was just defending myself in 1974
My mom was of the belief that everyone else was wrong, always. So there was no need for her to ever change. Or to ever apologize. Ever. Everyone else was always the problem and if someone didn't like her, they were a bitch.   I was like her for a long while. Then I was in a terrible marriage, and as that began to unravel I just had a few realizations about myself and started working on that. I'm still more negative than I would like to be at times, and have a tendency to go for snark in situations it's not called for. But I've been working on it for a long time now (about 10 years), and I'm a lot better than I used to be, and it doesn't negatively impact my life like it used to.   I think my biggest issue now is seeing people's posts on fb about missing their parents at the holidays. I feel bad because I'm relieved to not have to deal with that drama this year. Like....missing someone sucks, but I wish I'd had a good enough relationship with her to have something to miss. It makes me angry.
The Swindler   It’s a Rook, but with a range of two. It has the added ability of placing a single copy of itself to deceit opponents. The copy does not cause checks, and cannot capture pieces, but it can still move, and be "captured".
We had a 45 year old great grand parent to be in our town. I remember her talking loudly about it in the grocery store about how every girl in the family gets pregnant in high school.
I have always assumed that every Canadian has had at least one relative killed by a bear.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Come to Thailand. Solved
Dragon and the frekled princess
I was just reading FDA 483 warning letters and was surprised to see them explicitly say "wheat (allergen) and corn (not an allergen)" while yelling at a lady for mixing her tortilla ingredients  edit: "Your facility manufactures soft flour tortillas (which contain allergens including wheat and whey (milk)) and soft corn tortillas (which do not contain allergens) in the same production area, using shared utensils." [link](https://www.fda.gov/inspections-compliance-enforcement-and-criminal-investigations/warning-letters/saritas-tortilla-factory-inc-617384-11222021)
My baby being born. I thought I was on the numb side when it comes to any feelings but when my baby was born a flood of tears and happiness rushed in. It was like nothing I have ever experienced.
Centipedes/millipedes
A snail
Don’t mind me….  *frantically grabs note pad*
All Twilight Saga books and movies.
Predator, usually as Dutch escapes and evades the predator with the mud, sets the traps for the last battle.....then I finish thinking how did every sequel get it so wrong every time lol
Part of me wants to see a brilliant-cut piece of Granite now
What’s channel surfing?
That’s what it makes so scary 😟   Imagine getting trapped in a frozen world.. and you don’t even know when it’ll ever restart..if it’ll even happen in your lifetime
Making a woman you love genuinely laugh.
Link?
I wouldn't care. But that's because I'm not an uptight cunt who lives their life in accordance with some fairy tales written by sheep shaggers.
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!” - Ruby Rhod.
The real question is after the aforementioned pop should we as a people continue with this type of government or do we try something new?
Thehun.net
I am going on 40 years...... still wondering "what if". Happy for her tho. Married with a son.  was my own fault for being a puss and not saying anything.
Warmth and upkeep
That is tough, because salmon is delicious. Can we convince you to try it again?
Girls can jerk off too!
No murder is criminal intent to end someone's life. Manslaughter maybe. Not likely though because you were trying to help you probably would be safe in the usa. Random smaller countries define murder and what not differently and it messes with stats to make their murders look lower but they may class this type of thing as murder where the usa there has to be intent to kill.
Are their last names "Borgia," by chance?
Avengers:Endgame
Xhamster
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Why is this question aimed at men?
OwO chu wawtched mwatwix?   hOwOw waws it ??
Fedex suck right now. Waiting on multiple gifts to be delivered and they aren’t giving me any updates. Was December 10th ordering, 2-3 day shipping, how can it be so late? I’ll pay extra for ups next time.
I swear to god I remember seeing a version with the "fuck." It's my own Berenstein Bears paradox.
I'm jealous.
Nostalgia
> If your kid dislikes you, your doin a good job  Yep, I absolutely hate my abusive father because he did a great job with me.
"Why do the call you Red?"  "Because I'm Irish!"
I ain’t no daisy
Ive been married for 20 years and I'm not in love.   I've never been in love and never been able to really connect with anyone. I've never met anyone and thought, my god she's the one.  My life is a lie and I pretend to love my wife and I treat her well and she's happy but no one knows the truth.  My one wish is that she would find someone else and be happy because I don't have the courage to leave.  I love my 2 kids. They are my shining lights.
The universe lives for a trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion trillion years. Hardly temporarily
The foetus has the same rights as anyone else.  Also the foetus doesn’t have any more rights than anyone else.  I suggest you ponder that a bit before replying.
Traumatic  Brain injuries can make it impossible to retain new memories
Oh, I got this.. the third row of seats in a Toyota Tarago. My dad and his gf in the front seats. Said I was tired and went to lay down in the back. I was a horny 14 year old who had recently seen his first Picture magazine (very mild R rated porn magazine, Australia).
Because in this country, if I fall in love with a male, me being gay, I'm not gonna be executed, or arrested because I'm gay.
Euromaidan.  I became extremely Liberal, recognizing the value of the Rule of Law, the marketplace of ideas solely guaranteed by Democracy, the socioeconomic betterment of a state by Secular Humanist policies, and our collective duty to fight autocracy.
No sub thanks just cookies
Hey there OP, when replying to a specific comment, use the reply button beneath that comment. If you make a new top level comment as you have been doing, no one can tell  what you mean.
> They're being themselves  That's not how religion works. It's a system of beliefs. You need to be taught these beliefs, otherwise you don't know them. So almost by definition they're embracing someone else's beliefs, which means that strictly speaking they're not being themselves. They could choose that route for mental comfort, obviously, which would be an expression of their true selves.
I’m a black women (Dad is black mom is from Laos in Asia). Black people can’t be racist.
No mam I'm not going to override the IRS and get fired for you.
Bar bathroom
I want to post this petition, https://chng.it/yf6rhyFr but I want to post it in the best subreddit for exposure and where it won't conflict with the rules of that sub
i think one time i did it at burlington coat factory, i forgot cause i was younger when i did that maybe 13-16
final destination, any of them.
I was on a boat with my family, and I saw a confederate flag right next to the American flag. That forest even make sense because confederacy was against America
The one that could possible help is Mushrooms. As the others have commented the rest will likely just cause you other problems and make you feel worse
Fascist!
Yea, just read all the comments in this video, there are so many scams over there:   https://www.reddit.com/r/instant_regret/comments/qy8fee/texting_while_walking_not_safe/hpq605i/?context=3
Typical liberals then?
Look at my comment
Titanic. Rest of the afternoon is shot
Willy Wonka
“Unless someone can’t talk because of work, and they’ve let you know times they won’t be able too”   “Hey, I like you but I don’t like to constantly text, especially at night doesn’t mean I don’t care”   Never said “drop everything and text them back immediately”   Text is how we usually communicate, also reading so if you actually read what I said you wouldn’t have commented that statement.
LoTR any of the three, the Martian
Yeah, it's a Saturday.
A blind person
“Con Air,” hoping it’s before the Steve Buscemi scene with the little girl…
In a car going 90 on the freeway.
While driving on a bycicle in the forest.
Oh fuck.
Well considering I had previously had three cast's sprained ankles  it wasn't that surprising. The only difference was this one went almost all the way to my groin instead of just below the knee
Crypto
Bro, i also didn't solve it medically.   But when you seat on the bed, looking at your dick bleeding out, believe me it's the fucking worst.   Now it's ok, i don't how, maybe it stretched with the injury, never ended up going to the doctor, it didn't break completely, it was a small thing but in that moment if you made me choose to loose an arm to stop i would.   I was lucky it stopped. And I was very careful after, but if it really breaks completely you can get serious problems.   Really. Go make arrangements for that.
Sounds like he got what he deserved. Fucking pedo.
You have tourrettes syndrome where you randomly scream racial slurs.
School of Rock
Communism/Socialism/Democrats
Oh man. That reminds me. We still had some coin machines while I still worked there. We’d stack large coin buckets next to them to collect winnings. That’s not all they’d collect if you catch my drift.
Selfishnes, egoïsm and entitlement
None of them are safe. I’m watching
Oh congrats lol, lucky man
Red Man
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I thought they made shitty money? I’ll look into it though.
BEING THE OLDER SIBLING
Anybody who wouldn't want to do you needs help.   Merry Christmas!
I am always mystified by such tabu in the modern times where same sex marriage is permitted and increasingly seen as normal while close relatives sex or marriage is frown upon. I can see that it is not common and there maybe some health issues for pregnancy but illegality should not be the case in view of other practices that are permitted.
In an Amish barn. While it was occupied.
"Nothing worth having comes without some kind of fight.You gotta kick at then darkness til it bleeds daylight.
I suck his dick with a smile for hours a time
That what you would hope…
I've heard about that. If there is a parent that wants the kid that's different then adding another kid to the foster system.
Frogs, the guy was just shoving them down.
Aliens land on Earth tomorrow
What the actual fuck why would you do that
Damn 1800 calories, do you hit the gym also? Are you losing weight super fast on those calories? At 6,6 your calories could be higher and still lose weight no?
My good Sir/Madam, may i ask upon them the favor to fuck off, please thank you
Gullibility and stubbornness.   Every fish bites a different worm
Get laid
Daym Drops food critic, reviews restaurants and tries new places  BeardMeatsFood competitive eater, goes around to restaurants and does food challenges
Woke up one Christmas morning with all my cats sleeping together! They hate each other usually so that was a treat.  Of course the furnace was out and it was -10F outside so...
But, i can just create a portal out lol
RIP channel surfing
Running water will cover the sounds of whatever is going on in there. Nobody wants to hear you splash & stuff in there (or have the mental image). Especially leading to intimate moments.
Yes, thats right. The regime under Hitler was the first to industrialize genocide, if you can say it like this. But it's true. What I also think is that Stalin wasn't that great as a leader but he was necessary. I think that if Stalin wouldn't got to this historical position as the ruler of the ussr, Hitler may have been victorious on Operation Barbarossa. The cold winters were hard, but the rapid industrailization of the ussr caused by Stalin was necessary to get the nazis to a hold.  So yeah, the nazis have industrialized genocide, but I think that without the second world war and the crimes against humanity that have been done in that time, we wouldn't have the pretty good times today. I think it would've been far worse in terms of equality and so on.  World History of the 20th century is heavily based around the first world war and the results from that. And we can feel the results from it even now in some abstract way. The second world war is the direct result of the first one. Rising of fascism in Germany was a direct result from that as well.   What I wanted to portray with my comment was only the thing that most other bad guys are completely forgotten about in history. At least not portrayed in a light that they deserved as well.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, "Why do people _______?" posts break [Rule 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended. You can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended, or find a new sub at r/findareddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That was great. Thank you for the laughs.
I once dropped a watch into a porta-shitter and the thought of fishing it out was immediately beaten to death by the knowledge of all the shit and cum it now lived with. Miss that G-shock.
The Big Lebowski
Kill Bill
Hot Fuzz is my comfort movie.  I work Nightshifts and my Girlfriend often comes home to find me asleep with it playing in the background.
Aliens
Scp. Period. It's so funny too. "When the d class doesn't die" great post.
That one-piece was like painted on her. I get all hot and bothered whoever I see that scene.
Living forever
That doesn’t sound very funny
Agreed.
We have one account been like that for 10 years.  To each their own.
Look at my comment their is a reason I made this post
Blade Runner and Gravity.  Both suck ass always have always will
when I was evicted, my bf asked his parent to take me home. I had an older brother, and older sister, their mom who "loves me as a daughter", and no one of them wanted to give me a bed, while THEY made it happen (very long story).  First thing my brother told me was to ask my bf if he could get me. I felt so bad about it...  He was nervous. His parents welcomed me that same day, tried to make me comfortable (my in-laws are the sweetest on earth), but I felt so heartbroken... So depressed... I never wanted to leave my bf's room, unless for work or, maybe, eat. Then we bought a car and found a house. We're 6 years together now, and I will always remember that horrible time where he was there, for me.  I love him so much...
An ex gf got really drunk after we went to a club and needed help going to the bathroom and I ended up wiping her ass for her
I have a couple, actually.  World of Warcraft, both current retail and vanilla. I'd been playing since 2007 when I was a teen, never missed more than maybe a couple weeks at a time. The current expansion is the first time I've missed a patch coming out. Think I've missed two by now, it's been like 10 months or something. The community is shit (didn't know till I played FF14 honestly, huge difference in chats), the grind is never ending, the end game covenant things don't share across characters so you have to grind hours per day PER CHARACTER or fall behind. The cap for whatever the grind was always got raised, so no real end in sight, which was disheartening. WoW also suffers from the same one-upping issue Pokemon has - every new iteration, they have to make the story bigger and more dramatic, raise the stakes, do something more incredible, and it's ridiculous now. Vanilla had an even worse community who mistook simple quality-of-life changes for making the game "too easy" and allowing less serious players to enjoy it. Because that apparently ruins the fun of being an elitist in World of fukin Warcraft.  I also hate Scrap Mechanic, but I think I'm being unfair on it. When we played as a group, it was painful. It lagged super hard (apparently fixed a week(ish?) after we called it quits), and the combat just wasn't fun like that. You eventually get a gun, but not till basically the end. Speaking of the end, we got to the last building, fought our way all the way to the end, and the very last elevator broke. We got trapped, couldn't get out, nothing responded to actions, so we just collectively decided we'd done enough, the last boss couldn't possibly be worth it. Lag and bugs aside, it was probably a pretty alright game, but the issues of it being early in release were only worsened by the deep depressive state I was in the midst of. I still hold a grudge.  There's a lot of games I barely played and hated every second, like Hearthstone and Heroes of the Storm, but I just despise the genres and was only doing it for a reward, so even if it was a better game, it'd be a grind that would make it a chore instead of something fun I want to do.
$100, a nice hoodie, nice tumbler mug and a paid day ofd
[Section 377A of the Penal Code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Section_377A_of_the_Penal_Code_\(Singapore\))       >Any male person who, in public or private, commits, or abets the commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years
Mama said life was like a box of chocolates...
> The government is greedy and you know it. America isn’t really a free country without the citizens making the decision  You sound like you're 16 honestly.   > Everything a president says they’ll do they barely do anymore, it’s usually a broken promise.   This is simply not true either. Most politicians do fulfill it try to fulfill the majority of their campaign promises.   https://psmag.com/news/presidents-usually-follow-promises-98726  Also, presidents don't make laws. Seriously if you get nothing else out of this conversation, presidents don't pass laws, Congress does. Presidents don't lie about the majority of campaign promises, they provide their ideal agenda and then try to get Congress to go along with it.   > So please stop replying with your lifespan of politics knowledge, I was just sharing my opinion.  I honestly don't know what you are saying here. And you aren't entitled to ignorant opinions.   > The reason I got defensive is because you started an unnecessary argument.   You got defensive because being told your assrrtion is wrong pissed you off because you're emotionally immature.   > Also do yourself a favor and enjoy life, your entire page is just political shit and it’s kind of sad.  Funny coming from you after you brought up politics out of nowhere in this conversation. And this ain't is the amount I use for that stuff. I've had this account for a while and decided to keep my hobbies and professional subs separate. And I assume you only can that way because my opinions differ from yours. Also, most of your comments are in r teenagers all that explains a lot. Called it.
Look up Geoffrey Spicer-Simson
Django unchained and Inglorious Bastards. I'll admit I only discovered these gems a little while ago.
Random Dude in Vietnam tried to run my grandfather over with his moped cuz he was black n it was a bunch of Vietnamese girls in that town having black babies
Bro stop being a creep
I still roleplay with my Legos
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
There is a species of fly called the botfly that deposits its eggs under your skin and then the larva develop inside of your skin. They grow until they’re ready to hatch and then they burst out of your skin and crawl out and fly away. It takes about 8 to 9 days for the eggs to mature and it  is normally around 10 to 15 eggs per laying but most of them die in your skin because they get squished. They mostly live in Africa and South America and other places where the dangerous things are. Sweet dreams tonight!😉
Uk here, slough, just all of it
Tell me youre off christmas day at least
Are you happy with what you're doing?
Andy Dwyer, not very deep but just someone that can make the show a bit more fun
nope. I want to stay childfree.
Oh, it didn't seem that way. You realize Christianity did *start out* as a cult though, right? Same way Mormonism or Islam did.
Porn, and uber eats
You need to tell the counselor at your school you want to report former persistent familial sexual assault, harassment, and rape. They are obligated to get an officer there.   You are WORTH standing up for you. DO NOT let your Mom or anyone tell you/show you differently. Report her. You’re strong enough, you deserve help getting the “tools” to carry what happened around with you, and more than anything you deserve to feel protected and safe.   Report it at school. Please.
Give them my 4k porn collection
Impressive
netcarshow.com
Immediately kill myself
Porn
Casino. No matter what. It’s not even one of my favorites but it draws me in every time.
Groundhog Day
I have a friend who I love to skype and we both do our own things and just exist as if we were hanging out in person. I would probably skype with her, read, drink hot cocoa, and maybe visit people in nursing homes, since they often get forgotten on Christmas too.
Don't be a police officer in Minnesota
Your post made me LOL.  I am SO going to hell.
Fried Eggplant? I don't know if people actually eat it but honestly it smells and tastes horrible and I have no idea why my family likes it. Oh and jalapeño flavored chips
Gmod
COunterINTELligence PROgram is not ongoing because the nation who it was pitted against no longer exists. The whole point of it was to work *against* pervasive Soviet propaganda. How bad was it? Ever hear about JFK conspiracy theories, War for Oil, or that the CIA created and/or distributed crack cocaine? Yup, Soviet propaganda.
Colonization
>o  i never understand this....both because i am a woman and this has no logic:   1. if it is so mentally uncomfortable, why don´t you use the stalls? 2. men usually build toilets, why don´t you build bigger gaps between urinals when you install them first? (i know, i know, but  there are very few woman builders where i live....so....yeah, men usually build buildings including the toilettes) 3. there are health and hygiene inspectors and officials who are men,so...why not make new standards about urinals if the old ones are bad? 4. am i just prejudiced or are american men especially finicky about close contact and nudity? men in my country are often very casual about it.....and they are pretty homophobic at the same time....so its not like that.... so why?
Jainism seems cool.
What the fuck happened
had to go to school wearing shorts because my pants were wet after the washing machine
Just be who you are
Bc generally older religions tend more toward polytheism,  witch seems to satiate the human need for spirituality. But Polytheism fails to address the fundamental questions of God and its multiple deities dont meet the criteria for creations need of a creator. Monotheistic religions are the only ones that can back their beliefs with sound & solid theology, and stand up to scrutiny. Polytheism fails completely. That's why critics of religion will always draw upon those examples to try and  make all religion seem as  ridiculous or unfounded.
Probably an unpopular one, but I just could not get into the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. I really liked the movies that had Morgan Freeman in them and I’ve enjoyed reading other crime dramas from Tony Hillerman, David Baldacci, and love anything by John Grisham; so I thought I’d really like the Alex Cross series.   I actually was at a flea market and they had a bundle of 5 or so of the first books for $1 each so I bought the whole bundle. I started with Along Came a Spider but didn’t get through more than a couple chapters. It was something about his writing style, I just couldn’t get immersed in the story.
Cooking. It is 13:00 here.
>2 Years ! The bar witch has been searching for him..  Walking towards him ever so slowly never stopping never slowing down, walking. Walking day and night getting closer and closer until the day she arrives. Doesnt matter where he goes bc anywhere he does, It Follows!
Means?
Bankers
I’m always curious about that because while it works pretty well when people are talking without an accent/dialect, fuck me the stuff it comes out with when the AI tries to transcribe a Scottish person is absolute garbage. I wonder if it’ll actually be able to learn to pick up in these things or if it’s too variable.
I never knew 25 year olds could have usernames like Minecraftnoob435
Was looking for this - I’m with you!!
I would say so
In this moment - whore
Gigolo.
Sheep were breed for there coats   If anything most animals we've domesticated and altered would devolve or die out
Thank You… I’ll reach out pineapple pizza soon :
Personally I don't like it. I don't speak for everyone. I like my space.
In the first 5mins of that movie I turned to my friend in the theater and legitimatly predicted the ending. Them being in a national park and everything.
Octopus or squid
Omg this. Wife’s brothers. Absolutely ruined by their mom. One has a learning disorder but could hold a job with even mild structure. The other is just useless because he’s never had to be useful. Both like trees grown in space.
Gmod
“BE EXCITED!! BE BE EXCITED!!”
Raw tomatoes (tomato sauces and ketchup are fine), advocados, pickles (taste aversion from the time I was 4 and ate an entire quart jar and then vomited for two days after).  I've lived in Japan for 20 years now and my incomplete list of Japanese foods I can not stand: mochi, sea urchin sushi, there's a soup my wife and mother-in-law makes that has some kind of gelatinous vegetable the consistency of thick snot. There's more, but that's all I can think of for now.
[Here's what the Federal Reserve has to say about it](https://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/currency_12772.htm), though some states or cities might have stricter laws.
But other countries don’t have access to military grade weapons just because they want to go shoot some targets.
Yu-gi-oh
I’m all about some craisins. I’ll have to try that. Thanks!!
Fish
Omg. Maraschino cherries!  just the sight of them makes me gag.
I was posing for a photo and fell backwards into the fountain at Cumberland mall back in the 70s
Nirvana but if the question was “who had a better album in 1994” then the answer would be Soundgarden. They were probably more popular than PJ at the time, too. Superunknown was the fucking JAM in 94.
Not as bad as some here but someone took a monster dump on the floor of the toilet, just one huge log like the size of your forearm, right in the middle of the room, not even in a cubicle.   Then stuck an empty can of coke in it at a jaunty angle and left it there. It survived for almost the whole day before it was removed.  The phantom proper achieved mythical status over the course of a few hours, and no one ever found out who did it.
The league of extrordinary gentlemen
Aww Sam and Max. That brings back so many memories!
Sir this is a Wendy's.
Someone fapping under the diner table.
Its been a long time since I got high (sigh) but Adderall was better then the normal shit on the street plus it lacks that awful come down. But nothing is better then top end coke. If God made anything better he kept it for himself
4am, got off work, now I’m drinking to avoid the feels
Fun fact 2: In my country, bananas are called yellow fatty beans.
I’m not sure if I’m misinterpreting what you’re saying or if you’re actually spewing anti firefighter rhetoric. Clearly you don’t live anywhere near California.
Classic double standard right here your Reddit name and your comment. Perhaps practice what you preach? :)   If they didn't I wouldn't say it would I?
Ottoman Empire
There's an exception to every rule, including my hatred of oranges, for me it's Jaffa Cakes. British people will understand the awesomeness of Jaffa Cakes.
None
He’s a billionaire going through a midlife crisis and inventing random shit and I think it’s funny as fuck
stop thinking about your past mistakes big and small
Dave 🤔
Flying is the best feeling. And I fucked a lot haha
Explains why it makes my mouth, throat, and stomach hurt.  I thought I was mildly allergic or something
I can’t force myself to eat it.  I’ve tried, to be polite, but the soap taste gets worse with each bite and starts to make me feel sick.  It makes me sad because most of the key ingredients they serve at chipotle have cilantro mixed in, so I can’t eat there at all.  My husband loves the place but we rarely go because there’s nothing I can eat.
Typo in the title of my reddit post
I don’t like Ken Griffin either.
Humans will probably always have questions but I think it’s just false to simply say „everything we do not understand must be made by god“
if that happens it means you don't know how to cook it.
A guy in my class was told to open a window (summer, no AC). The window detached and fell down, and the guy, for some reason, held on to the latch. He died from the injuries. The teacher lost her mind after that incident, and all the windows were replaced to avoid this happening again.
😄😄
so basically what anyone has to do? lol :/
Inventions that came out in the last 100 years
The Ceasar
Eh, in Japan? You're right.  >Just keep your gun violence then :/  What gun violence? I live in one of the safest countries in Europe. I can also carry a gun.
Seems like everyone is getting sick this January after the holidays. Many are getting positive with coronas and tons are getting flu symptoms. Hope everybody is doing well and recovering.
I’m one of those rare morning people
very self-explanatory, it is to love yourself for who you are, and/or take care of your mental and physical health very well
Its more of a "I'm stuck with a baby mama"
Cheese with maggots , called "casu marzu" in Sardinia. Some folks eat It when you can clearly see them jumping around
I’m more strict on myself than a majority of Christians I know. Christians pretend that without God, we are lavishly enjoying the worldly treasures that we would have to give up. Anyone with wisdom (not all of us, hence the need for religion) figured out those set of rules on our own.
This is called God of the gaps https://wikipedia.org/wiki/God_of_the_gaps
Mohammed Ali.
A portal to Poland
Trisha paytas idgaf
As a white man I have none of those problems.  You must be doing something wrong.
Oh nein, unser Tisch, es ist kaputt
I’ll zooqle “has u/DamonDanieli finally pulled some bitches”
Fucked up. Feels like having the ability to accomplish anything but no motivation to start anything.
>’ve been fortunate to try many French dishes.   >   >Most I can doctor home-cook versions of at home but they won’t taste half as good as the original versions because the people who cooked them had decades of professional experience.   >   >I am make crepes and I can make beurre blanc sauce. That’s all I’d need to eat for weeks, honestly.  Some dishes do not require experience. They are easy to prepare :). It should not be assumed that all great dishes are prepared only by experienced chefs. You just have to have the necessary ingredients, a little patience and perseverance ... If one day you miss a dish, you must not give up, that's how we learn :)!
OK well you do you
Health insurance
“What is happening today”   I’d want to see what the news was reporting
A partner
ok
reading this entire thread has given me this feeling
Trying to find the urge to get out of bed on Reddit.
NFT's.
Listening to loud music in public places.
Actually I usually want to go in before the scene is declared secure because I know 90% of the time it’s just bullshit anyway. But I’m not going to make my partner do that. And no one gives a shit anyway. Just another call.
hEDS
Cool character though and one that made all the women swoon at the time, I’m sure...As a kid I loved it, along with Burt’s Cannonball Run....I guess after these it was on to Dirty Harry for Clint...
Pickles.  We used to be given a spoonful of vinegar in daycare if you swore.  And y'all want to soak a delicious vegetable in it and eat it?  I can't understand.
Parenting. Holding people accountable.
My youth
It is very weird and may cause trauma
I generally wouldn't go that far unless the person seems to be reciprocating to the verbal flirting
Zooqle
Recent transplant to the south. I thought I liked mayonnaise. But man... the American south *really likes* mayonnaise. It's one of a few cultural food things down here that I still have to get used to along with nasty sweet tea and goddamn barbecue everything.
TV Writers: WRITE THAT DOWN. WE CAN MILK 9 SEASONS OF THIS!
My dog at the time hated men, (Rescued rott mix used for fighting) he had previously bitten men who've come to close to me. While meeting my dog I warned him and told him to stand still and I'll hold vader (my dog) and go from there. He came in and I was holding vader back. Vader didn't bark or do much of anything, then he broke free from my grip and launched himself at him. I though oh God he's gonna die, this is it, my dog will be put down and I'll be a murderer. But vader started licking him! I was in shock and he was too! Later he saw how vader reacted to other men while in town and vader being in the car. I knew that if the dog who would protect me with his life fully trusted him then I will too.
Coffee from yesterday
3 pm here  Gonna take a nap
 Not very many. One did ruin my mattress wet from edge to edge and she said nothing about it could have used towels and many of them. Still got through it completely never saw something so wet not pissed the bed. Not mad at her should have been felt sorry for her not being with anyone in long time maybe she thought it wasn't going to happen again. Throw it away and sleep on couch till new one.
Fundamentals of physics
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Been there, done that.  I told her that I smell the possibility of her having taken up a buf or something and that this seems highly likely based on my previous experiences and I would suggest consulting the gyn.  I mean, people can get these whatevers from public toilets even, so no reason for shame, but a reason to visit a doc.
Genetics
Coconut
Preparing my sourdough bread for baking.
Pulao 🤢
Examples?
In my case it wasn't. I stopped doing it eventually, completely on my own.
That and in EVERY book you can guarantee the main character will be betrayed by someone they trusted. It’s always so predictable.
Tell me you’re neurodivergent without telling me you’re neurodivergent
Climate Change the biggest scam on the planet ever.
I think it's mostly a personality issue in my case. I'm very outgoing high energy and i enjoy someone a bit more introverted and calm to balance me out. I've been in a relationship 6 years now and it seems to be working for us but holy shit we are opposites
Here's a link to a law firm that cites the Washington Post. I haven't dug much deeper  to get to primary sources.  https://cheshireparker.com/what-we-do/asset-forfeiture/raleigh-asset-forfeiture-lawyer-says-feds-seize-more-through-asset-forfeiture-than-burglars-take  John Oliver also did a bit on it https://youtu.be/3kEpZWGgJks
Oh, is it too much work for your little boy brain? Yah, that’s what I thought. Gtfo.
Great response to the situation on your behalf. Did the cops catch these guys or did they run off in time?
Yup I always remember the saying “merge like a zip”
A piece of advice my friend. Unless the breakup was mutual, take care of the parent who didn't want the divorce. My mom past away 3 months after the separation. It was diagnosed as stage 4 lung cancer, but he symptoms literally showed up days after my dad decided to leave. I know this doesn't help you feel better directly, but I tried focusing on myself during their separation and now I spend every Christmas thinking if I am a bad son for trying to celebrate Christmas on my mother's death anniversary.
Celery is foul. It ruins everything you dip it in. Fuck celery
Mild I guess but sexting women i met online
TLDR
And then he killed the dog.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I miss this…
You’re right. Maybe just a “stop” hand signal?
Obama: dark, strong, and handsome. Has a good heart, but still has human flaws. T***p: Pasty, chaotic, with a stupid haircut. Nope, never mind. Was almost there but trump lacks the principles and discipline of The Joker.
"When and why did google change its name to Zooqle?"  followed with:  "Have we encountered aliens and are they fuckable?"
I choose the entire 1980's. But mentioning that, bad as hair was portrayed, it's the shoulder pads that make me laugh. Every bitch out there was ready to tackle someone.
Sounds great though :)))
"Suicide Booth"
Thank you! My partner gets annoyed when I talk through movies (watching at home). He’ll do this passive-aggressive thing where he pauses the movie, and turns to me all “yes?” That’s why I usually just choose movies we’ve already seen, or put on an old TV show.  Maybe it’s a male vs female thing? Men do have more trouble with multitasking. lol
There aren't any truly logical reasons to believe in something you have absolutely no proof of existing
I like to go with a good old fashioned “fuck you” it’s not discriminatory in any way and seems to fit every occasion. I see you as a person and you can go fuck your self no matter your race or gender ext…. I like to keep it simple
pornhub
It’s a hard yolk for me.
Zombieland
"Iam here to help you"   Math teacher.  10/11/2018
Sweet potato
Killing 9 year olds in Apex. It’s fun
That they are wonderful pets and they bring me more happiness than I could ever imagine. Tell them i love them very much.  Btw, making people think of dying and leaving their pets is kind of evil.
Most of the time I'd either impose my authority (as the oldest) or just leave and think about rebuttals against any possible argument in case it reaches our parents. But sometimes I verbally apologize and make up by giving some cash/treats
Scary Movie 1,2 and Ghost Rider
USA Netflix is so trash
Digital services are untrustworthy. Google Play shutdown has shown that nothing last forever. I've also seen digital music mysteriously disappear from other streaming services and catalogues. So CDs are a way of a perfect backup solution if your digital library is to falter or slowly disappear.  Then there's the physical artwork and lyrics too.
Twitter, we had a conversation about politics that turned in a dinner. That was 11 years ago.
I feel like he's on the spectrum.
Salty black licorice is literally the greatest thing on earth. The saltier the better.  In Finland we put salty licorice everywhere. Some of the weirder ones are ice cream, chewing gum, alcohol, soda or even meat.
Home alone
Interesting, I love the taste of mushrooms (although I have a texture problem with some of the varieties) but I HATE cutting them up.  It's like nails on chalkboard for me
Ban guns. Fuck your second amendment. Just look at the success in other countries like Australia. (Now I wait to be downvoted to oblivion)
She never lets me forget that I was her childhood crush, so maybe dark magic?  But no seriously, we drifted apart when I was 12 and she 11 (I changed churches), fast forward 8 years later I'm at a party and a friend of mine posts a story with me, and friend of her (my now SO) responds with "Is that Akoya_Seishu?".  My friend at the party says "Yeah", they chat, then tells me "Hey, I have this friend I just chatted, she says you were childhood friends and she even had the biggest crush on you, and I went "I have no idea who she is" (I have horrible memory). Fast forward a month, I'm mindlessly scrolling Instagram, remember this story, and send a friend request to this girl. We chat, a lot, I mean from that moment forward she was the person I most talked with daily, we become good friends, by the end of the year I invite her to spend the New Year's Eve with me and my family at a beach house, magic happens, and kaboom.
A day
When you're in the elevator with a group of people and get to the bottom, and it opens, and a handful of people lurch forward to get in. Now we are standing there, face to face in gridlock. During this moment you say to yourself, *how long until they realize they are the ones who have to move or you are not going to get out of the elevator, ever*. Then you see a look of surprise sweep over their face, and then they move back.
The entire Nightmare on Elm st collection but if I had to choose just one it would be Dream Warriors
What happened in the last 128 years..?
Saudi and israel are actually allies.
They're told to, pretty much.  Their Bible says they have to put their god first, that's the first commandment (for Christians, anyway).  Church preaches it and they fear their god so they do.   I don't know about a lot of other religions, but I think they're probably all the same in that you have to worship them above all else.
That 70s Show
Pseudo-Intellectual, I think not. I don’t care if you interpret honesty as crassness, so long as what I’m saying is true.
Yeah, I wish I could tell the story here but you can't even spell so the post will never take off, maybe try again
Spy Kids.
Totally. I thought I was the only person who didn’t like sour cream!
Fuckin’ America
Not on time. Always late. I don’t have the patience for that.
A typical white guy that does typical White guy stuff.
Smooth-brain or mouth-breather are my go to
Use guns
When full grown adults ask everyone they meet where they went to high school. Um, a few states away, why? I find a lot of parents who are totally involved in their kids schools to be like this too. Didn't want to graduate so just had a baby to continue going to school.
In my personal experience, Animal Control.  They have short hours, set parameters with which you cannot possibly comply and then send their phones to voicemail.
Actually i have paid lunch breaks, i remain on call and may have to leave my lunch at the drop of a hat. So no I dont want to chat.
True, but just because I dont understand something it does not mean a god was creating it
https://www.reddit.com/r/LetsNotMeet/comments/da3ivo/i_was_kidnapped_as_a_child/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
uludag gazoz, erdogan, tatli, künefe, ..
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ryyfw9/how_come_healthcare_workers_arent_banding/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Penetrate is an unfortunate word choice
Tell them to watch the movie gladiator, how did that end?
Getting to taste a fruit off a tree or bush in it's natural habitat always seems to provide the perfect, most delicious example of said fruit.  It will make you want to sue the grocery stores for false advertisement.
I had a class on world religions in the fall semester of 2001.  That got weird fast.
“What happened to google”
My husband met me at a desert party, and when we started working at the same job, we took breaks together and talked about parties and mutual friends, rehab, etc (we both had crazy young adult years).   On New Year’s Eve I was working and he offered to pick me up from work and drive me home. I was staying at my parents house and don’t drive so appreciated the offer. When he showed up to drive me home, we drove about two blocks and he looked at me stone cold sober and said “I had champagne at home and shouldn’t be driving, can we go to my house tonight? It’s close and roommates are having a party”  Yes, he was lying and I completely knew he wasn’t drunk, but happy to hang out and avoid my family. After the weekend, he asked if I liked living on the living room floor at my parents house (obviously not) and if id like to stay at his house (Said he’d sleep on the couch in his room and I could have his bed)  That was 15 years ago NYE. It works because we’re both a bit crazy and love each other unconditionally, and we both have evolved into sober (kind of) adults who love our dog and video games.   Having said that, I’ve had girlfriends and they’re so much work. Every so often you find a girl who is truly down to earth and doesn’t play games, hold on to them.
If a POC with such a name tried to act like he does...
Um
I'm pretty sure you're in the majority there. Not many people that I know like it, but certainly probably 20% or so.
I am not a mom but I just say what I want to give. Take it or leave it.
אני יראה לך כשניפגש
I ask myself (and her) this question every day
Under an open grave.  Source- Dexter
He look like a frozen chicken breast with major freezer burn
Popcorn and bubble gum.
Idk  I get that she's still family but I've weighed the pros and the cons... pros outweigh
Ah, yeah you'll hear that here also. Right on, thanks for satisfying my curiosity.
Every country on this planet have things in common.     I'm not really bothered as much as I'm trying to clarify.
A country that’s not really a democracy anymore
anything pre-pandemic.
Zoroastrism because noone gets punished for all eternity
S,
I prefer infinity war over endgame.
Spoilt food
Your honor. Great cast but holy shit they gathered all of the most incompetent writers onto one show. I don't understand how you can make 1 character (Adam) soo annoying and soo unlikeable. The acting from other cast member were also laughably bad.
Work.
Don't even try to defend Debbie, there are no excuses to be as shit of a human being as she is
Pitbull & kesha- timber...makes me wanna commit genocide
I had developed a problem with alcohol, all my friends would meet up in the pub
Absolutely. Xi “nothing happened at Tiananmen Square” Jinping is a terrible person for it.
If you aren't in the habit of spending time with people, why do you want a girlfriend? She's a person you would spend time with. She's not just gonna be a live-in mum or solve all your personal problems.  A girlfriend is just a buddy you have sex with sometimes. If you aren't looking for buddies then you know you can just cut to the sex part with a sex worker, right?
1939
Just got my new apartment yesterday. Had to work overnight and girlfriend decided she would stay there to clean and will let me in when I get off work. Currently 3 degrees outside and it's been 3 hours since I got off 11 hour shift. I'm tired but my body doesn't know cause I'm freezing. Don't get a girlfriend
Something like this happened to me in Florida, I pulled over because fog and water were coming out of my car vents, some Spanish dude comes out if nowhere with a gun, I pull off, he starts following me, I had to do a bootleggers turn in heavy traffic to shake him.
But doing that globally, I think would help
Started playing D&D. Couple years after I started one of the guys brought in a friend from college. Started crushing on him hard. After playing together several months I asked him out. Years later we’re married. He’s currently in bed next to me snuggling with the dog, both are snoring.
Cilantro it tastes like soap
Not me,   But my friend (31f)  She had sex with this guy, call him dave(19m) at a party.  Few weeks later, hooks up with a guy (44m). He takes her home.  Wakes up to breakfast with Dave and his dad.   Two months later...   She met Linda, (37f). Dated for 1 month.  Until Christmas, at her xhusbands house.  Guess who else was there...  What's strange is, they are now a poly relationship. (Not the son, he's moved out)
If I’m going out with friends for dinner it’s even more awkward to just sit there silently for the whole thing. Conversations while eating are incredibly common…
Don't Look Up.
I was just poking fun ! Old man.  I never said anything horrible about his Loved one. I was talking about the other person.
Fair enough.
Movin on up
It's 5 am here. Drinking coffee.
I require coffee to operate in the morning, but a late night coffee will knock me right out
I don’t like Mac and cheese
It might, it will likely not reduce violent death rates though. Not unless you remove the reasons why people kill each other in the first place.
I apologize sincerely - then whatever happens next depends on their reply
Nirvana. Bigger hits and Kurt Cobain's personality. Both great bands but I preferred Nirvana
Eyes - but with a full heads-up display that shows me details about the person I’m looking at
I don’t like Ken Griffin either.
The mammary secretions of other animals, which are allowed to rot, then concentrated and allowed to go mouldy.
Church
Pro tip: stop looking and one will come out of nowhere and slap you in the face with love my friend
I also hate when I hold a door open for someone and they walk through without even a fucking acknowledgment. You're fucking welcome assholes...
Same here.  I now realise he is no better than any of the other mega rich, and probably worse than a lot as he pays little or no attention to anyone else, rather he carries on with whatever his whim of the moment is.  Also, while space exploration is cool the idea of colonising Mars is just ridiculous.  The money could be much better spent on fixing up the planet we've got.
I’m a small town guy so I may be a little biased.   Top 3 cities Oklahoma City Knoxville TN  San Antonio   Bottom 3  East St Louis IL Los Angeles metro area Las Cruces NM
I don’t feel like a special snowflake
Was that the year a load of people were trampled to dead
I waited 2 hrs for my friend. She only text me when I got home that she wasn't coming... :(
My dad. More than once I got the “call dad” vibe one day. I get it once every six months but only “hey call dad”. That day my head told me 4-5 times.   Next morning sister calls and says he had to go to the er. When I got there he got moved to icu as he lost blood pressure. Recently dad has lost two siblings to colon cancer. He went to the er and found out his colon bursted needing surgery. It oddly saved his life in a tough way. Maybe it was the easiest way. But I’ll never forget nor doubt that gut mindfuck feeling again.
Durians! I sleep on the sofa when my wife has some.
In 2020 and most of 2021, I was well behind the conservatives, done a great job with Brexit, and did what they could with covid. But the past 4 months have just been embarrassing for them, I still hope labour doesn't get into office, but I'd prefer English libertarian party (LPUK) to get more seats
It was a female... I believe she must have been one of the first radical feminists. Teaching 2nd graders.
Luck
Skin condition: likes to destroy itself when hot.
I thought zuckerberg was like a synth out of fallout?
Don't know about others but in Turkey it is custom to offer tea, which people accept without any hesitation
My hair probably, long eyelashes and I have a dimple so that’s nice
You can't let that movie go can you?
Dude what are you talking about, do you like or dislike the movie?
Mental illnesses alter one's perception of reality - that's why someone can only sign legal documents if they are of sound mind. There's no telling how much of a decision like that is the illness talking and how much is the person beneath it.
Remember that time Erdogan visited America and beat up Americans using his soldiers while Trump smiled and never did a thing about it? Thanks Turkey.
Ass
Fuck that guy. He is a staunch advocate of ending government subsidies....after getting 4.3 BILLION in subsidies.   I hope he goes to Mars, and fucks off forever.
Curious question: does where you live not have fast checkout lanes?  For example where I’m from we have dedicated checkouts for people who have less than 10/15 items that they can easily go too.. or self checkouts.
This guy maths
If you are a baseball or sports fan, you might know of HOF'er Cal Ripken Jr. My parents became card collectors and would travel the states to go to these card shows. One show had Cal Ripken Sr. there, so my parents got to meet him and his wife. They began talking and my father told Sr. that he had all of this memerobilia of his son that he would like to get signed. So, Sr. took all of it and said that he would get back to him. A while later, we received a package in the mail and to his surprise every item in there was signed by Cal Ripken Jr. This was the first time ever that I saw my father cry. The birth of his son and daughter......not so much, but that was a sweet memory I have nontheless. 😊😊😊
None, it’s love at first sight or hate
I remember Pearl Jam being bigger until Kurt died and then, bam. He was everywhere.
👁️👄👁️
Yes. Statins. Apparently grapefruit increases the potency of the drugs, which in turn increases the risk of a muscle-wasting side effect which is extremely dangerous but otherwise rare. I used to eat a whole grapefruit a day (ate it like an orange) until I had to go on a statin.
You're definitely the guy who rolls up to a call and yells "BSI SCENE SAFE!" aren't you...
No one likes peeps. Besides my mom.
I got plans today in my city so it’s that you want to wake up early to start the day but don’t want to get up feeling lol
Who?
Barry jacking off underneath desk, just approaching the vinegar stroke, when the fire alarm went off...
Talk to girls and don't be a creep.    Honestly, what the fuck is this question?
> if a man does it to a woman he's a creep, sexist, misogynist and a danger to woman.  literally nobody thinks that u fuckhead
No no not at all, I don't think any of that nonsense. You are right it's about gangs but I don't think the cause of gangs is poverty entirely. Single parent households (mainly fatherless), the "glam" culture of gang life, poor schooling with little or no choice. Most poor people are not committing crime so cannot be the absolute cause and plenty of people not in poverty commit crimes.
Olives and Celery 🤮🤢
All of them.
Common interests, doing interesting in your life, grooming, listening more than talking, being true to yourself, understanding relationship dynamics and social cues.   For as much shit as pick up artist self help gets it was where I started out. I learned things that really helped like framing reality in conversations, not being needy, disqualifying yourself as a potential suitor, demonstrating attractive traits, staying out of the friend zone, being playful, starting with brother/sister touching before mutually moving to boyfriend/girlfriend touching.   I have autism and was extremely awkward for all of high school and most of college, but eventually it all came together and with the help of tinder I was doing very well. Not to be too gross, but eventually I kept a changing rotation of girls. It consumed my social life and made me feel sad inside.  I’ve been married for 5 years now. We have 3 kids and are happy.
It's a numbers game.  The more you play, the better your chances.  No means no, and you'll hear it A LOT. Say thank you and move on.  Don't waste time or money on "never rans" and devote to ponies that at least hit the track, if you know what i mean.
Sittin on the toilet
What's the point.
I would tell everyone dumb dad jokes to cheer them up, and one day a coworker asked me if we were friends. I said yes. On my last day, we decided to hang out, and we've been dating for 6 months...
Not a fan of potatoes or anything containing potatoes. It's a pain at this point because it comes with most dishes where I come from
Double dipping. It's like you just spit in the dip you rude monster.   On the other hand, if you really want the whole bag of chips,  just lick one and throw it back in the bag.
Brussel Sprouts
Right?! In Australia, we do the very enthusiastic “you’re welcome!” Or “no worries!!” The heavy implication is “please like me” 😂
If I’m in the aisle of the bookstore and trying it get past your mountain sized backpack, take the damn thing off. Edging forward one inch doesn’t help at all.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) because it did not end with a question mark.  * **All posts must end with a question mark.**  * You must post a clear and direct question, **and only the question**, in your title.   * Do not include answers or examples in the post title.  You can post answers as comment replies when you've reposted.  * Please combine clarifying sentences into the question itself.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules.  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Rule+1+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+Rule+1,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ryyffd/have_you_ever_had_any_instant_regret_moment_pls/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
u/MeguminKunExeplosian
Anti-social entitled behavior has killed the theater for us.  We bought a large screen and we just wait for them to stream it.
Congratulations for a healthier life!  That's awesome.  Happy for you
And America's astonishing death rate has obvious origins....
[The Hebrew Hammer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7FD2xIS1yo&ab_channel=PaulOsborne)      It's the tale of a Jewish crime fighter (Adam Goldberg) who is trying to save Hanukkah from  an evil Santa Clause (Andy Dick).
> those odds have been decimated  Your wording is backward here; "the odds of an adverse reaction have been decimated" implies that you are now *less* likely to have an adverse reaction.  > I will not participate in a society that uses Health Passports  I think this is somewhat disconnected from a decision to receive the vaccine. Whether you get the vaccine or not, you're still subject to a Health Passport system.
I had a roommate in college that had the biggest jar of pickles in her closet. Even more gross as I think they need to be refrigerated after opening. I saw her take a bag of flaming hot cheetos, pour the juice into the bag, shake it up and ate it with a spoon like cereal.  Sooo gross
That moms are more important than dads in pretty much any parenting scenario.
Drinking coffee and watching YouTube
Violence (in all forms) starts with the raising of children. The fact that most of the gun violence takes place in areas with heavy gun control shows that the presence of firearms is not the problem.
I love you
Try an Oro Blanco or Pomelo
Parsley root will make any stew or soup really tasty. Like a cheat code. Very common in those parts of Europe.
I read The DaVinchi code and swore never to read any of his books again. Absolute tripe!
Why not?
How to be frugal. I grew up poor and have a good paying job but I will still never buy brand name stuff. I go to dollar tree for at home basics and canned goods. And I choose groceries based on sales instead of what I'm hungry for.
The idea that anything exists at all. I mean it is somewhat of an abstract thing to really grasp when you think deeply about it.
A gig is what we’d call a concert in the UK, but I’d say it only really applies to rock based music. Could potentially be the same in Australia or New Zealand
I'm imagining a swimming Godzilla. Fascinating.
I’ll have to try that!!! I love cream cheese 😛
is downtown toronto kinda a dangerous place at night?
That depends on the person. Sport, hunting, self-defense, collecting? Plenty of reasons.
The conservatives.
Yeah I just read transfixed for the past 4 hours. It's 7 am and I should have been asleep hours ago... but Jesus Christ.
A male teacher one of his students pregnant, the girl was 18 so he didn't  get fired for that. His wife who was also a teacher at the school found out a attacked him during lunch break. He fought back and eventually the police had to called . Both were arrested and never set foot in the school again.
I am ugly, but I would say that I have at least some intelligence.       That's why a friend suggested I help my now fiancée get a scholarship as a developer. I taught her several programming languages and she got the scholarship. Now i have found my wife for life :D.
Where I live in the UK we still have a Wimpy, and it's the best.
Wasnt that a fully automatic rifle?
Or worse: mail in voting.
Alicia Silverstone is a gorgeous babe
But they still can have babies tho by having a donor
If gun no work, use more gun
The dealer was like "wtf that's fucked up even for me".
I broke one guy’s toy car and couldn’t pay for it, so I decided that avoiding all of them is the best option
Barcelona is an amazing city.
Legion
Or catch up with your long lost neighbor and proceed to have an hour long conversation right when you're blocking me from my cheese.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Surely the more important question::: why??
Raw onions in salads and red raddish. Starting to drool like some starved hyena and makes me feel super nauseous.   Has happened over time, I used to devour raddishes by the pound with no problems.
Gemma Atkinson
happiness  no, really, not because im a good person, but happiness will kill him from inside
Bacon
Ik this sounds very generic and cheesey but literally just be yourself. The right girl will see your worth. Also dating apps like okcupid and pof help make it easy to find your ideal match.
You mean flying monkeys? It’s a common term to describe people who are acting for another to control a targeted individual. It’s really interesting to read about and certainly handy to learn more about it! I believe it was a methaphor from the Wizard of Oz! Flying monkeys often don’t even realize they are being used, and that’s how I have people still stalk me. Once I learned about it, the next I learned was Grey Rocking which gave me the tools to live in peace.
He absolutely was and almost certainly still is.
Agreed with you
Nuts, all of them, all the time. The texture and aroma in my mouth makes me gag. Disgusting.
I am not a native speaker so I dont understand what you say :(
There is objective, empirical data that is demonstrating the vaccine’s ability to stem the flow of COVID cases into the hospital, thereby enabling the healthcare system to stay afloat…   But keep the tinfoil hat on. It brings out your eyes.
Hmmmm. I does need to be a decent size though. Would be frustrating to use a small brush head.
When they started conducting foreign policy via Twitter rants
Kindel?
Well I was in my van she was on the side walk and my basement was recently cleaned so one thing led to another and now here we are
Horse Divorce
Most women can't finish from penetration alone.  So ladies, stop feeling bad about it! And gentlemen, stop relying on your dick alone to pleasure them.
Feed it to starving pigs. Pull nails and teeth out thou.
To be honest there isn’t anything about big boobs that aren’t a problem.
The Intouchables, it’s a very wholesome movie
It's just a personal preference
Bacon! Just ew.
I have the opposite problem. I either don't want condiments or only want exactly one packet and yet I'm given 30 of them. I have to lie and say that I don't want any, and ask for a single sauce packet after I've been handed my food. And I have to leave my hands inside of my car so I can't have multiple sauce packets dropped into my hand.  If I'm honest and say that I want just one of them I won't be given just one of them.
I don't doubt that America makes it far easier to get guns than many other countries with high gun ownership rates. But the point is that it's not the guns alone, it's the culture. If the culture says "Guns are a responsibility, and only the responsible should have them", enacts strict controls to ensure that only the responsible do obtain them, and then trusts that the responsible people will put in steps to keep their guns safe from irresponsible people, then no-one who shouldn't have a gun should get them.  There's nothing in British law that says I can't have a gun if I want one. [There are some restrictions on gun ownership, which are explained here](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2021/aug/13/what-are-rules-firearms-licences-uk) but I could pass most if not all the requirements and get a fun. But here's the thing, I don't want a gun, and if I told anyone I knew that I was applying to get a gun, they would look at me like I had gone mad. The UK's culture doesn't consider gun ownership a constitutionally protected right, it doesn't celebrate me for wanting to own a gun, it doesn't commend me as a proud Brit should I choose to obtain a gun, and it isn't seen as something I should do because it's cool, a part of my heritage, a sign that I can now protect the people and things I care about, or any kind of point of pride.   The UK culture is that most people don't need a gun, and most people go through their entire lives never so much as seeing a gun. There's no interest from many in obtaining guns, and guns aren't celebrated. You're not a patriot for owning a gun, you're not a hero for having a firearm, you're not cool because you have a weapon, and those that do own guns are expected to be responsible for it's safe use, and are liable for any use of it, legal or otherwise.   Easy access to guns is a problem, but it's also the culture. American culture celebrates guns, and this makes people want guns, even when they have no real use for them. Combine this with failed mental health care that's out of reach for so many due to costs, and a media cycle that promotes "us and them" mentality, and stokes the fires of division, and of course people eventually snap, assuming themselves to be the hero of an action movie where everyone else is brainwashed and can't see the big lie that they believe is true.
Yeah, despite my tastes, I can do without cilantro *or* stinkbugs in my java! 😅
Yeah it’s really something you have to try a couple times to get the feel for.
Lmao I ain’t reading all that
You bite your tongue. Tremors is a masterpiece.
Grits
The ability to follow instructions is a very understated but extremely helpful trait to have.  From my experience with computers, if you can read and understand instructions, you have a huge leg up.  For some reason people look at instructions, their eyes glaze over and they seemingly have no idea what to do.
Prisoners can't vote in almost any US states (there are a few exceptions).  In some states prisoners never get their right to vote back.  This is a voter suppression tactic.
Cheese
It’s pretty obvious they were talking about watching a movie at HOME with friends. Nobody thinks it’s okay to chat in the theater, even if they actually do it.
When I was about nine years old I had my first bowl of chili. I was eating it by dipping potato chips into it. This was in the 90s. The chips we had were (for about three days) all the rage. Yup, you guessed it, they were the 'Olestra' chips (for the uninformed, at the time, olestra was a miracle fat that would taste great and not add fat to your body. The biggest problem was, after eating foods that used it in production, say, potato chips, it caused "anal leakage"). Imagine my surprise when I woke up and ran vomiting down my best friend's hallway after waking up to a puddle of greasy liquid poo on the mattress. It was bad.  Now, nothing against chips, I can still eat chips. I've always been an athletic build and I never overdo the junk food. But oddly, to this day, I cannot eat chili. The idea makes me want to vomit like I did down that hallway.
I think the short answer is just work towards being your best self.  Do you deserve to look like the best 'you' in your mind? Yea you do! Have a good hygiene routine. Washing of course, but also manage your hair and moisturize. Dress in the way you want to see yourself in your head. Even if you only see yourself wearing graphic tees and jeans just make sure they fit right.  Will your best self be able to just ask her out when you see her? Probably. So build that confidence and start just talking to people irl. Say "good morning" and "have a good day" to cashiers at the supermarket. Instead of saying "good" when a waiter asks how your meal is going, say "The chicken is dry as hell. I don't know why I go to Swiss Chalet™". Eventually practice asking people out. You will get a lot of 'No's but try different things so you'll know what will make her say 'Yes' when the time comes.  Do you deserve to be honest with yourself? Hell yea. So go on dates and cringe. Cringe like your life depended on it cuz you will be making moves that you'll remember years after it happens. Then go "why the hell did I do that?? Omfg that was so bad". Then wallow in it. Bask in it. So much that you think that you don't deserve love and the world should just end the cringefest that is 'you'. Then realize that that's not who you are. You deserve better. You deserve to be happy and not beat yourself down over trivial things like that. Laugh about it with friends. Just own who you are and she will see what she loves in you too.  Hope this helps. The chicken is still dry.
There's a song that seems to be repeatative club rambling but if you watch the music video it's about [a Lost Primarch meeting the Emperor of Mankind.](https://youtu.be/PZbkF-15ObM)
Never Give up :)
English teacher and sixth form student vanished. Turns out they ran away to France together.
Just don't give your dog cooked bones - they break into splinters that can get caught in the throat.
No, means no.
Overall bad hygiene. Doesn't necessarily need to be personal hygiene (showering, brushing the teeths, combing hair etc) as we all have a bad day or moment in time, but what I can't stand the most are the funky smelling garments, dirty socks, stained underwear, sweat stained shirts etc. Come one, you just took a shower, change your clothes also, it is not for the worst.
The grass is greener on the other side of the fence.
Affordable home ownership.
That is true, but still...is it healthy to worship her?
Tyler perry movies
I was 13 and was broke poor at the time and I tried to get onto this bus to school without paying the fare, but the bus driver kicked me out. A woman just standing at the bus stop, saw me enter and immediately leave and asked what was wrong, I explained to her how I couldn’t really afford the bus and she said “Oh, well a friend is coming to pick me up, we could possibly give you a ride if you want.”   I just said “Alright”, and so waited with this woman for 15 minutes until a car pulls up then I remember “What am I doing? Why I am going to enter this’s random strangers car? She seems nice but I shouldn’t enter a random person’s car” and suddenly the whole atmosphere of this lady turns different for some reason, and so I said to her “You know, never mind I’ll just try the bus again.”  She was kind of persistent like “Are you sure? Like really sure?” and after confirming yes after 3 times she got in the car and left. Afterwards I was able to convince the next bus driver to let me on, but I always wondered what would had happened if I entered that car? Would she and her friend really dropped me off at school?
You don’t tell her. I did this with my ex-wife and she brought it up for years even after splitting. Said it traumatized her and made her permanently self conscious. Was never my intent but oh well at this point. I would suggest a more subtle approach and maybe incorporate some hygiene products or something. Or if she’s just a girlfriend dump her and find one that doesn’t stink.
Spicy food  I know you bastards will calm me weak or pussy etc  I just have not gotten used in eating them I HAVE tasted them before and and I just felt my soul burning in hell   Also fuck eggplants and bell peppers
For a lukewarm "$25 steak".. I don't doubt the story but there might be a little cognitive dissonance here..
People who say y'all
Moskau. Because it's the home of the pizza.
Professor Quiz Whitty (as in Professor Chris Whitty, it's not that funny)
So either be a fortune teller or have the capital to allow you to absorb huge losses.  Got it.
I love their earthy dirt taste mixed with the sweetness.
Hookers give all the fucks
Unsolicited advice: find your strength. Are you better in written communication or face to face? Use that.    Story: there was a guy, autistic, in a group I used to hang out with. He almost never spoke, not particularly polite, no eye contact with me etc. his friend told me he likes me, after some time. I could never tell. I tried to talk to him after, and he would answer with yes or no. Suddenly turn his back to me and go, unusual behavior. BUT he wrote to me to ask something. So we started to speak online. He was a bit weird, but lovely. It also helped to know he didn’t have the usual social skills, so I kept an open mind. I truly liked him and I would’ve dated him in a heartbeat.
By teachers and faculty. Everything is designed for kids straight out of school and they don’t want to deviate away from that as it’s extra work for them.  A few of us adult learners tried to deviate from the course material (with permission) to try and produce work that would actually help us develop as adults and we all got poor grades for it, despite hitting all the requirements as outlined in the scoring material.   It only became more abundantly obvious going forwards how we’d annoyed the tutor and he just gave us trash marks for the rest of the year, despite us obviously working harder and producing work far in advance of the rest of the class. nothing we could do about it.  ‘The nail that sticks out gets hammered’  That was my second attempt at adult education, my first attempt had me ejected from the college for pointing out that a lecturer was spreading racist ideology.
sex workers
Australian here ban semi automatic rifles and large capacity magazines
What about him?
It's the only non spicy thing I know that gives a break from that pizza like flavour without tasting bad on pizza.
because he keep sucking my dick
My white noise machine stopped working
I don't have a girlfriend any more, I have a wife. I've had many girlfriends (I was a good looking lad) and it's easy enough to keep them if you're both willing to put each other first but at least treat each other as equals. I've never met a woman that didn't appreciate being equal in the relationship, everyone loves becoming someone else's first consideration.  Myself and my wife have 4 kids now so the dynamic has changed but we ensure we spend a whole day together once a week, just so we remember what we love about each other. It works well for us.  I met my wife in a club, she plied me with jugs of cocktails, she tried to match me drink for drink, I was about 16 stone at the time (still in the army so I looked chiseled), she was about 7 stone. I'm 6ft 1.5, she is 5ft 4-5 so there was no chance she would out drink me but I respected the effort.  It's weird what makes me respect people, it's never the same thing between different people but I had a very odd life up until I met my now wife.   My advice: don't look for a girlfriend; that way lies the worst relationships I've ever had. Let it happen naturally, don't force it. Don't close your mind to anyone; be open and you'll notice qualities in others that you might not have realised you were attracted to. Most importantly; treat this woman how you would want your favourite sister to be treated by her partner.   I wish you luck.
"People not from X country, what's the first thing that comes to mind when you hear X country"  Stop. It.
Very unpopular opinion but I can't stand rice. I don't understand how people can eat that stuff, it ruins a perfectly nice curry.
Lol, toward the end when he is flooring it and the car is going like 15mph
Wine.
Kid was bored.
Getting into a perfectly made bed with clean sheets on a cold night.
Ring a ding ding this is the king
I used to get up early on Saturdays for that cartoon. It wasn't on for long, but it was one of my favorites when it was.
the H bc Requiem for a Dream
I failed Calc 1 twice.  Barely passed Calc 2.  Fast forward about 5 years and went to community college in an attempt to finish my degree.  Aced pre-calc, then aced Calc 1, then aced Calc 2, then aced Multivariable Calc.  Unfortunately at that point the teacher retired otherwise I would have continued.  He was a great teacher,.. and at that point I decided to stop as well.
They would find it easier to evade molesters and other such predators.  Things would be easier on them for that reason, I believe.  But that means that it's very likely that blokes would evolve this adaptive mechanism as well, since we all have at least one X chromosome.  **edit**; had to remove a part for inaccuracy.
Avoid social media. Read lots of books.
Ah, nice to see someone who actually understand Swiss gun laws! Are you Swiss?  If you see it like that, I agree. I'm Czech, our system is a bit different because you do need a licence but then you can buy basically anything. And the licence isn't that hard to get, even for self-defense, and that automatically allows concealed carry.  We can also get suppressors, laser sights, and hollow points easily.  The problem in the US is that even such systems would be full of holes and wouldn't solve much until the tackle the real issues.
Anything government. Dmv,etc...   Get the right form? I don't care what they gave you, this isn't it. Well, go get it then. It's in that line.
Cable news
Moved to a new town so I joined a cycling club to meet new people. Met a girl. Thought she was interested in someone else, but I asked her out anyway. Turns out she wasn’t interested the other guy so she said yes. Long story short, now we’re married and our second kid is due in March.
Yes I can absolutely understand that, but I really want to know why people would say „god is the best“ or „The biggest love I have/receive is god“ when they never met him and have families and friends who show them their love every day.
Shrooms, they literally grow on shit, taste like it too.
Lynette Culver (another victim) was also 12.
TSA
I was agreeing with you.
Enter the matrix and Spider-Man 1 the movie game for PS2
Rocket. If it’s in something, I can’t eat it, even if I pick it out. The flavour is still there.
That’s because when we say a guy is hot, it’s not followed up by someone violently raping and strangling someone in the bushes. I really am starting to get upset with this butthurt over a double standard that is being horribly oversimplified.   It’s never been a problem to offer a genuine compliment on either side. The problem is that men have been saying and doing horribly inappropriate things for so long that we are 1- automatically defensive and sensitive 2- royally pissed off about it 3- frikking tired and 4- no longer able to accept compliments in a healthy manner. Because those compliments were not actually compliments. They were consistent harassment and abuse.   And now men realize it’s not ok and that’s great. And they are improving and that is also great.   But they still have no freaking clue about what they are entitled to comment on or have an opinion about because they assume they are entitled to everything.    How entitled do you have to be that your biggest problem is that you can’t just say whatever you want to whoever you want without consequence ? You are going to die if you don’t tell that lady on the bus she has sexy lips ? You know what I hear when a man compliments my lips ? That boy in the 7th grade that mashed me against the wall and ground his pelvis into mine while he whispered in my ear “those are the best cocksucking lips I’ve ever seen”.    So if your feelings are hurt that you can’t compliment my lips, why don’t you go and find THAT guy because he’s the one that wrecked it for all of you.
Q-Force and Stranger Things   Also high crimes
Pacific Rim. Terrible story. Great action. Terrible acting (apart from Idris and Charlie). Absolute  trash but i love it.
Noรู้ครับ
I’m not really a fan of mangoes
Teacher found two people in a locker room  "What the hell do you think you're doing?"  "Ummm... Necking, sir"  "Well get your bloody neck back in your bloody trousers and bloody well go home!"
how do u get a first date in the first place🙄
In winter you can always put on more clothes to keep warm. But in summer, there's only so much clothing you can remove to cool down before you get arrested.
Fight club. A movie for losers
I live in Tasmania and we have Tasmanian Devils in our area, which apparently eat everything. So I'd leave it out for them. I'd try to find an animal in your area that would do the same, otherwise chain something heavy to it and dump it in deep water. If that's a no go, burn and bury.
Yes but leave off the human trafficking.
I personally prefer a glass of water, which I always offer too but most people tend to opt for a tea or coffee in my experience.   I don't drink a huge amount of tea or coffee but I do enjoy both, it's more of a once or twice a week thing for me most of the time. I will say though that if you're doing heavy lifting I can imagine a caffeine boost would be helpful when you factor in a long day of driving to boot.
Startup underground illegal sleeping dens, where I front as a movie theater, giving people a safe space to get nap time.
Comcast.
Because there are many things around us we depend on but don’t understand, so it’s comforting to think that someone watches out for you.
Borat is just a great movie.
Shit was hard, I end up replacing  it with different  drug which landed me with jail time.  I od trying to speedball ( meth and coke). Woke up handcuffed in hospital and  went through twin towers intake ( la county central jail) , I had to get my shit together. Prop 36 helped me
Some single guys at work were talking about dating... It reminded me how much work it was to try and find someone.    It's so much easier to cuddle up on the couch, eat some takeout with the wife, and laugh at silly tv.
That It’s too cold for me, & it rains a lot in if you choose to reside in British Columbia even though it’s beautiful.
Its 11:44am here
High Speed Chase
That it is okay to eat my body until the neighbors notice the stench.
Have a cado.
Yes yes you are
Really despise egg. It's obviously ok when mixed in as an ingredient but on it's own. No thanks.   I also want to gag when i drink any beer. Cannot understand how anyone enjoys that.
Wait I have another: you shouldn't be texting while driving. That's a given. But for the love of all that is holy, if you are the lead car at a red light PAY ATTENTION TO THE LIGHT. Some lights are short and all of us need to get through it. Update Twitter later.   I take my line leader duty seriously.
Looking up ulnar nerve entrapment.
I don’t know any big incidents but  A kid had a seizure during first period   One girl got arrested for I think drinking in the bathroom   A fight broke out  All on the same day in that order
While *Citizen Kane* wasn't actually set here, the exteriors for Xanadu, Charles Foster Kane's palatial Spanish Revival mansion in Florida, were shot in my home town at the local civic park.  The most famous movie to be both shot on location and set here is probably *Top Gun*.  Another local bit of trivia: the book, and hence the movie, *Fast Times at Ridgemont High* was based on the author's experience posing as a student at the same high school I went to.
It seems to be a very American phenomenon that we noticed on our road trips in the before times.   The words most people say after being thanked  are “You’re welcome”
I’m so soft with spice and/or heat but I still shake my head when my mum says capsicum is too spicy.
Depends on who I am talking to.
Thank you, kind redditor!
Cleavage
True. You can either have all a little, some more, or one a lot. Once you had one gf, it gets easy after that.  I am a late bloomer myself. Started at 22, thought I was hopeless. Now I'm 35 and I got used to rejecting women.
Jengkol
Debt free
Sounds like Eloi, from the movie the Time Machine. Looks like an alien. Makes sense that he’s the richest man on earth.
You're 37. In 100k of student debt. 50K of car debt. And 250K of mortgage debt on a condo apartment you just bought. You're gonna have to work and no a rich guy isn't going to marry you and pay your bills.
Botox makes them look weird not younger
Somebody is getting their retirement early!
I brush my teeth everyday
He’s just another man with too much money.
Pls respond
I think most ribs are fine if you cook it well enough, but chicken wings and drumsticks can feel a bit weird sometimes.
“Ooop! Sorry :)”  And if they’re the one to apologise then I tell them not to be sorry it’s ok!
Mushroom soup of course.
Turkey. The one you eat.
I used to call it rock n’ roll but today Marilyn Manson is considered industrial. I have no idea why. Other bands who are associated with him, I don’t like. The Doors-what are they considered? Green Day is punk. That makes sense to me. Flogging Molly, I love them but don’t know the genre.   My favorite music apart from a few random artists, is classical…opera more specifically.
I started to focus less on getting a girlfriend and more on bettering my life situation.  And bam, turns out girls are interested in guys who  - have a life they like - make enough money (I don’t make a crazy amount but I can pay the bills and get a toy or 2) - have time to do fun stuff  Of course at a certain point you have to put yourself out there and start going to places where you can meet people that aren’t family or roommates, but without a solid foundation, you won’t be able to keep people interested in you.  This is a multi-year process and not easy but it is doable.  Best of luck!
I do open them.
The question is not whether they can or not. The question is why would they?? Earth is already populated. But there is nothing wrong in keeping hope. Immortality is impossible right now. But it would be good if it comes in some time. Reviving is harder than immortality. We can create something like reverse aging. You know many things can be reversed.
Yeah, i couldn't cafe less either
Don't know the guy, but I just feel like he is being hailed as some tech Messiah or something.
27
Foyble Altamont Dowers
Dress well
Same. It's now 7 am and I've been up most of the night
the splitting in general, I felt like they were still together because of me and that filled me with guilt, because all I could hear of was only fights and insults they three at each other.
Moms and wives
loaf bread
Squid Game. Lame ass ending.
Baby don’t hurt me
This is the most Reddit post on Reddit
Okra. Not really pleasant to mouth. Feels weird.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 3 in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-):  * **Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion are not appropriate.**     If there's a topic you'd like explained, consider /r/explainlikeimfive, or for a simple question with a simple answer consider /r/answers.  Be sure to read the rules to be sure your question fits in a subreddit before posting.     If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ryyeiv/is_fastforward_culture_a_real_thing_listening_to/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
1. Don't rush anything. It's not too late to accomplish your goals. 2. Have goals always. No matter how big or small. 3. Be happy with who you are and don't base your self worth on others. Other people will come and go, you have to live with yourself forever.
Choqueè maqawk
The Good Place.  When I first started watching it I thought it was supposed to be a lighthearted comedy.  I hadn't really looked up what it was about and had only seen a preview of the first episode.  I had no idea how deep it would go about goodness and the afterlife.  It was great.
Rapunzel
Sufis, rosewater, flatbread, pilaf with lamb & chickpea stew, the Topkapi, beautiful blue water.
That's not really true, lol. You listen to too many pick up artists if you think that.  And pick up artists are terminally single.  Being fit and healthy is just one aspect you need to improve on yourself with, but it is an important one. Obviously you can't just grind the gym and expect to magically get a girlfriend. Personality is still important. I promise you there are shorter and uglier guys than you without money that have happy relationships because they're fun, interesting, and can take care of themselves.
[Nervous, by Madi Diaz](https://youtu.be/04eNQal1qmQ)
On the Road by Kerouac as he originally wrote it. It was a steal of consciousness account of hitchhiking from NYC to San Francisco. The problem is that he wrote it with no paragraphs. I never realized how important they are
The entire nation of France:  *SO YOU HAVE CHOSEN WAR*
I just ejaculated all over my sheets and I had to take them into the laundry room
Oh yeah, bad and lazy writing in Hollywood is of course all because of what you call "wokeness", and not at all something that’s been there since forever. You do know they made absolute crap movies in the 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s and so on? But today 98% of those movies are totally forgotten.
European football (soccer)
I mean it's not like we're blood related
Embarrassed by how many intelligent people I've worked with consider him one of their peers.
By not posting things like this on reddit. Lol
the AAA gaming industry lmao
Game of thrones
Those wonderful blow up backpacks with flowers in the pockets. Quite useful as you can see I have nothing of value so no point stealing my unattended bag
Hooker
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Kindness
This was one of my favourite movies when I was 6.
*Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead*  Gotta love some A-tier Troma trash.
I’m not really a big fan of roller coasters. I have been on them plenty, but I find being out in nature to be far more fulfilling. Don’t be scared my friend. Learn to let go of that fear!
Politician
I know people who don't wash their hands after pooping.. I win..lol
Raw onions. Especially the red ones. If I bite into a red onion, I can't taste anything else I'm eating and it seems like a day before I can get the taste out of my mouth no matter how much I brush my teeth, etc. I assume it's a kind of genetic sensitivity.
Hey. Don’t.
6 years. Strangely this is also the most successful I've ever been. No reason to look back. :)
No im not 😄
You could be onto something, I absolutely love grapefruit 🧐
Ha ha ha, what a story Mark!
Gosh you're shellfish
Knowing just how upset your dog becomes when you leave the house for any reason. When i am not working, i take her everywhere i can so she isn't unhappy. Luckily for her and i both, she is a Morkie, thus she is a tiny dog. Most places don't care if she is with me... but i also don't take her places she really shouldn't be at.
Anytime someone spews shit  like this but covers it with the pretext “I’m not democrat or republican” they are almost always Republican or republican leaning
Save scraps in the freezer until you have enough to make something. As for actual waste like bones, etc you just have to throw it away unless your community has a program to use that type of food waste.  I used to live in a community that would pick up food waste for the pig farmers.
I’ll even do this as a passenger if the driver failed to
My grade 7 to 9 math teacher table sawed his hand 4 times in 3 years.  Gr 7 totally normal hand  By gr 9 it was mangled stump with all his fingers disfigured and sewen together.  He was a nice guy but we started to take bets on when he would come to school next with his hand all bandaged up.
Famous people's babies.       I barely even care about my friend's children, and I'm supposed to care about Princess Kate Beckinsdale or whatever's?
Can I have some?
I used to beg to watch this every day when I was a little kid!
This is probably the best take. I'm not willing to call him a sociopath (not affirming that he isn't, it's just a really high bar) but I know he's on the autism spectrum and has a lot of trouble with empathy.      I love that he's willing to take on the figurative and literal moonshot. It's guys like him that drive the species forward but his ethics leave something to be desired.
Nothing.
Red Dead Redemption 2, it was masterfully written and beautiful.
Definitely Blurred Lines. Lyrics sucks ass but the beat plays in the mind on repeat.
I made a joke about being fucked on their period... She's was discusted. But she remembered me next time we met. We have now been together for 2 months.
Trim your beef
6am here, and I'm at work early, in the break room, waiting to clock in for work.
What are you doing up at 7am on a Saturday?? Lol
Do porno's count as movies?! /s
In Germany, there are "civilian" versions of millitary rifles that only lack the full auto option. Semi still availible. And you are obligated to only use them with 5 shot magazines. But it is super easy to buy and apply a conversion kit. I know people that have the conversion kit "somewhere in the house".
That’s a common and beautiful experience. He came forwards in a way that let you know despite the grief you would experience at your Nonnas passing, they were all together, all loved and safe and well (and your dog was being very looked after too). Very comforting.
I like to do this. If I’m buying I don’t want to stress others about the price, making them feel uncomfortable, or whatever. So I pay for the bill after.
because i love every weather :)
My English teacher joked that I shouldn't do a psychology degree because I need to listen more than talk. I've used that degree for the past 12 years. I heard you loud and clear buddy
Student called in a bomb threat and we all had to go outside and wait in the football field during the dead of winter while the Police searched the school. Turned out it there was no bomb but I think they did trace the call to the caller and found him.
Can I get this on a t-shirt
RCHS IN VA?!
Omg.  You're right!  It looks like someone just stuck a pineapple in the middle of a yucca plant.
Burgers. Specifically the tall “dirty” type that’s basically the only food on the menu the bar won’t fuck up. Somewhere a chump with full sleeve tattoos a beard, a high fade and a backwards baseball cap is about to force one two handed into his fucking cake hole.
Ban guns
You absolute misogynist, women dont stink, only men does /s
Oh my god, wtf.
Love the dude! He's weird, but the kind of weird we need on this planet to advance as a civilisation. Would love to talk to him one day.
At once?
Damn you're right i didnt get it my bad
Cucumber hate is often genetic   https://discover.hubpages.com/food/i-hate-cucumbers
And garlic + onion in oil or butter being fried up. Will make any guest wonder what’s being made
Ask everyone you know to set you up. All the parents and grandparents of friends. Have only two rules on a date - have fun and get to know the other person. Don’t think about a gf or anything else, just those two rules.
Same but you learn from that, 2nd time around is better since you know what you have to do
Looking for your mental and physical health regardless if you feel good or bad in the process of it.
Which one
First knight - say what you will about the rest of the film, the sword fighting is rad.
ลองคิดดูก่อน
35 years and counting.
Therapy
I'd be a war criminal, worst kind. W/o sleep I'd be worse.
Music
Oh no :,(
Would you say is is an easy language to learn per say or it’s made easier by the fact it’s everywhere? I was thought I read somewhere that because a lot of English words rhyme it made it harder to master.
Illegal is bitcoin.
Wanna share with the class your boarder agent experience? For educational purposes of course..
You
Yes my friend, it’s all true. We also used to have monarchs and to fight wars on religious ground a long time ago. Also, I heared from our leaders that we have regulations on what can or cannot be used in food production: that’s why mcdonalds here seems to be better than in US 😂
Relax man, you don't need 20%. That's like 70k for me which is just unrealistic. Don't stress
Tailor?
They straight up torture kids.  https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/culture-news/life-and-death-in-a-troubled-teen-boot-camp-31639/
Same here.
TikTok
The Alhambra
Slept in on my day off, time to get up.
Mayo
A replicator then I'd have food.
They will re-release the original Gameboy at some point, mark my words.
Nah, as long as you pull the teeth. Costs about 2 grand when I'm from.
Many Banks and Financial Institutions require Fax or Hardcopy mail for certain documents.  Apparently there are some SEC regulations that haven't caught up with e-mail docusign.
stinkybutt
If you're European I think you should know that European contrys have things in common, if that's what is bothering you. Paying for toilet, half opening the window, and stuff like that. But anyways, thanks for your time, I hope you'll have a great day.
I'm not sure how but in all of my life, this is the best description of celery thus far
YOGURT IS DISGUSTING, all types of it.
i actually lol´d at the title :D
Ya jammy git
Miami Vice.
I would but now that covid is a thing. It’s a bit harder.
There was this guy that used to post every day that if a girl got kicked in the vagina it was as bad as a guy getting kicked in the balls and kicking guys in the balls wasn’t funny
1 bottle Eagle Rare Bourbon. 1 bottle Four Roses Bourbon.  1 bottle Siempre Tequila.  1 bottle Richland Rum.   In short: we gonna fight.
Coffee and bacon.   To be fair, i don't like most things that are super popular... but out of all of them, I just can't understand coffee and bacon.
Found her on eBay....  As in she won one of my auctions of some merch from a franchise we were both into, we got chatting over eBay messages about it, moved onto calls and texts before meeting.  That was quite a few years ago now and it didn't last but probably the oddest way I've met someone. I guess you can never tell what's around the next corner to use a well worn clichè.
Many would starve, others would die from nuclear plants leaks and meltdowns. Predators would finnaly make a comeback and the rest of nature would balance out. We really are a cancer to most of the other living things but hey we are here.
lmao no.  if it weren't for white people, they'd be stuck in their shitty jungle/desert, uneducated and primal as fuck.
Bold of you to assume I’ve had sex
You've met my mum
blowing out the candles on my 178^th birthday cake.
Nonno is grandfather in Italian.
They are nice bikes I used to have one
having to correct all the tiny behaviors they develop because you dont know how to take care of a dog properly
MILK is pretty close to MILF
Zuurkool bro
Halil Çelik
Lol I think you’re underestimating how long ago 2007 was tbh, someone who was 15 year in 2007 will be going on 30 this year
Star Wars prequels, give me that nostalgia drug baby!
When instagram was actually a photography app
Haha, nope! Massachusetts born and raised. Everyone says my mom’s homemade apple pie is the best their had, but I hate warm apples; both the taste snd texture are blech to me. Love raw apples though!
Wow, wtf, people do that? Sounds so weird, but hey, go all out 😊
He's an idiot
God scales higher.
WHAT?
Fuck i did miss it...
Waiting tables at restaurants across the street from each other. Hostess at my joint (Fancy ass Italian) said that a girl across the street (German Pub) had asked about me. So I wandered over after lunch shift and asked if she wanted to grab a bite and off we went that Wednesday afternoon. Went to dinner Friday and hung out that night. She invited me to her place for pizza Sunday and I stayed over, forever.  We know have a ton of kids and grandkids and are looking at retiring. From first date to moving in...5 days...to now....almost 40 years.
The random bursts of barking at absolutely fucking nothing
Here is 13:00. I will have lunch soon
This one is by far the best.
Showgirls
Even though I'm not one anymore: I'm Just a Kid by Simple Plan.
Me. Wear a mask
Shrimps or crabs
This post got dark quick. 🥲
Ask your friends to make a reunion with several single people, have them play a complicated game and break the ice by seating next to one of them to teach her the rules, keep talking casually and telling her about yourself so that she becomes interested while also asking her about hers (with follow up questions) to show your interest and ask her out.
Yes, and let's not forget the cart is near one side of the aisle, they are on the other side, and their outstretched arm traverses the middle. Nobody, but nobody shall pass.   (this is when I walk up, take a deep breath and stand there telling myself this is an opportunity to slow down and relax. Just when I start to feel that way, they look up and say, Oh, I'm sorry, in just such a fashion as to make you feel like *you're* the one who was kind of the a-hole)
The fat is like the best part of any steak. I conserve it so I can have some with every bite of meat. Mmmmm  just drooling thinking about it tbh.
A bunch of students managed to climb to the roof of the school (when parkour got famous in the 2000’s) and 3 of them fell to their death when climbing down
YELLING EVERY WORD IN EVERY SENTENCE
[Love my way - The Psychedelic Furs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGD9i718kBU).
Omg that so cool
Mine too!!! There’s at least two of us!
23 Years. Then I had my first sex.
I was very curious in the book at the time because i like BDSM and the book blow up. Read half to the first book. It is so shit
Well, chicken and fish atleast have something for your teeth to go through. Biting that fat just feels like biting a hot eraser haha.
Tbh still not sure, but don’t tell her that!
Cilantro.  I’m one of those people for whom it tastes like soap.  Whenever I get something and I didn’t realize it had cilantro in it, it’s so disappointing.  I’ll still eat it, but... dang.
That's cool!  To have that amount of patience for something you love. What do you do know if you don't mind me asking.   Native cultures know exactly what does what. For example, saint John's wart has been used for centuries for it's properties.  i doubt they would the chemical components, more that it's   magic. All that trial and error must have been horrific lol. I really wish there was a more  mainstream focus the medicinal properties in plants as treatment for ailments. Some of the potential drug interactions of wild plants are deadly. Like using Coprinopsis atramentaria has potential has as means to stop drinking alcohol.  The Coprine in the mushroom stops the metabolism if alcohol which will make you sick.
It's 1am for meeeee.
Very helpful thank you 👍
If you have not already. Please look up and enjoy the Jim gaffigan sea food bit. He agrees with you about lobster tail = big but.
And I hate when I'm in line and someone is at the till and has their phone out, clearly not paying attention
Probably the thought that someone loves you no matter what gives them comfort.
Pops mouth bubble* No
Cereal.  It's the milk that requires a spoon
Delicious on meat, I love a burger with. Bit of blue cheese on  Funnily enough I also absolutely hated it as well, and randomly one day decided to try a blue cheeseburger and never looked back
Religion.
I asked a friend to date me and he agreed. Now we date
Yes I understood that much
Girls are attracted to money, power, looks, charisma, things,... Just get yourself some of those and they will line up.
My friend (not so close) broke up with his girlfriend cuz one of his close friend asked her (the girlfriend) to be his girlfriend because they were taking a break through Instagram and at that time her phone was with her friends and they thought it would be fun to say yes to the message which my friend (the boyfriend) found it except that he didn’t know that the one who said yes was his girlfriend’s friend and not his girlfriend and got really mad that he started calling her a sl** and a wh*** a lot and she(the girlfriend) tried to convince him and say that it was not her fault but he didn’t even listen and she (the girlfriend) got really sad and drunk all her dads alcohol (finished approximately 3 bottles fully) and was so drunk that she saw a perfume bottle and thought it was alcohol and drank it and then FaceTimed another friend of mine (not the ones mentioned above) and while she was talking with him she coughed blood and my friend immediately called her elder sister and informed her and they took her to the hospital and the entire school knew about this. She is alive
To be honest.. Ketamine.. why? I’m one of the ketamine shaman
It's 9pm here
Kindergarten: a girl died of a cardiac event, sitting at her desk. She wasn’t in my class, but we were in the same grade.  Fifth grade: during summer break, a girl died of an aneurism while on a trip with her family.  Sixth grade: a girl was killed when a train hit her babysitter’s car. I can still hear the screeching of the car being dragged down the tracks.  10th grade: a boy died in a solo motorcycle accident.  11th grade: a boy committed suicide.
[Technology Connections](https://www.youtube.com/c/TechnologyConnections) is a favorite of mine.
Ice tea   The taste just make me wanna die
:bonks your nose with my nose: hi
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I guess so, yes. In this Moment i just thought "if i decide to do it, he cant force me" which is pretty stupid.
That apparently it's important to talk about race and it's only by talking about it we get closer together.  But if you're a straight white man and you offer an opinion on the matter, you're shut down immediately and they say "well easy for you to say as a Straight White Man!" And then demonise you afterwards. Like it's now a crime to be a straight white man it feels like sometimes which is really sad considering we're all meant to be closer together.  So much for being in this together.  Another one being, women flirting with a man and saying absolutely anything is okay, but if a man does it to a woman he's a creep, sexist, misogynist and a danger to woman.
Apples - Im allergic so … Im not going to die for it.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
You’re a pedo
Chloroform and some rope.
Yes, calling someone a liar, thief, con man and traitor to America is NOT civil discussion.
Candy
1 pm here. Counting birds and been on a walk already. Now getting something to eat.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I haven't noticed that, communist
Drinking coffee, scrolling porn on Reddit.
So more people with guns means less gun violence?
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Level 26 in world's hardest game.
It’s rarer but I’m not sure if it is rare because blind people already are a minority or because it is rare due to blindness and experience trauma differently.  [This is an interesting article about a blind PTSD patient.](https://www.priory.com/psych/ptsdblind.htm)
Inner core
If someone in the room is directly speaking to you put down your phone.
They don't live very long. And when they die it is worse than when a loved human dies because they are so integrated into your life.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
At some point I realized that I liked the idea of it more than the actual feeling it gave me.  I didn't "give up" I just never bother to buy it anyore.    And it's almost too strong these days.
Mcdonalds
Dana Carvey's *Master of Disguise* was... not... a great movie. But if there's an equivalent term for 'cult classic' for a single - But entire - household, it was certainly that. We watched it several times, we counted to each other regularly.  As teenagers we even hosted a watch party for this stupid movie, a costume party that everybody was 'too cool'/lame and insecure to dress up for. "I came disguised as myself."  Except for two: one disguised herself as a strawberry. But the other.... he used rope to tie himself to a mattress, pillow, blankets etc and came disguised as a mobile bed.  So anyway this is not a good movie. But it is a good memory.
Cat's in the cradle
Everything that Die Antwoord has ever recorded!!!! check out their song Scopie  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMSftDitHps
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I'm exploring behavior of other people. And english. I'm improving my english skills rn
Yeah, I was going to say Spain too
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Paying off a debt!!
Mars attacks
Between 1:00 and 4:00 pm. I can post something first thing in the morning or late at night and get nothing until my stupid envelope lights up orange with messages during those hours.
bring back westwood and bullfrog :'(
Canary Wharf, Bank, London Bridge
Hanukkah
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Local food in my country. Some I like, most are just not for me
กินข้าว
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Yea I dislike it to when people say such things to be polite. Btw I asked because you said in you initial comment you were taking notes of things you saw in this thread and I was curious as to which things. As you know we live in world which is made for neurotypicals but we live with neurodivergents too. I wanted to hear your feedback as there might’ve been things I do that makes in unnecessary hard or annoying for neurodivergent folks. But thanks for answering!
I am an absolute chocoholic…I’ll inhale anything chocolate. You couldn’t pay me to eat white childcare. The consistency, the smell, the taste….the worst.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I'd die from heart disease
It’s 10pm
Hypothetically as in you have access to the necessary resources? Piranha etch. Mix a solution of sulphuric acid and hydrogen peroxide, bonus points if you heat it and stir it. It’ll reduce the entire body to a nothing but carbon in the solution within minutes. After that just dump a load of baking soda in until the PH is neutral and dump it all down the drain.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Meth
freezer  wood chipper  river
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
two weeks
Some guy trying to sell adidas for 20 lira, and annoying ice cream
It’s 6 here and I gotta go to work shortly.
Eragon's books
Or on reasonably big cardboard box in the centre of Amsterdam by tomorrow.
Boiled and fried eggs
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Maybe you should spare the rest of us since some people go to the same theater to watch a movie by themselves.
It might reduce gun violence death rates though. Its only a suggestion.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
CHEESE
coconut!!
BIRYANI. Idk if you guys know bout it but its boring af!
You are more useless than BMW turn signals
So you know fallout series?
If you stopped first at a 4 way intersection don’t be polite and wave me on. Fucking go! The most polite thing you can do is not hold up traffic.
You’re the best! Haha I love this! Are you the photographer?! Ducks are my favourite and my husband and I love seeing animals when we travel! I can’t wait to see this with my own eyes one day! We’re travelling at the moment actually just interstate and are going to a rescue farm tomorrow with our 17 month old who is OBSESSED with animals, so I especially love all the animals in those photos! Thank you for sharing!
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I called that number and reupped my cars extended warranty. 7 of 10 for pricing but 10 of 10 on service.
Kurds and Armenians
Matrix or any movie where it has Nicolette Shea in there :P
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
36
Human faces. No matter how well it's done, you can always see that something is not right.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
That too
It's actually 4am and I have heart burn from beef ribs
A trick of some sort. Something important is always left behind/put out of mind.  I think with what's broken, wonder,feeling,passion, they cease to be good honorable things and become poison. It's a reaction with you, it's not in them innately. So it's not hatred for them, but they'll not get a fucking pedestal.  I won't put my faith in passion,belief,wonder,etc.. It's what allows the trick to work.  My thoughts are piss off patchy ass promises. It's just not a patch sorta job.
Christie Brinkley
Caramel just fuck off. I hate the thought of it getting stuck in between my teeth.
Baby Shark
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Different when you're talking/cracking jokes about things on screen.
Black licorice.
Ok
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Hotdogs and hamburgers
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
No, we're seeing each other
Sex Mode: Disabled
Spain
Cheesecake... I cannot handle the texture.
Love the driving scene.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
It’s to prevent the toilets becoming “shooting galleries” for junkies. Most cities have clean needle exchange programs for them and a safe place to shoot up.
You must be wealthy to be successful
Why the fuck are private prisons even a thing?
1.Broke 2.Rich history 3.Spiraling into dictatorship
Thanksgiving
My life
Gimme a Gizmo version and it's a wrap.
Emma Watson
It depends on the country. Some countries are quite liberal with their caviar classification and I think that has caused some issues with EU legislation. The tubed stuff we call caviar in Sweden is probably the most controversial example.
Met her at a party and we are still in the honeymoon phase almost 10 years on. Funnily enough I'd said to myself for the first time about a month before to forget about searching for love for now and focus on living my youth. Weird how fate works.
Isn't that them still forcing you to? Like some sort of reverse psychology.    'i know if i make them think I'll force it, they will put out.."
Cheese
Coffee before a two hour motorcycle ride on my Yamaha 900 XRS through the mountains in Panama.
Mayo. Like tf
Sure but those statistics include suicides which shouldnt count. Iowa is my state. Id also take a more dangerous place over not being able to own any tbh. Id rather have freedom over safety.
ǝʇɐɯ ǝɹǝɥ ɯdƖƖ
white meat or brown meat?
Put your weights back once you're finished with them
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I haven't slept yet
Thanks, I hate it.
My mum was convinced into selling Avon for ages. Gave it up in the end because she got a job at the post office, thank god. It took up so much of her time. Avon absolutely flooded the UK military bases for 10-15 years. One of the main reasons was that one of their body sprays worked as mosquito repellent so people stocked up for their holidays. It all goes downhill from there, though, and suddenly you have way too much, overpriced nail varnish because you have an order limit and your friends only want the fucking mosquito spray.
Going to amusement parks with my brother . Mini golf at the beach
Get in moderately good shape + and make her feel safe. That includes being tough enough to protect her but nice enough to not hurt her.  &#x200B;  Source: many past gfs. I don't do this shit now cause I'm angryoldbitterguy but it works.  Good luck.
Each and everyone
Common acts of kindness.
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I know but nvm
when they cancel awards shows like The Golden Globes.
After mass evacuations—so no lives are lost— I'd nuke all Walmarts.
You.
Sea food. I really wish i enjoyed it but i just do not have the taste for it. I can manage cod/tuna without too much bother and occasionally prawns, but i never enjoy it.  It always looks so good!
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
I'm punchy,  would rather not mop up after,  just drag em out to rot.
Start a YouTube Channel :)
Whilst your pee-pee is still in it.
Retweet
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
It’s funny how the very same people who say, “if you don’t like it, leave” are the ones who fully support overturning a legitimate election because their candidate says he was cheated.
'Grape' flavour tastes incredibly artificial and nothing at all like grapes...and I kinda like it against my better judgement.  But then american grape flavoured products are generally not available to me without paying three times what they're worth.
yes, an odd kind of loving neglect
Obviously there’s bigger issues in the world, what’s that got to do with anything? Do you spend all your time focussing on the biggest issues in the world? Commenting on Reddit posts about giving gifts to orphanages without ever going out and doing something like that yourself is also pretty weird
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
What ab kyle rittenhouse
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
slime food = eating fat, eating over buttered food, eating octopuses and other disgusting sea slime, eating eyeballs and other shits  we get it, you can't chew on normal food and it needs to dissolve in your mouth
It takes a big man to apologize and breakdown like that
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Bell peppers and onion.
That's a ridiculous statement. I'd rather be single than settle.
Because I had to find it myself so you can also   I dont post links because they get banned blocked etc or reddit just sends me some bot saying this link isn't allowed   Seriously your government and my government hide shit from us and lie   Just pop your head out of your ass and go research   Hell get a vpn and dive into dark web forums and read what people are posting where It cant be scrubbed by google all day
That's literally the company's best possible scenario, if everyone does that they pay out zero
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
>So now it's up to people to protect themselves haha, you people can't even be consistent.   In public gatherings where the R rate of the virus is greater than 2, like airborne viruses? Then it's up to the government and the pandemic response team. Since the government can't go to everyone's rooms when they have sex, they can't really mandate condoms to protect against STDs. You're lucky either way, because they'd never need to go to your house.  >You'll probably deny it but Reddit hates the idea of even consenting unmasked parties, events etc because it's "irresponsible" and I'd bet anything you obviously hold the same opinion.   Yeah, they're called superspreader events, dipshit.
Joe vs the volcano
I've been on the other end of that.  A while back I started work at a company and REALLY hit it off with the boss in the interview (we ended up chatting for 2 hours and he sent the other applicants home). I have a proper education, but it was tangentially related to the job I was hired for. We'd discussed training me up and then letting me run. I made it clear I would need the training before starting independent work.  Day 1 I'm given a project that a long-time employee had devoted all his spare time to. I have no fucking clue what I was doing, as I'd received literally zero training. I was expected to complete the project AND do my regular work AND do on-call emergency work (salaried, no time given off and no extra pay if I had to work for 4 hours between shifts). I did NOT complete that project to their (or my) satisfaction and completely ruined other dude's reputation (he couldn't help as he was saddled with new work) because everybody knew it was his pet project.  I quit after 6 months. From what I heard, stories were told of me until the business went under a few years later. I guess I still tell stories too, TBF...
A book.
How to stop gun fights? Easy, You just-- No not jailing more people or getting politicians, you-- No not making more laws, you just-- well yeah work on mental health but also-- Oh please just shut up and listen-- don't make bullets with no bullets there won't be a head to blow up to smithereens
I'm as lost as you. Tried the whole "don't try" thing. Tried being friends. Even tried truly just wanting to be their friend. Best I get is disinterest. Can't even make friends let alone get a girlfriend.
Gonna start applying to nursing schools by March so I want to make sure I pee clean and be able to focus on my schoolwork when the time comes. I was also way to reliant on it for my mental health, so that was no bueno either.
Gotta check that out!! Lols
i always ask first, before i come over. if they come over to mine - absolutely you're allowed. but i always wanna make sure they're okay with me using theirs before i go over. or just bring a travel bottle with you if you plan to stay :)
Anything with onions (no matter the amount, if something has onions i just don't eat it, especially if they are cut to small size so it's extremely difficult to pick them out),  Vinegar (and all things that have it - sauces (like ketchup, barbecue sauce), pickled cucumbers or generally anything pickled),  Tomatoes,  any vegetable that has been boiled,  any combination of fruit and bread (for example apple pie or raisins in buns, I cant think of a single meal where fruit and bread fit together),  fat (around meat for example, i usually use a sharp knife and cut the good parts out, a strip of bacon takes 3-4 minutes but better than the alternative..),  mushrooms,  cauliflower and similar vegetables (like broccoli) (no matter how it's prepared but steamed is extra yucky),  alcohol or traces of alcohol,  beans (every kind),  peas (I think it's a type of bean but not sure, raw are not that bad but when prepared they are disgusting)  drinks that have these bubbles (like coke, tastes and feels so much better if you leave it for a few days),  all seafood except smoked red salmon and salmon caviar (oysters, shrimp and other sea products),  any combination of sour fruits and sugar (like caramelised apples),  yogurt that has fruit pieces in it (if its completely smooth then its alright),  things in soup (i usually just pour all soup through a sieve and drink it), crusty food like toast (painful to eat)  any type of meat besides pork, chicken and beef  steak that has red in it (like rare, medium, just if there is red or pink, pretty much just well-made steak and maybe cooked for a bit longer so it's 100% brown.)  kombucha (my mother loves it for reasons I will never understand)  I am absolutely sure I missed a huge amount of things but these are what first comes to mind. :D  And I eat things according to my schedule, so I try new food very rarely, so I haven't tried a lot of different foods throughout my life, If I had I am sure the list would be much bigger.
it's not terrible, but it's received mixed reviews  shrek forever after
Are you seeing a therapist?
Visual artist/animator/story writer. Not gonna happen though, my life is in ruin
Let people get off the elevator before you get on.
*The Real Ghostbusters*
Tengo una infeccion vaginal  I have no idea why that was in a text book for 13 year olds learning Spanish. Hilarity ensued.
Bruh fr. But worse was this entire family of 3 adults not controlling their little kid who was in the very first row who kept talking loudly and literally jumping and standing on their chair. I felt so sorry for the people in the rows behind. Plus it didn’t help we where in a premium theatre for Spider-Man that had less than 30 seats. So when someone is being disruptive they entire theatre is disturbed.  And when it’s a movie like Spider-Man your been waiting years to see? I’ve never wanted to boot another persons kid so badly. Was even more disappointing when I saw how many adults where in that one family that didn’t bother to control their lid
The most I've ever won was £50 about 27yrs ago... Had a few £30 prizes too.  &#x200B;  But given that it's a 1 in 45 million chance of winning the jackpot... and it's rarely ever actually one and instead rolled down to lower level winners... Shows how rigged the game is.  &#x200B;  Used to be a 1 in 15 million chance of winning... then they doubled the price of a ticket and added 10 extra numbers... and surprised pikachu face when people stopped playing.
Puff puff pass
What makes a difference when it comes to citrus fruits in chocolate (especially oranges) is the amount of cocoa in it, so the darker the chocolate the better.
Depends where you go tho, but generally you won't bother anyone in a public beach being naked if you don't do anything sexual
this is a weird one.   I was 17  ( I looked way younger though) at the time of this, I’m now 22. But I remember it very clearly because it freaked me out.  I was at a petrol station finishing up buying what I needed and was heading home, and for some reason I saw this grey Ford ute drive past on left side of the road (Aussie roads so I honestly don’t know how he even saw me) this car just caught my attention, then I saw it three times after that drive up and down the main road… as I was walking home, which wasn’t far, but as I walked down the street that lead me home, this car came flying up a side street and nearly hit me as I was crossing the road so he was watching me but I had a feeling I was going to see it again, They stopped let me pass and then pulled up got out of their car and asked me if I needed a ride home…. TIL this day I think if I had gotten in that car I wouldn’t have been seen again…. I don’t know why this car caught my attention… but I’m glad my gut told me to keep an eye out, and to say no…   ( he was an older guy, and well he seemed desperate to get to me so honestly that gave me the creeps so much because why dude?! This was in the day time aswell and idk maybe he was just trying to be nice, it was hot but I was five minutes away from home… not that I told him that but yeah)   anyways I got on the phone to a friend for the rest of the walk and had a mental note of his number plate just in case he followed me or something. I did tell my parents aswell but never saw the car again after that…   I have watched a lot of murder docs and I feel like if someone is that desperate to get you in their car somethings off…
Adrenaline has always given me headaches and I hate heights but always amazed by others that love it.
We all should have a right to live and a right to die.
The old women who point their shopping trolley to one side of the aisle  whilst browsing the shelves the other side of the aisle totally blocking it.
Private schools in Australia often go from 8-3 or sometimes a touch later
We were once invited to smoke pot at a guy's place. It didn't feel right. I didn't go. A week later I read in the newspaper that the guy had raped a woman who overdosed. Sick.
'Girl you know it true'
Fleeting focus and drug like bursts of energy granting hyper focus on shit you don't really want to focus on.
U ate is yesterday
Kg of shit😂
While I still liked it, I suppose the plot twist explanation for Reavers in Serenity. They took "malicious space pirates that survive in ships with no radiation shielding" and decided "they're just normal humans made very, very aggressive by a government chemical experiment." It's like if you got boarded by Chaos worshippers in the miniseries but then the movie comes out and they were 28 Days Later "zombies."
Chipotle
Rubber
Try it with peanut butter AND crumbled blue cheese. It’s a surprisingly good combination.
It means having a basic as fuck wife living in a shitty house in a boring ass suburban town. Or so they teach us
We met on Discord in a server, we talked, joked, 2 months, later, bleh.
Same with cucumbers for me
I was sleeping, dreaming some boring regular dream about work and all of a sudden my grandma showed up and pulled me aside to tell me she loved me and a few other things and then walked out the door. As soon as the door shut I woke up in a cold sweat with a feeling that something had happened, it was 5AM in the morning, I woke up my then boyfriend because I was so on edge, he calmed me down and talked me out of calling or going to check on her because it wasn't an appropriate time of day to call someone or show up on their doorstep over a dream. Turns out she had a brain aneurysm and passed around the time I had that dream, and I will never forget that feeling.
That bird that you eat
Yup
I have a BSc Hons, a post-graduate diploma, 2 MSc and a PhD. I am working as a scientist for the government.  At the age of 43 I feel like I have wasted half of my life pursuing higher education because I haven't made any significant contribution. Moreover, I earn less than a tradesman.
Wonder Years
Captain Planet
Wrong site for this question I'm afraid.
Legalize weed
I didn't know you were supposed to shoot an arrow to the sun after clearing the water temple for fire arrows. So I went the whole game not knowing fire arrows were a thing and ended up using sticks or shooting arrows through fire. Most of the time it worked fine, except when you get to Ganon's castle. There's an area where the deku stick fizzles out just before you can use it, and it's angled in such a way you can't do the arrow through fire trick. So I just gave up after a whole afternoon of trying. Internet wasnt what it was today, so I just had to wait till I got to school and asked a friend who came over and instantly saw I didn't have the fire arrows.
I have a bird.
No, but banning guns won't solve the issues. Look at Switzerland, plenty of guns that are easily accessible, even military rifles. But it's among the safest countries in the world.  Hell, the US has more knife murders than the UK....
"Let's steal a tank and invade Paris" in German
Just an old fashioned love song - three dog night
One of my female professors asked me to impregnate her.
Kids found an alligator near the football field. They caught it, brought it inside the school and left it in the cafeteria women’s restroom, in a toilet. I was skipping that day so I didn’t get to enjoy the FWC coming and shutting down the school.
These 2 senior year level kids got caught doing the naughty behind a school building
Oh well🤔 was trying to think outside of the box because mouth and keyboards been around for 40 years. Someone’s gotta be inventing something else to replace those
When we met, I had no agenda. I treated her as an intellectual and social equal. We've been together for 26 years now.
It's 12 where I live (England). I'm watching countryballs
Shake it off
Grapefruit is rank. It’s like a lemon but with no personality.. and why the fuck would you have it for breakfast of all times??
 1. Confidence 2. Don’t be selfish when talking (don’t talk too much about yourself or how your day was) 3. Humour Others
Also being a dick with safety of his people and customers in general to rush things
I wish you were so you could be next to me too and I could kiss your face
ik he would hate it tho so i dont really wanna pick him, if i could pick anyone itd be him, but i respectfully will not sit on his face nor will i force him to sit on mine
Obviously there are edge cases. You can always find exceptions that prove the rule. My point still stands. How do I know? I live it. I do this for a living.   If a deadly weapon is involved I have absolutely no doubt the fire crew will be staying inside in 99% of real world cases.   Anyway, law enforcement will be there extremely quickly if Fire radios for help.
Pig farm.
It was horrendously over budget by 1995 standards and that really tainted the reception to it.    It's not a bad movie really, and Dennis Hopper does a great job of hamming it up as the villian. I saw it when it came out in cinemas when I was 13, all the location shots did look really spectacular.
Escalators: walkers on the left, standers on the right.
I’d add Dogville too.
Barbecue sausages, yes even the ones from bunnings
Tea, coffee, egg, dark chocolate, pasta, rice cakes, whole milk, just to name a few. I've always been the picky eater of the family.
r/shittylifetips
Had to say it out loud to find the funny  Lmao
Mr Brightside, try to look at the great side of things but they never go my way
Swiss gun laws are primarily about the acquisition of arms, and not ownership. As such a license is not required to own a gun by itself, but a shall-issue permit is required to purchase most types of firearms. Bolt-action rifles do not require an acquisition permit, and can be acquired with just a background check.A reason is not required to be issued an acquisition permit for semi-automatics unless the reason is other than sport-shooting, hunting, or collecting.Permits for concealed carrying in public are issued sparingly.The acquisition of fully automatic weapons, suppressors and target lasers requires special permits issued by the cantonal firearms office. Over-the-counter sale of hollow-point and soft-point ammunition is limited to hunting.  So basic gun control. Licence and permits for acquiring do functionally the same in my mind. Point beeing is that you need to regulate who gets a firearm.
Tinder speedrun any%: One match, five dates, now 6 years and counting.
In case you weren't aware, they did a full version of that song with Less Than Jake  [Link](https://youtu.be/rV61t021SxQ)
This is why police forces have quota’s.
Please finish what she said about the PP. "Mine PP.." what my dude!
Usually working
I don't care for dried fruits (looking at you specifically, raisins), sweet pickles/relish, most pastries and dessert items, especially cake. Nasty. Guess I just don't like sweet foods much.
It's 14:00...
Wishing I was asleep lol
When I went to the first Matrix, there were two old ladies nearby, and one kept loudly asking the other what that meant, or what is going on, and the other loudly kept answering her. There is no way they should have been there.  Luckily there were seats across the theater and I just up and moved.
Voice Acting
Sell it
Uhhhhm actually it was me.. I just wanted him to enjoy the $5 while I was beating him over the head with a bat. I don't see the problem..
The number of time I have seen people remove their masks to sneeze or cough during this pandemic...
These places are popping up all over the South. Their names usually end in “Nutrition “. Tons of shakes and teas for $8 a pop. Most people have no idea it’s Herbalife.
Like an old man sending back soup at a deli
Flipside, I love Brussels Sprouts
Does it really stink that bad?   They actually use dog poo in my country to punish animal abusers. Wondered how bad that gets for them.
Large lawsuit for botch penis enlargement surgery
When she puts the baby back down to continue its roll gets me every time I even think about it.
With the Titanic/Olympic switch, it's worth mentioning that the conspiracy theory didn't actually show up until the 90s. There was a blissful 80-year period where nobody even thought of it, because it was such a stupid idea.
Well trainspotting (the first one) is why I will never touch Herion..   I despies all Class As and Bs (apart from weed The Americans were right and thank you). I ain't had a seziuze in months so England allow it....   Ngl I try some of my old mate coke once and I tell you now I rather waste £1.29 on bottle of coke and get hypo of that. It's way better and safer. I rather diabetes then a drug overdose.........   And weed you have to smoke over 50.00000grams in one day before it kills you...
"The bell is not for you, it is a signal for ME".
Going crazy in public and be internet famous for a whole week!
My boss throwing me under the bus, only to get hit by the dump truck as well
Just asking ridiculous things of me without any concern for how it's putting me out. Like, just because you ask some ridiculous request with manners doesn't make it not rude, if anything it makes it worse.
I smoked pot every day for 13 years with no intention of ever stopping, and then I noticed it wasn’t helping me relax for a couple nights in a row. So I took a break and then when I smoked again a couple weeks later in a social setting, I was fumbling all my thoughts and words and didn’t enjoy that either. Haven’t smoked since (that was June). I don’t miss it, i can’t say my life has improved, but I’m glad I didn’t have to struggle with quitting, maybe instead of me giving up on marijuana, it gave up on me?
Sounds cool. Is it almost mediative?
Did they ever find the guys, or did they get away with it?
Milk tastes different in every country in Europe. It has a lot of difference even if you travel only 200kms, because the culture and the rules change, and that's for every product, not only the milk. I don't understand why we need to pay, I find it very frustrating. The thing is that if you don't have change than you have the chance that they'll not take a bigger bill because they can't give back change. As a middle european I can confirm the basement bathroom thing, it has an awesome vibe for some reason lmao.
*chuckles nervously* yeah
Baby shark
Never Back Down  Soundtrack is actually great.
Sure it is. Gay people have ass babies.
I. Hate. MUSHROOMS.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions seeking a correct or definite answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 5:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_5-) Rhetorical and loaded questions (in which you are asserting an opinion, bias, or leading respondents towards expressing a specific opinion) are not allowed on AskReddit.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I sure do!
Happiness can be different for everyone. My happiness would probably be seeing everyone's private parts. Wish i have a power to see through things
Didn't happen *at* my school, but;  Elementary school music teacher ran into a church in the middle of a service and shot the organist in the chest, then left. He came back in and then shot her in the head to ensure she was dead, then the attendants took him down.  Later discovered the organist was his ex-wife and she had information that he could not allow her to expose.  That information? You guessed it: CP. Police found ~~**two terabytes**~~ (see edit) of it on his computer. I really don't know what would've been worse for him, being known as a murderer or a pedophile, but now he's known as both.  Edit: Holy shit, I was wrong, they found a box full of hard drives and photographs all containing CP.
Thats like the best part bro youre missing out
i’m so sorry that happened to you. you said it took a while for it to sink in, was there no pain initially because of shock?
Recently discovered that smoking pot gives me the runs
Don’t listen to this guy he’s a pedo
Hierarchy of backstabbing and dishonesty.
Your level of education defines your intelligence
Hunting around the house, trying to find out where that pee smell is coming from.
Do you understand what I mean by the phrase “civil discussion”?
Im use to it. Most people live in black and white and fail to see all the shades of gray.
No. No it’s not. Shame on you.
It's 9 AM here.
they are poo making machines
Absolutely
Fuck capitalism
I'm lucky in this regard. Lloyds puts things through in order of how you pay for them, unless it's a weekend, then it can be different, depending on where you're buying from. Some shops/online retailers seems to process things at different speeds.
Elefanten-Jagd-Verein, tötet was trötet. Wie kann ich helfen?
Easiest thing my mom taught me:  Get your favorite salsa and some chicken breasts.  Put it all in a crockpot for a few hours.  Boom, you’ve got meals for days!!
How relaxed and confident he was
They’re just so fucking polite! God dammit, would ya’ll stop saying please and sorry for fuck’s sake!!!!!
IRL a car crashing and the road barrier going through the passenger door, through the occupants and out the drivers side. On the Internet stuff on rotten dot com or r/makemycoffin
The best way to prepare for a hurricane is to get vaxed
I remember reading a phrase that was about not caring about something and it translated to "it interests me as much as a kilogram of shit"
Oftentimes, threads like this prompt users to ask how visually impaired people use reddit. r/blind has an FAQ [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Blind/wiki/faq/sighted#wiki_q.3A_how_do_blind_people_use_computers.3F) that answers this question. As with any other thread, please be respectful to other users and note that ableism is not tolerated in r/AskReddit.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Avatar. I worship that large blue feline named Neytiri.
kyo dir en grey
Dr Strange
Nah, man.  Shitting on others is what weak people do to feel important.  If that means I'm a Beta, call me what you want.
No judging. Those restrictions you said is almost like a ban for normal people in those countries. Just keep your gun violence then :/
Green Acoustic-Electric Bass
Your gf
Mi comar tu culo … it means have a great night in Spanish. I like to teach it to kids and grandparents who don’t know much Spanish
MCHammer.
My bf started talking to me, and then several months later I asked him out.
I've been meaning to watch it, my friend watched it and thinks I should watch it, she thought it was utterly terrifying. When I got into horror I for the most part skipped over the more popular/well known movies for the more obscure/more fucked up ones. What I noticed though was that the more obscure and fucked up ones are all about regular people being terrible to other people whereas most of the more well known ones all include magic of some sort/made up things.
Debilitating
I read a pineapple cost the equivalent of $8000 in today's money!
Skin
Can I buy someone? A friend of mine needs one badly.
damn that sucks. the ride was uncomfortable for me anyways. I refuse to get on rides now because they make me anxious and I hate the feeling in my stomach. You shouldve tried the butter beer that they sell by the harry Potter store there! so good. I also did the VIP tour that day. I was only looking forward to skipping the lines lol
Mashed potatoes.  I was a from a pretty low class family growing up and all we ate was instant mash every single day.  It was horrible and ruined mashed potatoes for me.   Listen, when I was younger, my mom used to tell me that "this was the real shit" and I would happily eat them, thinking they were the real thing but they always tasted like shit but that's actually just weren't the real thing. I would throw away my paper plate or just do whatever, clean off the table and sitting there, in the top of the trash bin would be that red, empty bag of instant mash and I have no idea why that messed with my head so bad as a kid but it just really got to me. Like my mom.. could lie????? WOAHHH!!!  Even now, if i'm told it's real potatoes by anyone who's been kind enough to make me dinner (family on thanksgiving, christmas, just an everyday meal, ect), even my gf, I always check the garbage quickly for that stupid red instant mash bag.  And let's say I go over to someone's house and they make mashed potatoes and I check the trash for a instant mash bag.. Even if there is no bag in the trash that I can see, I have this delusion in my head that my entire family knows I hate mashed potatoes and just buried the bag far in the can so I wouldn't see it so that I will eat it at christmas, new years, whatever and then I get paranoid and don't eat them anyway.  I know I should've been grateful for having even a meal when I was young and a mom to prepare it but goddamn potatoes arent even that expensive. A lb can make you a lot of shit and its only 5ish$ (around 2-4$ back when I was young based on the potato you bought) which was a lot less than what she was spending a week on instant mash.  Anyway real mash, fake mash, its all shit and i'll never understand why people like it.
Nothing good came from them
Ana De Armas
Sucking Taylor Swift’s fat juicy clitoris.
exactly.
I've always been a scaredy cat. Do you like rollercoasters too?
Cheese and avocado
>He's an egotistical, narcissistic cunt with a god complex who thinks he's some kind of messiah... He's not... he's a greedy, selfish, self absorbed cunt.  Ngl most leaders I read about are. I'm not a fan boy I'm just pointing out that it seems to be a common trait among people who lead.   >All he's ever done is take other peoples money and ideas and market them as his own... He didn't start tesla, he took it over.  But he did save it from bankruptcy while future was uncertain. It seems very probable that he went all in for the advancement for electric cars not just money. Which he has a shit loads of anyways. Started space X and neuralink if I'm not wrong.   >He's never actually had an original idea of his own... he comes from wealth and his family acquired that wealth through apartheid in South Africa.  But isn't his fortune mainly the pay out from paypal though? I didn't know that his family was rich though.   I did hear criticism about him being indifferent about where the rare metals are being mined from for the batteries. That seems to be very disturbing
That's one model.... knowing what to buy is the trick.
Any of the mayonnaise based salads: egg, potato, macaroni, etc. I'm not a huge fan of mayo, so I'll eat it if it's already on my sandwich, but I won't spread on a sandwich if I make it myself.   Also, not a big fan of coleslaw.
Does champagne count lol that shit is overrated haha
Yippee ki yay, mother******!
Actually 25, not including the fake bond movies.
"I fucked her so hard her gynaecologist is gonna need a therapist."
Only if you don’t cook it before eating.
I'm batman
Stanley, you crush your wife during sex and your heart sucks. Boom. Roasted.
Generation Kill
Poop
When I try and align to pee perfectly into the toilet bowl and there is always a few drops on the floor, every fricking time.
My personal favorite is Kakegurui. It’s unnecessarily horny at times, but has some interesting commentary on capitalism, fate, and the competition of humans. 10/10.
Mostly just the pokemon games. I'm super excited for arceus later this month
ICE to see you, HAEHAEHAEHAEH
You’re killin me smalls!
Never done it, and never will: caving. Not worth it, heard too many horror stories to even consider the idea. I’m not gonna be the dumbass who got stuck in a cave and died there before emergency services could rescue me
Yes, but that in itself is it's purpose. For each individual to ascribe  a meaning and all of us being different.....hence different decisions/ different time lines. Ok. I admit, i smoked a dube and forgot where I was going with this. Lol
Once you die you cease to exist for eternity.
Any of the Choose Your Own adventure ones
it was on Netflix Canada but the took it off like last month. bummer, I was almost done season 2 and idk where else to find it
Netflix's Dark (2017) time travel, good characters, mysterious villain, the works.
Извращенства (Isvrashenstva) russian meaning for perversions.
it's scary how common this is , I agree
MASH. Really, no one knows about this?
It’s the one that says “bad mother fucker”
The Magicians.  Ran for 5 seasons, and 1-4 are IMO are pretty next level. Season 5 was great and wrapped things up nicely.
Feelings
my cat
Don’t forget to bring a towel
The Greeks used to harvest and then leave them in the harbour to soak for 3 months. The salty sea brined them. And then everything advanced from there.
Psych
They can't have fun without it
Was this cancelled or did it end in a satisfying way?
I literally got laughed at by my friends when I told them that I wear a seatbelt when I use Uber.  My gf didn't use seatbelts before I met her, I told her I wouldn't date her unless she started using a seatbelt, petty, I know, but the last thing I want in life is her a phone call that she died or something
No, he used Magnum to save the prime minister. He had been using blue steel up to that point.
ur friend can’t hang. it’s nice with someone you love like ur mom or someone experienced who u can trust. some people just can’t hang. i’m not saying to do it again tho.
Suckin each other dry
>Idk man I couldn't even get in or out of bed let alone take my clothes off. If I bent my leg it was some intense pain. Thankfully it's better now but still do feel pain. Not putting any weight on it as much as possible.   >   >Outside of that just shit luck.   >   >You jogged my memory, I was pulling briars and thorns our for a good 15 mins from my legs and arms also.  don't worry
Toast of London
poop
Drop a bowling ball on my finger. 0/10 do not recommend flattening your finger like a pancake
Write "2021" when writing a date.
I had a whole Say Cheese and Die bed set (pillowcases, comforter, the whole nine) but I never actually read it. I read probably 50 Goosebumps books but never got around to that one
How so?
You talking to me?
Saft 👍
“No, I am your father”
I can be myself most of the times.
Play darts. Well it's cheap until you start playing super league and county anyway.
Welcoming back a narcissist.
We were both crossing our fingers that he'd turn out to have immotile sperm because we both don't want kids, and hey! Free sterilization! But no, of course those lil guys were  SO motile. Disturbingly so.
Musically really talented too! Love his work.
Air
Hahah this is exactly what I’d expect a mortician to dress like.   Oof, not even a minute in and he’s already talking about having to clean up deceased peoples poop
Eat uni.
I couldn’t drive out, because my car wasn’t inside
Love Me Harder by Ariana Grande  It’s seriously underrated and I can’t believe 7 Rings plays all the time but not this
Zendeya
The times you wish that creeps were still allowed to finish making their shows....
Be sexist.
125% agree!
The Billions. Incredible story and acting ngl.
Say what one more time!
Poop
God certainly doesn't give you free speech, so yes.
Pink and no
Police officer
What about smoking weed
"I'm Harry. Harry Potter."
omfg this this i always do and sometimes it works
Since you mentioned anime: Kekkai Sensen, that shit is bangers kinda gave me Buffy vibes with the whole "monster hunting" but its not all white and black, also the soundtrack is 10/10
Power metal.  They took metal, stripped it of everything that was cool about it, and added choirs, female sopranos, orchestras and lyrics about orcs and goblins and elves.  Makes me wanna fucking puke.
That they are pretty damn lazy
Sure lol
Risky click, but than I realized I'd probably be happy either way... Interesting theory tbh.
Putting down the toilet lid
"We want the finest wines available to humanity, we want them here! and we want them now!"  well to be fair that movie has an absolute plethora to pick from
Pokémon!
Poop
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think 🤔 funny programs
 "E.T. phone home"
The Simpsons
game of thrones. 1 episode completely ruined the franchise.
Yes I shall.
Poop
The 80s
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
Canadians do not call them chips. We're no limeys
Unreal. I have rewatched it so many times. The leads are incredible and the story is one of the most believable looks into the way normal people with good intentions can be truly evil.
Treat me as you would any other person. Unless you're an asshole then not talking to me would be the better option.
the river by bruce
Smosh
Poop
And my axe!
Depends on how well they tip the delivery guy...
Saft 👍
A LOT! I feel like I’m shooting from the hip and don’t really know what’s going on.
“My name is Marcus Aurelius…”
No one makes the men scream like Gaston
People of Earth, Jon Glaser Loves Gear, Those Who Can’t , I’m Sorry
Are you feeling lucky, punk?
Genes
It was a Vietnamese man in Boston.
Mad ting
Chocolate milk
I mean there are some people speaking of it, but legends of tomorrow is pretty underrated. One of the least famous series in DC
My pal Liam , he's an actor.  He's in that show, he's the dick guy
People do things to make themselves feel good. That includes everything you think they're doing to be a good person.
I didn’t assume the commenter was black-what do you even mean? Beyoncé is black and I used her as the example…..🤔
Are they worse than vegans or better than Karens?
Hypocrites.
Awesome-o 3000
I have a particular set of skills
Poop
Forget it two Jakes, it's two China Towns
My mum found an Instagram account with very similar details to my life on it when I was 12. The things they talked about on the account were like taking drugs with friends and having sex with 16 year olds. She genuinely believed it was me and called the school about it, sent me to counsellors.   However, she stopped believing it was me when it finally clicked that I never actually left the house enough to be going on all these “adventures” and parties. now she wishes it was me.  I’m graduating this year and I still haven’t been to a party.
Babyboomorangutan is my favorite for the name alone. "It's ok to play with dolls!"
Aw man. Back at you. It sounds like you have good boundaries now. It is insaaaane how much one roll can impact you
"Bitches, leave!"
A man's got to know his limitations...
Love this one
Oh my God, Karen, you can't just ask people why they're white.
Cars
With great power comes great responsibility
everything
>With my fam. At home. Playing videogames. Pretty cool stuff  Wow! I also spent time with my family
I feel the need, the need for speed.
My defiant attitude about being told what to do. Daydreaming. Wanting to hibernate every winter. Thinking adulthood is dumb & adult problems are overly complicated. Wanting to build a big-ass tree house. Preferring skipping to running. All kinds of things.
I’m surprised I *had* a childhood ice cream truck driver
Nah. I just think that there are so many conspiracy theories as to what causes the Madela Effect that people forgot what it actually is. Funny enough, the people who are saying it isn't real for all these reasons are the ones being affected by it. Ironic
all I would say is: before BOTW and buying a switch I was 100% in the same boat.  Now, after playing through BOTW [twice], skyward sword and the Links Awakening remaster - those alone have been worth it.  Its not also to mention that Mario Odyssey, Luigi's Mansion 3, Smash Bros, Mario Kart and  almost every other game I've played on the switch is genuinely great. AND, should you want to part with a few more $/£/whatever, you can play NES/SNES/N64 and Sega classics as well. [Just re done OOT haha].
This thread has some pretty extreme examples. Meanwhile I'm just thinking about how I don't want to buy so many video games, because I don't have time to even play the once I have
Because I just can’t get a girlfriend, no matter how hard I try.
The snozzberries taste like snozzberries
I have a similar incident to share. There's an actor in my local state and he's loved by thousands here for what a gentleman and a great versatile actor he is. He was not even 30 years old when he died. And how he died just broke my heart. He was peacefully having dinner at his house when one of his friends came and hurried him out to meet another friend. As it was late night and roads were all empty, none of these guys wore a helmet. Lost control of the bike and collided head on into an electric pole and fucking died the next day in hospital. It's one of the deaths that breaks me every time I think about it.
Move your body right next to mine by Robbie Shapiro for 10 minutes straight
The one with the wizards, Harry Potter! I just don’t like it
Romantic relationships. Not worth it, too painful, too long to recover, always fails. Look at it like this; I'm nearly 38, I met my sons mother at 25, was with her 5.5yrs, we broke up, it took 1.5yrs to recover. Got in another relationship for 4yrs, we broke up 2 years ago. That's 13yrs (a 3rd of  my life) including recovery wasted on failed relationships. I'm not wasting another minute. Lone wolf for me.
I think you’re wrong. Again, you aren’t ever **owed** someone’s forgiveness [and he really doesn’t need me to like him. The way society is set up, he really suffered no consequences for fantasizing about racist murder in the first place]. His learning and growth, if genuine, shouldn’t really be contingent on what others think about him, but a desire to become a better person for his own sake. And as Abraham Kendi noted in response, “The defense of Liam Neeson that he didn’t ‘act’ on it is like exonerating a drunk driver who doesn’t kill anyone.” Not how it works - at least for me.
Poop
I'd kill for a cup of tea right now
TIL, thanks…
holy shit. a very similar thing happened to my best friend about 10 years ago. my heart goes out to you. nobody should ever have to live through this.
I pity the fool
Especially the whole "did Dean murder Madeleine" bit.
Pancakes 🥞
Get paid less wage
Astrid.
He's producer for Euphoria. Guess what that show's about.
How could he? Even the premise is awesome. Robot sent back in time to protect boy from other robot sent back in time so as to ensure survival of mankind
She: “I love you.”  He: “I know.”
aka “inadvertent naptime” or “how I ruined Easter at the cathedral in 2007.”
#SHIT!
We gona need a bigger boat
Motherf#ker pulled it off
Stupid people can't reproduce, and any stupid people that have reproduced will hence forward be launched into the sun via a really powerful slingshot.
OK, I play with you!
First rule of ....
This submission has been automatically removed because it has 3 words or less. Please write your question in a proper full sentence, thank you.  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Lexx
Omggggg Wilfred! Holy shit I know what I’m doing tonight
All I can say is meh, hope you can understand that
It is a tradition amongst us women in general not limited to older women.
Peep Show
There are so many of these "it starts out like poison, but 12 steps later it's food" things that baffle me. Like rhubarb! One side will kill you, but if you cook the other it makes a pretty alright pie filling. I wonder if there is something about, like, "the village that is 12 miles downriver from the olive orchard would pull the orbs from the water and eat them" or something like that.
Are you lightening? Cause you're mqueen
Poop
Because they're fun.
If souls exist at all
The Last Kingdom
Hey You Guysss!
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Very much agree!
Oo, that is amazing, which games do you play?
Awesome job, man! My dad had a crack addiction. After relapsing multiple times, he's been clean and sober for 12 years. You can do it!
I have more if you want :p
Turtle racing league.
WAP     For reasons...
I dare you, I double dare you!
I love it when a plan comes together
The amount of incels on Reddit can be disturbing.
Think the city sued them for shattering the message board?
That feeling when you stand up too fast
"Pizza time!"
Poop
This is cursed
Me, my brother & my buddies were sitting outside one summer until like 4am talking about conspiracy and stuff like that. Well my brother brought up something like "the government or extraterrestrial could be listening/communicating through radio/phone frequencies." Then all of a sudden he got a phone call from Idaho and when he answered it, it was a bunch of beeping, buzzing, static and woowoo (idk how to explain it) sounds. Well we freaked out and ran inside cause we are all pussies. We wanted to track the number to see wtf was up but when we got the call log pulled up, the number wasn't there. No problem, he could've deleted it. Fast forward to a couple of nights later, we were camping, sitting around the fire telling stories and someone brings up that phone call at like 3am this time. Immediately after bringing it up, the same number calls my brother and we answer it to show some people who weren't there the first time. It was the same sounds and stuff. So my brother hangs up and this time immediately goes to the call log, only to find the number has vanished from it yet again. I told my friend this later on in the year, and guess what pops up on her phone? A call from Idaho. Now we never speak of it because some weird shit be happening when we do.
Dance, meditate and have a nice meal.
Shut up, TANNNYA.
Get off my plane
Get drunk and high at the same time, and eat grilled peppers.
I was actually shocked that I liked it. I thought I would be repulsed by the texture, but it didn’t bother me. I have almost thrown up from trying Uni.
And now it's NSFW lol
Stunt person
peri peri because y e s
I have had it with these mother fucking snakes on this mother fucking plane
Old timey problems require animal cruelty solutions.
Yeah, same place - except that I wouldn't say I'm clean, I'm on subutex, slowly but steadily dropping the dose. I've not used for several years. I've got clean before, sometimes for a year or two - and then relapsed when life got hard. I won't be repeating the cycle again though. Quite aside from the fact that I've got no fucking veins left - I have finally reached a point in life where I want to continue living. Like you, I've overdosed a few times and been lucky. I imagine you also know people who didn't make it.  I just can't do it anymore. I won't go back to that perpetual desperation. In a weird way, I needed it for a while but that time is gone. I have a job and a life now and want to keep them.  I know it's possible to get overconfident - but I just feel such regret and revulsion when I look back at bits of my past that I really don't think I'll repeat it. It's scary to know that I've got it in me to fuck up that badly, but now I know I'm capable of it and I'm on guard against my darker inclinations.   Like you say, fuck that shit.
Exactly, this is the logical conclusion. Just as our brain cannot comprehend what happened before the Big bang we cannot comprehend death. Religion is a attempt to comprehend the incomprihensible.
Try spinal fractures and have to wear a turtle shell for 2 years
Exactly she only publicly supported lgbtq when it would be absolutely accepted. Think of lady Gaga she advocated for gay rights for so long when it could’ve destroyed her career
Birthdays. The one dog I adopted came from a place that recorded her birthday, and I was there to watch her puppies being born so I know exactly when their birthday is.  And I choose to celebrate it as a way to thank them for how much they help me as my ESAs. They've kept me grounded through a lot of crap that probably would have broken me otherwise, and I can't thank them enough for everything they've done for me.
I'll be back
Poop
They've been trying that for quite a while. The problem is, it's pretty easy to say, "Sadaam has WMDs!" and suddenly we're at war for 20 years. It'd work if the only military conflicts were explicitly one nation invading another, but war is a lot more complicated than that.
Testees  Fucking Hilarious
Perry the platypus
Damn, I didn't realize it was actually cancelled.  I just assumed the story they wanted to tell was concluded.  Now I'm disappointed.
Nos4ac2. Super weird but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t addicted
Minecraft, Honestly best 23.95 Euros i've ever spent
Michael Jordan
We’re gonna need a bigger boat
All my sport cars, they are therapy devices and friend making machines
Disability support worker.
Obama
Poop
Like a glove
I was on the Gulf Coast when hurricane Katrina hit. The day after the storm we were walking through what was left of my town and I saw an over turned car. When I looked inside there were 2 bodies in it. I guess they decided to ride out the storm at home and then tried to escape when it started getting bad. Their car must have been flipped by either the wind or the storm surge and they couldn’t get out. Their bodies were stained black from the mud. I was only 8 when I saw them but I’ll never forget it.
Dream, death, brain loop, fused to the environment, repeat (for 10ish minutes thank fucking Christ) although feels like years.
Angst.    I have a lot of backup explanations for most of my specific feelings, but angst is just - that thing I cannot define and cannot wrangle back in successfully.
Believing Jesus is the son of God and wanting to worship him are a prerequisite for enjoying church. If you don't, and you're just visiting out of curiosity, of course it's weird.  For the record, I think it's really cool that you went out of your comfort zone and tried it.
It's easier to get laid if they can't see your face.
Keen Eddie
When we were having a party and forgot to buy straws and ran out halfway through serving drinks
German, if being terrified is your kink. (No judgements here mein freund)
Are you honey? Cause i wanna bee with you
Seeing who can punch the softest with your brother
Aww, anything for you hun
Okay now I'm interested lol, please explain
Quick elevator pitch:  It's about an illegal race held every few years, but this is *in the future* in *space* with the race taking place on a different planet with crazy ass space cars and aliens.  Except the main character is still driving a TransAm.  There's a lot more to it than that and it's exactly as insane as it sounds and the soundtrack is good also.
When kissing my homies goodnight started hitting different
Best line for unselfish lovers:   “I am a generous God.”
Eureka. And for that matter, Warehouse 13 (Which are nominally different shows but play in the same universe)     Basically, Eureka is a secret city in the US that is full of the newest, most advanced tech, because the average IQ in the town is above 135. The main character is Sheriff Carter however, who is one of the few people with an average IQ in the town, and his job mostly revolves around stopping scientists from destroying the entire city (and sometimes the entire world) with their various tech, be that on purpose or by accident. However, his average IQ proves as an advantage a lot of the time, as he doesn't think like the scientists around him, and thus sometimes sees details that other miss.     Warehouse 13 on the other hand is basically the SCP Foundation. Their job revolves around collecting a bunch of artifacts from all over the world and locking them in the titular Warehouse 13 to stop others from misusing them, which is easier said than done, as the artifacts all have severe side effects, so you might have a trench coat that turns you invincible when worn, but also turns you into a serial killer, a butchers knife that will cure any injury, but transfer it to the next person who touches it, or a trident capable of causing cataclysmic earthquakes when stabbed into the ground. Some have accused the shows writers of stealing the idea from the SCP Foundation, but seeing how it was basically unknown at the time the idea would have been pitched, this is unlikely.
Poop
I can derelict my own balls
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn."
Let my people go!
I am right there with you.
Money. I'm living with the love of my life, working in a job that is easy enough not to make me suffer and my meds are finally working. If I could have more money, not even that much, I could live comfortably and be happy enough
Beforeigners
**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**  * [Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_6-) in **any** comment, parent or child.  * Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies.   * Report comments that violate these rules.  Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.  Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
that scene was so fucked
That was horrific. I know someone who was there that day.
People who think being annoyingly cynical all the time makes you funny.
Poop
Lie to me! Tim Roth is an amazing actor.
I finished highschool, but dropped out of university (College).  I was doing accounting and officially dropped out because I lost my car and had no way to get to classes, but honestly I wasn't feeling Accounting anyway.  For a few years after that I did some security work. Eye openly bad industry.  Now I'm a train driver, passenger trains, the pay is really good (over 100k aus) and I love the work.
For relaxing times, make it Suntory time.
Sometimes i just want to get away from everything. Have a sort of mental reset
Yeah in person would be better. Well I hope someday you have the time to get lessons
justn dont try to return to ithaka with her
Line of duty. The Netflix series not the movie. I wish I could watch it for the first time again.
Easy there Nurse Ratchet !!
Does that help?
Meghan is closer to being universally hated than liked. At least in the US she is. We liked the idea of her back in 2018. We liked that one of us (an American) was going to be apart of the royal family but then she turned out to be a narcissistic hypocrite who treats her staff like dirt.  So disappointing.
Go up against a Sicilian when death is on the line.  I was only just lucky that once.
I'm not disagreeing I was just curious lol
Happy Endings.  &#x200B;  I have never laughed so hard from a pilot. It's a shame that ABC gave up on it on the third season and that it shows.
Go to India
Lol, I had the same number try to call me **twenty three times in a row**, blocked as "Scam Likely".  Fhr next day a different one tried to dial me I think 15 or 16 times.
r/Advice no doubt
I am an old man and have protested! I did try to   make the world a healthier safer place for the generations that follow me I think for the amount of positive change I have helped bring about I may as well pissed up a rope. Online petitions are ineffective get out onto the streets in your millions and protest then you will also find out what it means to live in a so called free and democratic society. Good luck to you and keep a fire in your belly. Go stick it to the man!
Poop
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
“Looking” on HBO. I’m a straight female and I thought it was so funny and I related more to some San Francisco gay guys than the characters on Girls.
Going to the doctor when you’re sick without a mask. I mean it makes so much sense to use one when you are sick.
Make sure you feed your girlfriend at breakfast time - it’ll make the day go so much better.
Kind of personal tbh
“Pussface is chatting with a female”
Be competent and less compassionate. Men tend to be less nice and more assertive to get what they want. If you don't let anyonthing hold ypu back and ir you're willing to screw others over to get what you want youhave a higher chance of succeeding.   Most men and women aren't succesfull anyways.
Come on you apes, do you want to live forever?
"I don't have friends, I have family"
SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEN!!
if they drink a lot
The Bp oil spill
Some epic tv
Never explicitly been to an Asian country before (unless we count Turkey), but there's a native Japanese woman in my city who owns a ramen bar, so I have to say Ramen. They adjusted their recipes for us Europeans a bit, like making bigger portions and offering to add some of the fat from preparing pork belly to make it more savory, but I'm pretty sure at heart their bowls are still very authentic.  You can look up all the dishes on the menu, you'll find exact copies of them on google images.
I'm not even from the US and I have no idea what Illinois is, still nodding in agreement.
I'm a little late with this, but I still wanna share my incident.  It was September of 2020, we had been losing power that evening and so we decided to go to bed. I stayed up late, just looking at memes on my phone because that's what I do. I got up to go take my allergy meds and realized that our dining room was no longer dark. I looked out the front window and saw that a hill across the river from us was on fire. In fact there was a lot of fire pretty much all around us. I woke everyone up, and we packed as fast as we could, grabbed anything valuable, and drove out of town. That night most of my home town burned, as well as most of the surrounding area.  We found out later that our house burned shortly after we got out. Basically, we very well could have died in that house fire if I hadn't been up looking at memes on my phone.
Eureka is amazing. Doing a rewatch at the moment.
No, that's me. A hypothesis is
Assume that I’m about to eat avocado and not wasabi
Butt scratcher, it's just a repurposed brush bottle cleaner
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I think I’m in “Heaven”
Fuck the Pain Away by Peaches
Actual thor or dumbass marvel version
The floor is lava!
Honestly,  It’s like she joined the royal family with the express purpose of trying to ruin/change it. As if there isn’t an implicit agreement that you are JOINING the family, not them ACCOMMODATING you.  Megan Markle is a nobody and this is fucking British royalty. You accepted their customs when you married a prince. Instead she has sequestered Harry away and cried victim causing such unnecessary drama.  Such a narcissistic victim complex.
No one sucks dick like Gaston
Yeah, but funny.
I don't know how popular it is in the rest of the world but I never hear anyone in the UK talk about *Silicon Valley*. Such a great show.
No not at all, my childhood ice cream driver was this old creepy guy who seemed done with life, I guess life would be pretty miserable if you had to wake up every summer day to drive a ice cream truck everyday and listen to that song 24/7.
You had me at hello
Does it zap serotonin permanently? Not heard that
Its not really male dominated any more. Education is mostly female (~60%)    As for hostile- the general advice is always have a witness
She's not funny, but not the worst. I guess she has that going for her...
Bad Guys Vile City An Asian crime action mini series on Netflix Gripping story, acting, and great fight scenes.
Poop
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Just walking into a room seems to work for me
 Pee
What a dumb thing to say
Why not just burn it?
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there! Your question has been removed as it looks like you're asking a question that violates r/AskReddit's [Rule 3](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-)   DAE ("Does Anybody Else") questions and questions that can be answered with "yes" or "no" are not allowed in r/AskReddit. Try rephrasing your question to be more open ended, or submitting to one of the following subreddits:  - /r/polls - /r/DoesAnybodyElse - /r/DAE - /r/WhatIsThisThing   Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/sidebar) which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the mods](<http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit&subject=Help+Related+Post+Review+Request&message=My+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related,+please+review%3a%0d%0a%0d%0ahttp%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/s17xdr/post_the_saddest_story_of_your_life_and_receive_a/>).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Date a crazy person. I dated a girl during late high school. She was insane. Some of the highlights of our time dating.  * Waiting outside her house, in fairly cold weather, for her parents to go to sleep so I could sneak in and spend the night. * When at a small social gathering of friends she crawled in to cuddle with another friend for the night. * Double date at a friends house for movie night, wouldn't leave my penis alone, for the entire 2 hour movie. * Offer to flash my friends to get something. * Had a crush on another friend so pursued him (eventually married him)  Never again. There were other things, but man it was a wild and thankfully long gone ride.
Dragon ball xenoverse 2
Who eats schools?
Hairy Potter and the Order of the Penis  Hairy Potter and the Half-Blood Prick  Hairy Potter and the Sexy Hallows
**Gemini**    Today you will decided that it would be best to kill the President of the United States of America. A mortar launcher figures prominently in your future. The roof of the Rockefeller Hewitt building is a particularly auspicious place for mortar related activities. You shall have a chance encounter with like minded people under the Brooklyn Bridge on Friday at midnight. The phrase “Sic Semper Tyranis” shall open many doors to you.
It's a oldie but a Goldie The Wire.
Furries
So well done, one of my favorites
atleast youll die in your sleep, peaceful death
This heat death thing makes it clear that our priority at this time is not to colonize planets. We have many years of technology ahead of us and we only have to waste resources to nothing.
Gamble for massive sums of money
When a tomato grows out of your forehead, it gets you thinking. Life is a big, wild, crazy tossed salad, but you don't eat it, no sir, you live it!
Deja vu
I feel like Tony Blair should get his own shoutout.
Hmm this is a tasty burger
People
House M.D
Pastors. Pastors are a legal scam that are happening in 2022. God tells them to give you their money, but only they can hear him say that.
❤❤😭😭😭
Southside on HBO max. Hilarious
qooq
Squeezing toothpaste tube
Do you think we should tell her?
driving just walk
That's no moon...
Hey
Wayfaring stranger by Jack White
That's so interesting, thank you. I was kind of thinking that but didn't want to say cuz wasn't totally sure. It makes sense. You mentions it disregulated your dopamine system - doesn't MDMA predominantly impact your serotonin? Does it fuck with your dopamine too? I was always told that MDMA strictly impacts serotonin, and I know cocaine works more with your dopamine.
Good, although too many cowardly weaklings today equate simple criticism and accountability with censorship and fascism!
Alcohol Abuse. I currently work in construction & served 9 years in the military. If I had to put a number on it, I'd say somewhere north of 40% of people that are in these groups abuse alcohol to destructive levels.
U do. I was just joking. I like Justin too. Mainly his newer stuff
They eat rotted shark in Iceland. It’s called hakarl and Gordon Ramsay once declared it to be the most disgusting thing he’s ever put in his mouth.  I imagine that this dish was invented when some poor fisher folk found a dead shark on the beach, and buried it in the sand to keep it from stinking up their village.  Four months later, while they were going through one of Iceland’s many famines, they remembered the dead shark they buried.  It was dug up and provided enough nourishment to keep them alive.  It is traditionally consumed with like a shit ton of alcohol, because why else would they eat four-month-old shark carcass?    Most of Finland’s national cuisine seems to have been invented for similar reasons, namely, ”we live in a frozen swamp and we’ll die if we don’t eat this tree bark and rock hard bread and moldy turnips, and wash it all down with like a shit ton of potato vodka.”
It's interesting to think about what a huge difference the last 30 years made.  In the show, if they had been hit by the virus at our current level of technology where everyone could have so easily switched to working from home, it likely wouldn't have stunted their technological development at all.
Everyone starts out as a happy drunk. I’ve been drinking since I was 14 and I just now at the age of 32 am a sad, depressed, quick tempered, and apathetic drunk.   Some people click that in a few times when they drink. Some later. Or maybe we were never happy to begin with??
"Louie" by Louis CK. By far the best comedy series that has ever flickered over my tv.
Mr Inbetween. Only show that has flawless episodes, 3 seasons straight
"I'm the king of the world!"
Great Scott!
Why women kill. Every episode was  amazing and full of twists
Hoes
Faerie Tale Theatre
Mr. Bate
"Ill be back""  "Hasta la vista baby
No, I am your father
I really don’t.   For the record, I’m straight and I studied gender studies at uni.
“Luke, I am your father”
Atlanta for sure
Express my feelings.
Exactly what I said too. Maybe I don't understand the question.
Still need to catch up. I started the season when they get a black male bachelor but stopped after the first or second episode.
Thank you!
Idk how to explain it
Kath and kim
We have puppies and kitties! <3
HEREDITARY
Just started watching Station Eleven on HBOMAX. Pretty good so far.
My high point of going to church was beating the last gym in Pokemon Yellow mid-sermon.
Heck, now we all want to know
Poop
Rewrite the rules so people retain free will but don’t do evil shit to each other. Maybe eliminate natural disasters as well, if I can.   Can do literally anything, why not rewrite the rule book so everyone wins?
How does an all-powerful, all-knowing god who is said to be compassionate allow the horrors of war, abuse, and genocide to exist?
Russian Doll on Netflix! That show is so hilarious!
No, as much as I am disgusted by it, I believe that people have the right to come to that opinion. However, I don’t believe that they have the right to act on it.
No one can take it like Gaston
Talked with some friends today who still believe Trump’s beef with the NFL was based on patriotism and not his multiple rejections to purchase the Buffalo Bills nor his millions of dollars lost in his USFL franchise. Nothing like using your political office to work out a personal grudge and half of the country doesn’t give a shit.   On a side note, has ANY POTUS ever publicly attacked a private US business over an extended period of time before, attempting to REDUCE their revenue? Isn’t their job to support and help all US businesses to thrive and succeed?
I was laying in my bedroom with my boyfriend watching tv. I thought he pulled my hair but he swore he didn’t. I literally felt a hand glide through my scalp then yank my hair by the handful.
Star Wars Battlefront 2, the new one, what a fucking joke
The moment my mom pushed me out.
Lol, honestly I feel like that's the motto for my life half the time
Thanks, me too, but I know it won't unless we all work together towards it and, right now I'm feeling a bit disillusioned...so I'm gonna go make another cup of tea. 🥴🥴🥴😩😩😩
Makes sense. It’s the one Christian church making progress in the world of gender.
Make me the perfect girl?
People saying 'Happy morning' instead of Good morning.
Family reunion- blink 182
So like, some sort of treaty organization whose members protect each other from outside aggression and vow to not attack one another?  Sounds kinda far fetched to me
Not sure about million dollar idea, but i was thinking today that it would be neat if they made solar powered butterfly hair clips. So the wings beat gently in the sun.
In this world, they can’t, we have to completely dismantle the system for it to work, I’m not saying we definitely *have* to create a classless society but we probably have to create a classless society, also you are overreacting it’s not that bad
Actually not. I play free to play and have a lot of fun. You could spend a lot of money, but you don‘t have to. Therefore it is actually good.
Joined one week ago. I found many answers for my questions in google with reddit links.
Poop
Raising hope.
I have not seen this question in forever
“Did you touch my drumset?”
Allow women to vote
Esmeralda Weatherwax
Lebanese?
*Throws out all short sleeve shirts in closet
But I poop from there!
We live in a society
The success of crypto
fat dildo
Lack of self control when it comes to alcohol. Me and my bf are two drunkhards
I met an adult sibling who had never met our shared father. It was wild, we got super drunk and talked all night. They shared so many mannerisms and other quirky similarities to our dad that it was mind blowing at times.   We keep in touch here and there, send each other love, but don’t live anywhere near each other so never really got super tight or anything. Instant love there though, for sure! They met our Dad shortly after and they’ve been talking semi regularly on the phone but I think it’s still a fairly surface relationship.
If they make it to work most of the time.
May the Force be Ever in Your Favor, Frodo
We had a kid on my school whos parents were JW. Furthermore he always smelled strange, like his clothes had not been allowed to dry properly. He was a nice enough kid, but the weight of the bullying...  Anyway, i recall one day, this must have been in 5th or 6th grade, someone was talking shit to his face again, and i just noticed him clenching this pocket knife. So I grabbed the teacher, without the guy noticing, and they managed to get it from him. I recall him crying afterwards.  The worst was: i knew exactly how he felt. Being bullied everyday is soul crushing. Never being given any credit for anything, always being mocked and ridiculed for anything. Hoping to be ignored because that's better than the alternative. Having any feelings displayed disregarded, etc.   This kid had found a way to empowerment. To do something, to make them see him or at the very least fear him, instead of him fearing them. And this was taken away from them, the one chance he felt at rising from the pit he lived in shattered by those who were supposed to have prevented him falling into it in the first place.  I'm not saying he should have stabbed  anyone. I am still happy he was stopped, it wouldn't have helped anyone. I hope he is in a better place now. But my point is that the level of frustration that brought him to this... Thinking about it still hurts, and i doubt most people truly understand what brings kids to this, and if they truly cared, it would be solved.
Ramon Tikaram is of Indian (South Asian) descent, not Native American. That would be funny if true though.
a lot of popular movies have iconic quotes you may know even if you haven't watched the movies themselves. I couldn't really answer with one movie, but, honestly... star wars.
Social anxiety
Kind of a mid green. Has a vintage feel to it. About the the color of grass. It reminds me of being outside on a warm day.
Yeah. Code. Wax is on, he's gonna take you off. Gives them something to think about, throws them off balance. Got it?
The frequency of chin diapers going around for the last 2 years
JAMES CORDEN
It’s good we have those because we are quite developed now and need to stop any potential major conflict
They call mr MR TIBBS
New abortion laws.
Wish they'd finished it 😪
Zamn, you people in the reddit moment sub really need to understand what's a joke or not.
Shimakawa
this. my old bestie was one of those who would post all the mental health awareness crap on social media, got the semi colon tattoo etc then after i asked her to sit with me while the crisis team were on their way (my family was out of the country) she did but after that completely ghosted me. Never to be heard from again.   Don't be fake. If you don't have the strength to be there for someone be honest and say that and make sure they're still supported by others. Ghosting is so damaging.
Beer bong wine.
Been on a Boldy James kick lately. Gonna recommend Grey October, ft. Evidence. The alchemist remains undefeated in creating atmospheric, emotionally charged experimental hip hop production.
The real game begins.
It's a push by costal liberals to normalize transgenderism. To put it another way they're virtue signaling.   I'm trans and the last thing I would want is to have to disclose my fucking pronouns. I want to live a normal life not go around telling people "I'm a girl now teehee". Fuck  Your pronouns are obvious. If you need to tell people what they are then that's your problem.
Galaxy Quest?
The Death of Eric Cartman
I have extremely supportive parents who love me very much.
When you so desperately want to tell someone about your day... but can't. And this is every day.
Space Above and Beyond.  It only lasted one season as FOX did what FOX does and frequently kill good show they have.  Created and written by Glen Morgan and James Wong of X-files fame. Planned for five seasons.  People had trouble tuning in as it would frequently get shifted around due to football games and stuff and got canceled for it's low ratings.
I thought I found the one twice and both of them became lesbian a month later.💀💀💀 I'm aware of the effect I have on women
Haha I was singing "Kids show, kids show, oh my god it's a kids show." all day yesterday.
"Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul."
Poop
How you treat people matters.
Why can't I have the right to my opinion?
Myself. But also olives. Salty packets of the devil.
Because we are tried of today’s life
Hello there
Yep, yep, yep.  I recall she used to bang on so much about turning off the tap whilst your brushing your teeth, but was in  shock when it was pointed out to her normal people wash and change the bedsheets once a week, not daily, like her servants did for her.
Bored to Death on HBO.  Enjoyed all three seasons, great writing and story telling.  Ted Danson played his role perfectly.
my dad👍
Beleive that voting makes a difference. It's time to rise
If reinstalling drivers doesn't work then you can try and force a crash.  FurMark is pretty decent at making GPUs fall over. You can try running it, assuming you can get the GPU replaced under an RMA.
It's a new one but ARCANE was so very fucking good.
Oh man, the second watch of Mad Men is a wild ride. It's like watching a different show.
Poop
My switch. I'm just having a ton of fun playing it
Some long term relief is working out. Something I do on occasion is play video games. That’s my happy place.
I do this to my boyfriend and I think it's my adhd I have an obsession with having the answer NOW
Running up the stairs. Don't care how old I get, I will attempt to run up those stairs no matter what
I transitioned to it from sleep paralysis by imagining myself being pulled up off my bed like a marionette by its strings. Once I was “standing,” I staggered over to the mirror where I watched my face and hands melt. Then I just slipped into a regular non-lucid dream.
Capitalism!
Yeah, I love that show, especially the first season. I was so disappointed when they cancelled it!
Stfu Jesus Christ
Kipo and the Age of Wonderbeasts   Centaurworld   Rapunzel’s Tangled Adventure  Milo Murphy’s Law  Maya and the Three  Servant  Acapulco  Hanna
Cuz being gay is funny.
Justified.
Right at this moment. Feeling so lost  and alone.
Skydiving. Got it as a gift for my wife as she's always wanted to do it. Thought I'd go along (didn't want her to rib me for being 'soft') even though I'm not very good with heights.  Categorically the worst thing I've ever done. The free fall bit wasn't too bad tbh as I thought I might soon get the sweet release of death, but the second that parachute opened (which by the way means the harness nearly castrates you) and the guy controlling the stupid thing started spinning us round (to get down faster) I hated every second of it.  By the time we touched ground I just had to lay on the floor for a bit. I then felt sick, for a full 48 hours.  This was 2 years ago. My wife still laughs about it now....
My bones
Million dollar bill toilet paper
If you haven't watched Brockmire, go binge it on Hulu immediately.  Hank Azaria is fantastic in it, and the subject matter of the final season was perfect when it aired in the first few months of a global fucking pandemic.  You don't have to like baseball to appreciate it, either.
Ugly Americans. Ended too soon
Cobra Kai .
Party down is funny and sincere in a way a lot of shows try and fail to be.
88 MILES PER HOUR!
Sorry i can't double upvote it 🤣
Poop
Wherever my wife wants to go.
Homo sapiens
sounds sick
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
Came here to say this. Everything about that movie is beautiful.
I've genuinely never or heard anyone apart from myself who'd watched this show, before seeing this comment on this threa.
Senseless tragedies like mass shootings and natural disasters. Why wouldn't an all-knowing, powerful, and moral god prevent them? Didn't "he" create them?
Thanks a lot
I liked 'American Vandal' but no one ever talked about it in my media or friends bubble
Go through chemo/have cancer. 0/10 would not recommend.
The lead character in Fringe is extremely bland
Lift with your legs!
Look at me, I am the Capitan now.
Poop
My 11 months old having a seizure and me not being able to help her at all other than the “clear the space and keep them safe” drill
Poop
The only thing that makes sense to me is that it was happening by accident in nature somewhere. Maybe a branch fell down and was submerged in slow moving water for an extended period or something.
We unite and conquer the world
Happy Cake Day
Have you seen the episodes of Late Late with Thomas Lennon as Geoff Peterson? Fucking gold
Magic sunlight magnets
Me
“This guys a gangster? His real names Clarence”
Poop
noom is a glorified and normalized eating disorder
Norm MacDonald's Moth joke.(it's on YouTube)   I know some won't find it funny but I never get tired of it.
Wazzzaaaaaa!!!!!
Thou shall count to 3! No more. No less!   1.. 2… 5!     Three my lord!     3!!
Yes! Seen this countless times throughout the years because of a reddit recommendation.  [Here is an HD version on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEHyvVrFLIo)  >! At the third act, when all the chaos started amongst her friends, Emily watched it for a moment, turned and walked out the door into the "void".  I admire that kind of decision making to save herself and explore the unknown.  Still think about that decision to this day. Maybe messed up to abandon friends. At that point they're basically strangers.  !<
Mountain biking and gaming
I largely agree. Time travel might be possible. Traveling alone a single time line though, things are fixed and for the large part can not altered.  Dimensional travel is easier and can effect change there.
The Americans
No... People can pray for forgiveness or good things to happen for people who are sick or poor.
When I was maybe 11 or 12, on Christmas Eve, I remember being in the front passenger seat of my mom's Toyota Corolla as she drove to my aunt's house, terribly upset because my step father was spending Christmas Eve with friends instead of us.  (It had been going down hill for a long time already, and they were staying together for the kids kind of thing.)  I remember the street as it curved to the left, and she was upset as she drove quickly down the street.  She then said, "I should just kill the both of us right now, so that you'll never leave me."  Then, she swerved to the right as if to crash the car.  To this day, I genuinely believe she tried to commit suicide with me.  Since then, I never got into the car with her without large amounts of pillows.  Once I could start driving, I never let her drive me around again.
Buddo Skimp from Daytime TV. Watered his plants, cat and any mail while he was away and receive no pay once all the time
Mr. Stark? I don’t feel so good…
Lay it because I have a higher chance of leaving alive, and the chance to enjoy myself on top of that.  Also largely depends on the size of the dragon, because if they were too big, neither would be good.
Poop
Q. What’s made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones?  A. Trombones
All marvel movies
Dehydration
It's a *compliment*, for cryin' out loud!
I piss on my hand, I have no idea why but I do it anyway
Astrology and fortune tellers
Liminal spaces
[Here](https://youtu.be/bjpJMN0Ck20) at the 16:00 mark Zendaya (who's been much more famous for way longer) has to remind him that a 100+ million dollar movie is not at all an indie film. Still like him but he's definitely somewhat lost grasp with reality bc of fame
Poop
Is this satire? Haha...
bring me a Pepsi while you're out
People who back into spaces in busy parking lots. Pull in like a normal human being and get out the way
Poop
Look up the definition
That’s definitely a great accomplishment. Congrats
Why?
What made you not want to go?
I don't know if it is popular but I have never heard anyone talk about "[Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency (2016)](https://www.themoviedb.org/tv/67773-dirk-gently)"  I really enjoyed it and highly recommend it.
The first lap of the 1995 Indianapolis 500 and seeing Stan Fox spinning with his legs fully exposed after destroying his car in a wreck. Not knowing for those few seconds if other cars were going to hit him again or his legs would be smashed against the wall felt like an eternity. The most horrific crash I ever saw in person and not something I wish anyone to experience ever again.   You hear people say “I watch racing for the crashes” have never experienced the pure terror of watching that man crash and feel like you just watched him die in front of you.   The worst we through was happening to Fox did happen to Alex Zanardi a few years later.
Is he the one with the triangle fetish?
Poop
Ben Edlund also wrote for Firefly. Two shows cancelled way before their time
i try to talk things through, be as honest as i can (very strong feelings can hinder this, i think mine are stronger than what most people have) and avoid lying. i want to understand a person i cannot understand, but i cannot attempt that forever if that person doesn't let me. i want to honor my promises and my relationship by being faithful. i do not wish bad for regular people even if their behaviour has traumatized me, made me hate myself and want to end myself. i just want them to know what they've done, and understand and acknowledge it so they can be a better person next time.
Small pox or chicken pox. Ewwww.
I would genuinely like to see this.
Weed. Tried it the other day. I had a small dose and a Very Bad Time.
It is excellent for prostate health. Don’t get rid of it, embrace it!
I don't really think it has to do with believing or not believing in it... I mean it is a very legit thing. Tons of people did think Mandela was dead, tons of people did argue over how Berenstain Bears is spelled including myself (the thought was that it was stein not stain). Like, what's the debate about it not being real? People do serendipitous agree on things that never actually happened all the time.  I guess is your meaning, like, should the effect be called something else?
kill everyone
The only meaning life can have is the one you give it.
I like how in the genocide rought you flip the script and flowery actually begs for his life and "feels" something for once.
I cooked with fresh bird's eye chilis once. I'd cooked with frozen ones before and had been fine, thought nothing of it as I chopped them up and put them in my dish. I didn't wear gloves.  I SHOULD HAVE WORN GLOVES.  I'd put them in my dinner. Around midnight, my fingertips started to feel a bit tingly. By 1am, they had a decent burn going.  I managed to fall asleep, but they were still burning the next morning. I had to keep putting ice packs and towels soaked in cold water on my hands all friggin day. I tried every remedy on the Internet. Dawn dish soap. Rubbing alcohol. Nothing worked.  The burning didn't stop till late that night, so about 24 hours of constant burning. I was useless that whole period of time.  It's a lesson I'm not inclined to forget.
Run a 5K  I was SO psyched to do this when I first started getting in shape.  I'm gonna be an athlete!  I'm gonna love this, then next it'll be a 10K then a half-marathon and then YEAH BABY THE LA MARATHON!  So I, a plump middle-aged woman, trained diligently at the Y, with advice from all the different trainers, and picked a race that seemed pretty flat (LA, Chinatown), and on a day that would be cool (7am on a day in February).  Day of the race: I take off --there were about 2000 runners, apparently it's a popular race--they do a 5K and a 10K.  Literally everyone passes me almost immediately.  And it's hot.  80 degrees.  In February.  WHY?    And then--it gets worse--the course took a sharp left turn and started going up, up, up, up, up towards Dodger Stadium.  Anyone who hadn't already passed me, continued to pass me.  The ladies who were just trotting along and chatting passed me.  I sweated and panted and hoarsely tried to catch my breath as I slowed almost to a walk.  I hadn't even passed the first mile marker yet.   I started to mutter "Never again.... never again.....I know we Jews use this saying to demark the Holocaust, but from now on it shall demark Me Running another 5K race...."    Then I finally got to the top of the hill, where they had the SECOND mile marker.  I'd somehow missed the first marker, and also they had a lot of WATER to drink.  And the rest of the course was downhill!   I bravely continued, thinking "I'll speed it up a bit," only to discover I literally could not move any faster than the very slow trot I was mustering up.  More people sped past me.  I figured I was literally going to come in dead last.  But here came the third mile marker, only a bit more to go... I can do this.... I literally staggered across the finish line.    The funny part was I didn't come in last, I actually came in about 40th in my age group, and would have been even higher ranked in my ACTUAL age group!  And made my best time, as mortifyingly high as it was.    But all I can say is.... NEVER AGAIN.    On the plus side, I took up weight training and love it.
[NSFW]When i was in high school, I use to always catch the big yellow school bus home.  (Some Context) It's not a normal thing because I'm from The Bahamas where everyone mostly uses public busses or carpools with friends. Headed home one day my friends and I were in the very back of the bus. We had to ride through a small community where there was an elementary school and normally small kids (ages 7 and above) walking home or through the community after school.  Apparently, it was known in the community that the smaller kids would would run to cross the street right before cars were close to make them slow down or stop and run through  shortcuts or bush roads laughing.  Kid runs in front of our school bus and gets hit (about 30 kids are in the bus) and we literally felt his b**y get hit. The driver swerved to avoid hitting anyone else which caused the kid to go underneath the bus and for some reason he flipped and hit the side of be r0ll3d over by the right side of rear tires. (Same side I was on) I felt everything. Saw his lifeless body, brains and everything on the road. so yeah I've seen alot growing up in the Carribbean and this was one of the worst. RIP to the kid
Super volcano!
Southland
"You've got red on you."
The Great Unemployment Claim
Hello there!
Yknow what im gonna do that
Because nothing else matters...
The National Express - by the Divine Comedy
“Oh shit. There goes the planet.”
Yes!
No. That's not true.
I don't think The Expanse gets enough credit
Firefly
My Talk Show
Miracleblades.       Came with a lifetime warranty. Went out of business every two years to void all warranties, then relaunched. Rinse and repeat that about 5 times throughout it's career.
People who care too much about others choices even though it has 0 effect on their own lives. People who are pro life, against gay marriage, transphobic, what have you. If we are all nice and just worry about our own lives the world would be a better place.
Deadpool
“Welcome to Jurassic Park”
Two ladders-- be harder, smarter, faster-- or pull a Lana Del Rey.
Not a “good” story but such a great movie
  >Imagine making a really thin cigarette and sticking it inside your pp.  No thank you I don't think I will
Yeah I remember during the somewhat recent tensions, there were like bombings where  many children and innocent Syrian civilians were killed. To me the first thing to say is "we must focus on ending the violence, children and innocent civilians are being killed", not just siding with who you generally side with (everybody will understand this anyway).   And I know what's happened to innocent Israelis before, and Jewish people in general all over the world too - I hate antisemitism with a passion, but I also hate Islamophobia and anti-Middle Eastern peoples sentiment in general towards any category with a passion too. The whole situation is very nuanced but that's irrelevant sometimes, because sometimes you should admit when bad shit is bad shit.
Poop
Vitamin water.  It's essentially Kool-Aid with a dissolved centurm in it.  People will pay a $2.00 for something that cost 3 cents to make, and they'll think they're being healthy for some odd reason.
Why did you stay?
*Homo sapiens* or the genus *Homo*?
Saft 👍
Firstly i woud do somethings for my self, like giving me the power of time control, then unlimited money, invisibility, teleporting, flying, mind control. Then i woud do something for the whole world, ending world hunger, makimg it so everyone has the same chanche for a good life..
Funny story - I was cutting up roo for dog meat, so knife in hand, up to my elbows in blood. Heard a knock in the door and answered it without thinking, still with knife, blood and a smile in my face. The JW at the door didn't hang around for some reason.   I was about 15. They never came back. Good, LEGAL way to scare off the door knockers 🤣
Nickelback
25 years old, committed relations always.   Let me tell you, it’s not that I’m “tired” of seeing my gf’s body, I’m just use to it. You know that feeling when you FIRST see someone naked and you’re excited and like “oh boy!”? Yeah that fades away the same way people don’t watch the same porn video a million times.   Although, that doesn’t mean I don’t find my gf attractive. My gf is by far the hottest and most beautiful woman I have ever been with And she’s a real treat to be with.   When she bends over: of course I’ll love to see that and spank her   I still have sex with her very often.   Idk how else to explain. But when we’re not hot and horny and she’s walking around naked (fresh out the shower) it’s not like I stare at her like “oh boy! Time to fuck!”   So define boring? Cause I’m deff not “bored” but I wouldn’t check her out too much passed a glance if we’re doing normal house things. But if she was in the mood and being sexy? I’d do my equivalent of what “destroying her” would be (sexually)
Climate change, not prioritizing colonizing other planets, astroid, obesity, illness, nuclear war, and lastly heat death (if we survive that long).
I think that was meant to show how Gretchen's depression didn't go away even if she was mostly happy. Depression is just something you manage. You never really get "cured."
The earth
Nylon Takamine guitar from 1977. Got it from some kid in California
I can understand the awe.  That is one of the ways people die.  They can get almost hypnotized by a tornado.  My mom and step-dad had one hit their house in Ohio in the 70s and they got caught up watching it come and almost didn't get to the basement in time.
Nicholas Hoult was wasted on X-men. He’s absolutely fucking amazing. Even when he’s playing a Peter look alike, I truly believe that it’s just another person.
Liberated..you realize facebook intentionally starts fights...ppl are all just nosey insecure bitches...everybody just gone hate and be toxic for no damn reason...so the effects that come with that are increased happiness, creativity, privacy, and better quality life because youre not always being notified to death by fb
It's actually nice to see your comment after reading [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/s0pfsy/how_common_is_men_resenting_their_wives_after/). It's nice to see a reminder that resentment around pregnancy isn't universal.
my favorite thing about that scene was that a lot of it was unscripted even down to Depp falling down those steps.
ADRIAAAAAAAN!!!
Manhattan.  Awesome show with a great supporting cast. Only two seasons, but exciting the whole way. If you're a fan of the Marvelous Mrs Maisel, she stars in it, as well as the woman from Netflix's Evil. They are both great in it.  The show follows two competing groups of scientists who try to build a bomb in the 1930's, base off the real life Manhattan Project.
I’m convinced it got canceled because it was too accurate a criticism/lampoon of corporate America.
Don't fuck around near train tracks
Weeds!  Created by Jenji Kohan.  Great show.
Yeah, I liked Pushing Daises quite a bit as well.
Love Song for Myself - Electric Six. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkivHOSVXaQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkivHOSVXaQ)
Study computer science, the magic equivalent of our world
Will power
Slurm
Saft 👍
The only cruise I'm even tempted to go on would be one of those fandom convention cruises.  Where they have all the con stuff going on, screening shows, talks with authors and artists, panels on characters, cosplay contests, dances.  And they also have stops in exotic and scenic places.  If I'm just there to eat buffet and look at the ocean, no thanks.
Currently on Paramount +.
A suicide via jumping off of a building.  Everyone knows that it's a horrible sight to see a human body with bones sticking out, head smashed like a watermelon, limbs in unnatural positions.  ...but what people probably don't know is the sound of the impact. I mean its +80kg or so of meat and bones smacking on concrete, it is so fucking LOUD.
By very definition is not.
Poop
I loved when they presented things from "their" perspective.  Season 3 should have focused on another rift opening up someplace else entirely, and in that third universe, the original rift in Germany also opens up to to *another* universes, which has it's own new third universe... ad infinitum!
***fucking off***
Greta Thunberg
Honestly I wouldn’t know. Sadly I was just stereotyping with the vodka lol. I know fuck all about good vodka nor its origin.
Stay positive! I hope all goes well… I’m doing great thanks for asking
It's not your fault
Great book, like all his books
Either outcome could be considered a win depending on how you look at it
The Americans. If it had been made 10-20 years earlier it’d be talked about in the same way that The Wire is.
It could also be irrelevant to the T
Exactly. Change something
I love Zootopia
Say hello to my little friend!
Some of the games that I watch is usually expensive or just that I don't want to spend money. Or just watching other people get scared of horror games because either you're too scared to play it alone or you are unable to get scared.
All things trump
Man, the dark pit I’d be in during the long Pacific Northwest winters were so so so so terrible.   I still will take it every now and then if I go to a show or dancing but the rate at which I did before? .the reminder of the sadness really prevents me
???
Poop
"What's in the box?!"
Amber Heard
*Your mom!*  &#x200B;  *^(I'll uh... see myself out.)*
Poop.
Get lasik surgery again. That shit ruined my eyes.
All righty then!
Badges? We don’t need no stinking badges!
Megalovania
Squirrel
thanks for your advice.
Steve Martin
He was one of the stand outs in The Expanse for me, his belter accent was incredible. I don't know if there was a scheduling conflict or something but his character disappeared and was killed off sreen and I wasn't happy about that.
Limitless, even had Bradley Cooper reprising his role from the movie
Armageddon from 1997
Poop
Is real (optional)
Blowjobs
Nah. Its Russia. Its die or do. Cus if you're trying to go middle you will only survive with small wage and a weight of a credit.
Well, people will still have freedom to do what they want. It's just that consequences will be more... immediate in this particular instance. If you want to manipulate or abuse people, go for it, just don't bring God into this.
Nope, skinny people absolutely do not have it as bad as fat people. I’m not saying they don’t also catch flak, but the amounts and intensity are just not comparable.
Psycho Mantis from Metal Gear Solid
In terms of wyverns that’s small
Stellaaaaaaaaaa
do the thing
Could be?
yes some form correct.
The myth faded for me about a decade ago. What changed?
Andy:(Yelling out at of his window): I SUCK, I SUCK, I SUCK!  Wally: No. You don't suck, Andy!  Gus: SHUT THE HELL UP, THE BOTH OF YOU'S!
I consider a bad trip on lsd or shrooms to be losing touch with reality. A drug induced psychosis, so to speak. Not fun, you're no longer in control of your thoughts or actions. You could seriously harm yourself or someone else.
Ignore my health. I've always kept good track of the issues I know I have, but my best friend's death due to undiagnosed Diabetes in September has opened my eyes to watch out for things I don't know if I do/don't have.
Murder people
I'm terribly sorry this happened to you, such an awful thing to have to witness
Your health.
I reckon the first 6 words seal it.
Dark
Bic makes pretty good lighters.
The music I listen to.
Haha dukes is sugar free haha, weird difference tho! Maybe someday I’ll try this American Mayo!
Sorry, it’s 3 a.m. here & my brain’s getting wonky. Yeah, I could respect their intentions & what they do to help people, but I can’t respect whatever dollar amount they throw at a problem. So I can respect someone for wanting to help people & let’s say getting a community food, but I can’t respect that it may have taken $50,000 to do so. The amount of money required to help people isn’t the newly wealthy person’s design. it’s just the circumstances they can now afford to overcome. That they choose to is admirable, but the $ amount is meaningless to me, & so it’s not something I can respect.
Then yes, that happened if it did. Great question for this sub
Yeah that is fair. Which city were u referring to though?
Squidward
That sounds like the trick.  When i die I don't wanna regret anything either.  Thank your for your wisdom.
Poop
> because the nobles hated him for making reforms and she returned to more status quo.  Well there is that, but it's mostly because of the fact that Russia was on the cusp of total victory against Prussia in the Seven Years' War, but then Empress Elizabeth died and Peter III (a Prussophile and admirer of Frederick the Great) succeeded her, who then proceeded to unilaterally withdraw and return all Prussian lands conquered by Russia to Frederick the Great and allied Russia with Prussia. This was called the Miracle of the House of Brandenburg.  Naturally everyone who fought in the Seven Years' War and all the nobles and the Russian people became angry and resentful of Peter III for what he did, and this is what sparked the coup of Catherine the Great and the overthrowing of Peter III.
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Hi there, your post has been removed for one of the following reasons:   * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) You must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just "yes" or "no".  You may want to try to post your question in /r/polls.  * [Rule 3:](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_3-) Questions with a single correct answer, that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on AskReddit.  * [Rule 1:](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_1-) You must post a clear and direct question in the title.  *The question must be a full sentence*.  Try including question phrases like "What is...", "What are...".  *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
The wrong guys on Hulu . Only one season but was amazing
Review with Forrest MacNeil.   Party Down.  Devs.
Just negativity, You’re beautiful
You know it's not your fault, right?
I don't trust any synthetic drugs after k2
I was on reddit before the 2014 great banning. I saw fat people hated,  people dying, the fappening, and once even something quite possibly illegal on Reddit.
That we live in a world where people will pay 500k to “live”  next to snoop dog in the metaverse but children die of lack of access to vaccines and mosquito nets.
Poop
Is cauliflower traditional?
Doing what?
I'm still scarred by iTunes. And that's been well over a decade ago.  Won't touch their shit anymore.
No one is gay like Gaston
Username tho lmao
About everything I ever watched.
 I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.
Crackers and juice for brunch <3
Ever looked into magic mushrooms? I’ve heard it can be beneficial
Saft 👍
Bisexual female here. I'd say I became aware of it back in 2019, but it triggered revelations about feelings I had for other girls way back in school, that I was reluctant to name back then but now realise were crushes. I've since dated only guys, but I still find women attractive and would be open to the idea of dating a woman if my current relationship ended.
There's always a rapey-er fish.
Makes sense.
That entire year was the year of slimey whisper and sloooooww talking villains between him and baldur in god of war.
It did return from hiatus....in like 2000. Then was promptly cancelled and sold off to Cartoon Network for Adult Swim.
One night when I was 17, my bedroom door slammed shut as I dozed off. So I guess it could’ve been like something else somehow messing with my head, like a dream or something. But I’m certain it slammed shut, like when the bedroom window is open on a windy day. But everything was closed and the house alarm was on (implying that no windows could be opened). I checked the house and nothing was off
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.**  Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 2](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/wiki/index#wiki_-rule_2-). Please check that your post doesn't contain the following issues:  * **Your post cannot have first person pronouns (I, me, my, etc)**  * **Your post can't be specific to your situation or involve a story. Please make sure to depersonalize your question (such as removing personal pronouns) and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again.**  **Please use one of these subreddits:**  * Need advice? /r/advice or /r/self or /r/relationship_advice   * Can't remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    * Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit. Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited. If your title breaks the rules, please feel free to [make a new post](/r/askreddit/submit?selftext=true) that fits within the rules.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Some apes also bury their dead. It's interesting to see how much we have in common with animals. I'm not saying that compassion is unique, it's very well documented that animals show compassion to one another and are capable on some level of empathic thought. But I do think that our attempts to care for and provide for people in society who can no longer do so, while still striving to treat them as equal rather than burdensome is uniquely human. To me that's a step even above compassion that as far as I know we haven't seen exhibited by many animals aside from us.
A week of peace quiet
at least you’re honest about who you are in your username
The first time I drank beer (corona) it tasted like vomit in a bottle. After that I haven’t taken a sip of beer again. I never understand how anyone can enjoy beer, but to each their own I guess.
Well I know which show I'm pirating next!
When I realized that I liked being around women as much as I like being around men in the same way.
How so?
But animal raised for consumption are abused.
Humans are very fragile but tough
Females
For 30 seconds of work?
OMG, that's awful, how far did it go, and what exactly happened,  because i never want to something like this to happen to me.
I predicted Steve’s death when I was a teenager. He was too careless with safety. I was so sad to be proven correct.
I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder.   Or the one I use all the time: That’ll do Donkey
Dropped out of high school and worked a couple shitty jobs, got my GED and worked more shitty jobs. In my early 20’s I got into IT and have been doing it for 25+ years now. No ragrets.
Cilantro. Idk how it doesn’t taste like soap to everyone else I just don’t understand
Michael Jackson  Can't tell me he isn't a pedo cause he died
The most breweries per capita of any us city
All roads lead to porn?  It all makes sense now.
Cure cancer
I don't REALLY want him dead (I *really* don't, I promise), but my most recent abuser. 🙃🙃🙃 I'd use it and then resurrect him. And I'd probably just do that occasionally whenever I got really pissed off thinking about what he did (and continues to do) to me, lolbvs.
I am borrowing this idea from a Silver Surfer from Marvel Comics What if storyline.  Id give ever single human on earth Cosmic Awareness.  For a brief moment everyone would know everything   The suffering of the poor, war-weary, starving, afflicted by disease, and also the feeling of wealthy and no worries and no problems.  When all of humanity learns what others are doing to others and how much suffering there is maybe people would set aside their differences and help each other.
It was a Christmas gift from a very supportive grandpa, but a cursory google search of my model (which is far more than sufficient for personal use and I can personally confirm does indeed show sperm) tells me that you can get one from [their site](https://omaxmicroscope.com/awarded-2018-best-compound-microscope-omax-40x-2000x-lab-led-binocular-microscope-with-double-layer-mechanical-stage-w-blank-slides-covers-and-lens-cleaning-paper.html) for $244, and with free shipping apparently. This model is awesome and comes with all the accessories you would need like slides, cover slips, immersion oil, lens papers, etc. and has a really nice bulb. I don't think it's the exact same one I have because mine also came with a digital USB camera attachment so you can hook it up to your PC and view on there, but I think you could probably buy that separately anyways. They do have far cheaper models as well, but I can't speak to how well they perform or if you'd get enough magnification to see what you're hoping to.   &#x200B;  I cannot recommend it enough, though I'm probably biased haha. Getting that microscope for Christmas as a 13 year old is probably a huge part of the reason why I love bio so much today and am about to finish my degree in Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Bio.
Don't forget, it must not go in the toilet bowl, but around the toilet bowl, some on the floor and a little bit on the wall (for extra confusion of what goes on)
Lizzo is also a musician, isn't she?  I don't her gender is the reason she's "allowed" to talk like that.
When she uses her periods as an excuse to allow herself to act like a plain evil person.   "Independent" girls who don’t understand the actual meaning of independence and just neglect their boyfriend.   A girl who gets everything paid by her parents and still lives with them as an adult.
My sister’s best friend lives near a pretty cool trail that takes you up to this rock ridge where you can see the sunset over the city, so we hiked up there, cooked over our fire and debated on staying the night. Eventually we decided to just head home, but it was pitch black outside, so we were fumbling through the woods with one flashlight. I heard something crunching leaves and twigs, but it was walking as quietly as possible. With our one flashlight, we landed on a pair of eyes that crouched low to the ground as a reaction to our light. These eyes were high up, close together like a cat, and huge glowing white. We kept our cool and made it back to the house, but who knows if they followed us. All I can think about is if we were still up on that ridge and they were walking towards the smell of our fire, which was up on a steep cliff where we would’ve been cornered. I presume it was mountain lions but they’re not recognized as a native animal in my state. Whatever they were, made me stop hiking at night though :(
the warmth of a women's touch
Made him an offer he couldn't refuse
The Grimm
That road trip that he and Paul take is tv perfection
Tell us more?
My first computer was an commodore amiga 500+
Where is the proof that they are real? If there is no proof they exist, they don't. Simple as that.
Did we just become best friends?
Yellow Ledbetter
Keanu Reeves
Masturbate
i was hit by a car when i was 9, i was short for my age, probably barely a metre tall. guy was going 40km in a 7 seater car, should’ve killed me but i walked away with not a broken bone. It happened to be library day at school and i read a lot, 10 books in my backpack. i still believe they saved me from getting completely wrecked. had PTSD from it for a good 5 years but still a bit jumpy around roads.
Go for broke its a board game
**PLEASE READ THIS MESSAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE TAKING ACTION.  YOU HAVE FAILED TO ASK A QUESTION IN YOUR TITLE**  Your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/advice**  * **If you're looking for a fact based answer, try /r/answers**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Most weekends.  Can't get away from it at work (stupid agile ceremonies), but weekends can be silent and just listen to the world around me.
Does he *LOOK*... like a *BITCH*?!  So many quotes from this movie would work here.
Poop
Vinegar. The smell and taste are vile and it's also an acid in the same family responsible for the smell of sweaty socks and vomit (butanoic acid is just bleghhhh)
Ah don’t know how to deliver no babies
By very definition it is
My Minecraft Dog plush. No joke, I had it way back when I was just 6
Yep went to complete opposite sides of the North American continent, smart.
Open a journal, start writing down, what's your current situation? where are you coming from in life? why things are bad? why are they not so bad? where do you want to go in life? what job do you want? what relationships do you want? WHY? what can you do right now to achieve these goals? answer these questions and read the answers everyday
degenerates by ADTR
The less I know the better
sounds like a lot of yall here need therapy
Timeless. I know the fans fought for it and loved it, but I personally don’t know many people who watched it. It’s on Hulu now, I think, and definitely worth the watch.
Yeah, this was a definite sleeper hit. Went in blind, was pleasantly surprised
born in 2001 and these comments are really screwing with me. This sounds like how life was supposed to be lived. Every single one of these comments that has been replaced by mobile phones feels like it is the more human way of that task being done. They don't even sound like *that* much more of a hassle, just slightly more inconvenient. I'd trade that extra sliver of convivence any day to go back to this way of life. I know you want what you can't have but this ridiculous dependency I have on my phone for absolutely every single little thing makes it feel like I'm being cheated out of truly experiencing a human life, and I don't think anything a mobile phone could do would surmount that.  Off topic I know but it just seemed that every single comment continued to solidify these thoughts in my head.
I really loved Messiah on Netflix. It had a really cool is he Jesus or not plot going on the entire time and a good cliffhanger at enof the season.  Naturally it got cancelled before season 2 but I'd really love to see where it was going.
Incorrect. People should be criticized and condemned for their opinions, it helps them understand if it is something they actually believe in or if it is something that isn’t worth believing in. However, I don’t believe in imprisoning people because of their opinion alone.
Idkkkk, if you ever been to prison, you meet people with long sentences and literally no support on the outside. From my experience you get some deodorant that didn’t do shit, soap (which was usually so small it lasted a day or two) and toothpaste, a couple shirts, pants, socks, and these flat uncomfortable shoes (Bruce Lees they call it lmao) when you arrive, but other than that you have to acquire everything else through commissary including more soap, tooth paste, cloths, shoes ect. Idk how it works everywhere but where I was at most jobs payed 75 cent a day which meant you made 5.25 a week if you were able to work all 7 days. Tooth paste, bar soap (not counting shampoo and conditioner) and deodorant on commissary would definitely cost more than that. But if you have no support on the outside, it’s not like you really have a choice. And the worse part is you can receive a weekly care package of the same soap, deodorant and toothpaste from when u came in, from the prison as long as your indigent and the only way to qualify as indigent is to have less than 5$ in commissary for at least 3 months. So for guys that had no support on the outside they did seem like slaves. Since they pretty much have no choice but to work these jobs to make a little bit of money to be able to by basic shit to take care of themselves. But at the same time these workers had way less than every other prisoner who has someone supporting them on the outside.
Why do people worship Jesus Christ? or Buddha? They were good men but those people really worship them?
American food >
Where we're going - we don't need wheels.
when the door is left opened!!
So, common-mars elements?
Obviously myself
Never, as gas cars will be retrofitted with ev batteries…  Depends on the govt and country mandates?  A very long time as the third world is still using bicycles.
That's horrifying.  I'm very sorry it happened to both of you.
An R-rated war movie set in the Star Wars universe could potentially be good.
You ever hear a boston girl have an orgasm?
Git gud
Slow, gradual process for me. I always felt that if anything I'd be bi since I do like women (as a man myself), but in time I realized that it was probably just that I do prefer women, but wouldn't mind if it's the right guy either.  Not sure about pan since I know nobody who is NB personally, doubt that it would matter though.
go back to sleep
yes! I rented a private theater to see the new spider-man with my bf and his friends and there's 2 that still have not paid me back their share and it's getting awkward asking
Ah yes I also loved the ent scene in lord of the rings
Redish colors. Red, orange, wine red, cherry pink.  I don't think it's the colors but because it's the last day of my vacation and I loath my job.
Same here. Both Danish and British version
Yeah real funny turning gatekeeper once somebody isn't into your very own little bubble of memes. Fuck off.
run wizard harry that’s not A knife
Yes, Farty Owls, was a masterpiece, as well.
I would be fine living there at all, as long as it's underground. Having seen parts of Kansas around Olathe, it's absolutely beautiful country.
Give birth.   No thanks.
That show was the very definition of "start as you mean to go on".  From the very first episode:  > Veronica: We need a mouse that can stand temperatures of 195 degrees. > Ted: [to audience] We can do that.   > Ted: [to Veronica] Uh, computer mouse or live mouse?   > Veronica: I'll get back to you.   > Ted: [narrating] Every  day, there's something new waiting to be discovered.   > Veronica: [entering office] Computer mouse.   > Ted: Easier.
ce,e
I mean, he kinda looks like Jesus
Hello Peter
“My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius”
What's Saft?
Karthrashians
Who gives who free speech    are you talking about the government?
I find them very attractive on Asian men, specifically Korean and Japanese where it is very frowned upon. Apparently it's to do with potential gang connotations.  It's not a big deal where I live in Australia, heaps io people have them, but it's still hot AF.
Eat KFC
*small*
I love Brian may :)
What's another?
It isn't worth living. I'm only around because some people would be hurt if I'm gone.   I have never wanted to be alive, and still do not enjoy it.
Drunk driving.
I got a detention in 5th grade for this. My one and only detention ever. Don’t do it much anymore because of that damn 5th grade teacher. I didn’t forget about you ms mercier
Are you not entertained?!
Ignorance is bliss
Take down the patriarchy, biatch!
May the force be with you
Snuff Box , creative, quotable, bizarre, hilarious, only 6 episodes!
Mostly, the lack of engine noise
“With great power comes great responsibility”
did you see what precipitated it? i read somewhere they had been interacting since one got on pretty far east
I am late to this but I am putting it out there regardless, this year I will finally meet the love of my life, I have waited long enough!
America will be a good country.
Eastenders
I‘m a pimp, and pimps don‘t commit suicide
Singing. I've got so many songs I love to lipsync over on but my actual skills are below trash tier
black sails.
No, it isn’t, pal.
Misfits. Might be talked about but I never see it.
Heres a few: “May the force be with you” or “Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.” Theres also “Sexy American girlfriend!” and while you’re at it, take some “Huston, we got a problem”
i've been around fairies