What moment touched your heart yesterday?
what would your superhero costume look like?
Comment
What crimes can you do without moving a muscle?
Why some people have problem with interracial relationships?
What do you think about babies and small children being vegetarian?
What are you going to say if for 15 seconds you have the world's attention?
smokers of reddit, what's it like?
Which serial killer do you find the most fascinating?
What’s the worst website you have ever been to?
When was the moment you realised you fucked up?
What's the most uncomfortable sex position?
People who are from a mixed background. How do you explain your ethnicity to people who are curious?
What’s the most historically accurate writing in the Bible?
What’s a great starting job for someone who’s older (27) that’s never worked a day in their life?
What is that one thing that you'd say to a celebrity if you ever got a chance?
What would you do if your crush said she used to be of the opposite sex?
Did you ever learn something good from a movie ? What is it ?
to all the very smart people, on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best, can reddit be one of the best/reliable resources to learn a topic/skill specifically when it comes to big subreddits like the one for excel, or cscareerquestions as an example, where they have their own wiki pages & why or why not?
What is the biggest hypochondriac moment you have seen or had happen to you?
What is the first game you ever played?
what chrome extensions that are useful to you?
What is a song that is so connected to the time it was written and recorded, simply listening to it makes you feel transported back to that time?
What would you eat if it was your final meal?
People who have felt pain in a dream, what was the most pain you experienced in one?
Your browser history gets revealed. What does everyone learn about you that wanted to keep secret?
What’s the real reason your still up this late ?
Readers of Reddit what books are a must read before you die?
How would you personally explain the differences between a cute girl, a sexy girl and a hot girl?
What was your experience when you went on a date, really liked the other person but didn't get a 2nd date?
What is state of eligibility proof in JoSAA? Domicile or 12th passing or 12th marksheet.?
What decision do you still regret to this day?
What is the number one motto that you adhere and live by?
What's the most unsatisfying book or movie you've ever encountered?
What kind of clothes do you wear to Vegas?
What's one fictional character who you relate to the most?
Halloween 🎃👻 is soon to be approaching, what do you plan on being? What was your favorite costume you have ever been?
what is one thing everyone can agree on?
What myths do you believe in?
If Reddit existed all the way back in the Stone Age, what questions would be asked here?
If home is technically a social construct, what other term could be used for homeless people?
What do you think about girls with pixie cuts?
What question are you too scared to search on Google?
What do you keep reminding yourself of most if the time?
Twin Peaks fan, what do you love about the show?
What interesting fact or “big” truth can we discover by doing math?
What’s the difference between going to College and going to Uni?
What was your lucky moment of the day?
what’s something you went through that you wouldn’t wish on your worst enemy?
You find out that in the next 30 minutes you are going to explode, what would you do?
The Galactic High Council found out that "Earth" is copyrighted, it needs a new name. How do we call it?
What is the first thing that you do if you would become a homeless?
What is the first thing that you would do if you become a millionaire?
Successful people of reddit, what was your first job, and what do you do now?
What was the monster that terrorized your childhood called? What did he look like?
Men and Woman of Reddit what was the craziest party experience you every had?
Why are you about to go to Incognito mode?
What is something you’ve sworn to never do again?
What conversations have you overheard in a language they assumed you don't know?
What was the moment when your favourite tv series or movie saga hit rock bottom?
What's your first move after seeing $1 billion dollars in your bank account?
if someone gave you a box with everything you lost in life and you had a chance to get something back ... what would you take ?
Who is the most misunderstood historical figure?
What's the funniest thing that has happened while you were in the middle of shmexy time?
What was the longest amount of hours you have stayed up for and why?
What can cause a body to spontaneously combust?
What did you do to get out of depression?
Asking as a waitress: would it make customers more comfortable if one wears a mask while serving them when the masks laws are lifted?
What are some good jokes to tell at a wedding?
Fat people, why are you fat?
If Reddit shut down, what social media platform would you move on to?
What are the best martial arts for self-defense in a street fight?
Customs Officers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing somebody has tried to bring into your country (other than drugs) ?
Pot smokers of Reddit, how has the pandemic effected the "puff puff pass rule" when hanging out with your fellow smokers?
What happened for you to realize that the friends you were with were not friends?
What are the most iconic villain quotes?
In big concerts what all things happens back stage?
What is an iconic food dish where you are from and what’s the name of your favorite spot to get it?
What’s it like at overnight camps?
What’s the cringiest slang in your opinion?
People who are sure they’re having kids, why?
How do you escape your problems?
Samurai Jack vs Venom, who would win?
What’s something in your life that seems like it was straight outta a movie?
Do You Greatly Miss The Year 2007? Why Or Why Not?
what are the stories behind your scars/tattoos, if you have any?
If you can move to any country you want, which one will you choose ?
What is the funniest/coolest tik tok video you’ve seen?
What is something that shouldn’t be taboo, but is?
What song (in another language you don't understand) do you love?
What gets wetter & wetter the more it dries?
People of reddit, do any of you feel sad/angry when someone is complimenting/praising you? Especially publicly?
What embarrassed you at the time, but you now laugh about?
What’s your made up superpower?
What are some good horror movies are that are not focused on gore?
How do you think the world would change if there was definitive evidence of God's nonexistence?
If you somehow magically got a billion $ in cash, what's the first thing that you'll spend it on?
Authors of Reddit, what advice would you give an aspiring author?
Which 2 movie worlds you want to see collide ?
What would you do if you were the prettiest human alive ?
Girls of reddit, romantically speaking, what was the sweetest thing a guy has ever done to you?
what is your paranormal story?
What would you do with a prehensile tail?
which is the cutest animal ?
What are some of the best running shoe brands?
You can go to one point in time between the years 0021 - 2021 and will stay there until your death where do you go and why?
What was a reason for yourself being late that sounds fake, but was actually true?
What’s the hardest struggle with poverty you have every faced?
What is the scariest video you've ever seen on the internet?
What jobs are good for imagination?
Which AskReddit post is your favourite?
What memory would you pay to have Removed from your head?
Non Americans, what false or outdated stereotype about your culture or country they are still showing in movies and series.?
What is that cheap/free thing you can do/get to massively improve your lifestyle?
What are some misconceptions about burning out ?
What is a quote from a content creator that you have made a motto?
What is your Walmart Horror Story?
What funny story did you never get the chance to tell?
People who go on Twitch, who is your favorite streamer and why?
How did you find your dreamjob ? When did you realize the job you had before was not made for you ?
What would you tell your grandchild on your death bed ?
What's the worst Australian state and why?
Who is the most overrated youtuber ?
If this was the last day of your life, what advice would you give?
What is the most overrated netflix show ?
What is the most important question you will answer in your lifetime?
If you had the power to teleport for one day, where would you go and why?
People who ask "what's your favourite song?", what do you expect??
What is ur deepest darkest secret?
What childhood phrase from your parents is indelibly etched in your memory?
What's your favourite horror movie?
Which is the best phone brand in your opinion and why ?
Have you every gotten any "free money" from your bank, if so, how much?
What was it that you saw that you thought you would only see in the movie?
What movie made you cry the hardest?
How do freelancers deal with vague requests from clients?
What’s a made up fact that sounds real?
What is the most unique thing about urself?
What is the name of the subreddit where you can post photos of cats sleeping in funny positions?
Have you ever met somebody who genuinely acted like the creepy bad boy types from teen fiction?
An asteroid is going to hit Earth in a year and wipe out all life. What do you do?
What does success mean to you?
How has student loan debt impacted you?
what’s the biggest fight you’ve gotten into, and what was it about?
When you want to have sex but your roommate is not leaving the room, what would you tell them?
In your honest opinion, when exactly do you think the Golden Age of Hollywood died, and what do you think put the nail in it's coffin?
what's the weirdest thing you have heard in your life?
Guys of Reddit, if random ugly/fat women stared at your dick all the time while outdoors, how would you feel?
Bisexual people who went from seeing men to women (or Vice versa), did a change in dating gender norms throw you off, or if you were accustomed to being the pursued, what difficulty taking initiative in attracting the “opposite” gender did you have?
How you dealt with death of a parent? what coping mechanisms are good for You?
What's a bad thing that you have barely gotten away with doing?
What celebrity are you surprised is still alive?
What is the name of this spider that lives for 30 years?
in las vegas there is a vr attraction called the void, that is supposed to be the most realistic vr yet, it is closed right now because covid, what movie/game/show would you choose to be in if the void was open?
What is your most dreadful dark web video?
People of Reddit what are your thoughts on R34 art of your favourite YouTubers?
What's your success dating story from Redditt?
What's the most unsettling song you've ever heard?
There seems to be ongoing humour via memes & 'comic' posts surrounding 9/11, especially at each anniversary. How on earth do some people find it amusing?
Guys of Reddit, what are some dealbreakers for you in a relationship?
Why do you chew with your mouth opened?
What is the biggest mind blow ever?
What are some areas of the world that make Mississippi seem like a great place to live?
For those of you who quit Instagram, why ?
People of Reddit who have momentarily died then were not revived, what's your story?
If ALL the taxes you’ve ever paid suddenly returned into your bank account
Paranormal investigators of Reddit what's the scariest case you've encounter?
What awesome way did a co-worker got fired?
What is a movie whose sequel truly makes it better?
[Serious] In an alternative history where the Eastern Soviet Union falls into the hands of the NAZI Warmachine following a successful siege of Moscow that killed Stalin: who do the members of AskReddit feel would be the best person to take comand of what was left of the Soviet Union and why?
What would you be doing right now if COVID hadn’t happened ?
How are you gonna celebrate 21 day?
What are some jokes that seem to end there but still not fully told ?
What lesson have you gotten from betrayal?
Everyone, what was your weirdest public bathroom experience?
If tomorrow is your last living day, what one thing do you have to do to be OK with it?
what was the scariest moment of your life thus far?
You wake up and your bank balance is 0.00. What do you do?
What does “hood rich” mean?
What's that one thing you can't live without?
What is your greatest fear?
What would you do if you had 24 hours to do whatever you wanted and after the day would reset without any consequences?
People with world travel experience what’s your most favorite/memorable place?
Which English comedy TV show is definitely worth binge watching ?
What’s your favourite passage from a sacred scripture?
What’s the last thing on your bucket list?
What are seemingly small immediate actions you can do daily that will better any aspect of your life?
what's the deepest realization you had?
Redditors of Reddit, what is a small act/gesture that some would think is insignificant but it actually means the world to you?
What’s a healthy depression meal you could recommend?
Dear redditors, do you enjoy being naked (not necessarily in a sexual way)? Why? Why not?
What is the scariest thing you've ever seen in your own home?
What’s the best joke you’ve ever heard?
What was the last YouTube video you disliked?
You get midas touch for 1 hour. How much stuff you turning to gold, and how far in do you think you'd mess up and turn something /someone to gold by accident?
How do you feel the impact of climate change in your area of residence ?
What TV show is better if you don’t binge it, and why?
Crypto millionaire’s of Reddit, How did you make it?
what is one childhood memory that you remember especially well?
How does capitalism inevitably lead to a huge wealth disparity and poverty?
what's the weirdest drink that actually tastes good?
What are the best "Suck on these..." type of joke you have heard?
Ladies of Reddit, what are your genuine thoughts and opinions on penises?
What is your worst carpooling experience ?
Shrek The Third (2007) was good. What is a movie you like that most people hated?
Why have a lot of people had heart attacks recently?
what was the scariest thought you had after waking up?
What is the most offensive subreddit or thread you've seen here?
what's that one game sequal u always wanted but it never happened?
what is the smallest thing that can ruin your day?
Which movie had the most unexpected twist that you never even saw it coming?
If one of the big tech corporations had a widely-tested and stable chip that would let you interact with the internet directly with your brain and senses, would you go for it? Why / why not?
What was the first video game you remember playing?
What’s your worst text to speech experience that has happened to you or someone you was with?
People who have lost their sense of smell and taste can you explain what it was like?
What three things would you take to survive on a desert island?
What are you obsessed with right now?
What do you really envy from other people?
What’s the cringiest thing you’ve ever done?
What differs your pet animal from others?
What is the most important thing to consider in big life choices? Why?
Doctors of reddit, what was your experience with the most unhealthy patient which you have seen , and you think he is going to die soon... But that mofo somehow manage to live pretty long?
What’s your favorite and least favorite type of personality?
What are some movie scenes that you would want to relive watching in theatre?
where is you number 1 travel destination?
How are you tonight fellow redditor friends?
Why do you drive to the gym only to walk the treadmill?
What makes you optimistic about the future?
Where would you bathe if there were no bathrooms?
Whose looking forward to new Matrix Movie? Does Reddit think new Hollywood will do justice to the trilogy?
If you could travel back in time and change one historical event, what would it be? How will you change it and why?
Rich people how much do you make ?
What would be the most dickish remark someone could make about a famous dead artist or politician?
What is your favorite theory as to how Rome fell?
What celebrity would you love to come back to life if it was possible?
When did you realize than an addiction was an addiction?
What’s your favorite thing to do when the suns out?
What colors did you associate with certain subjects in school?
If you could give one person living/dead the ability to rewind time and could use it as they wish, who would you give it to?
People who dislike youtube videos that have nothing wrong about them, why?
What are the three main personal success factors?
What tools or methods do you use to focus yourself on work?
You wake up and have a zero balance on all your bank accounts, what do you do next?
What job is easier than it seems?
What is something young adults are insecure about, but they really shouldn’t be?
what’s something you loved but someone else ruined it for you?
What is the best paying job for someone with a business degree right out of college?
What is your favorite LATE NIGHT snack?
People of Reddit, what’s the toy you grew up with?
What animals would’ve been extinct if not for farming/domestication?
What’s your favourite movie scene that you never get tired of?
Which famous person is the least “problematic?”
What’s the most attention seeking thing a peer of yours has ever done?
What is the comparative form of ‘lithe’?
What’s a cool little fun fact about yourself you’d like to share?
What do you think about when your mind wanders before bed?
What extinct animal would wreak the most havoc if 10 million of them spawned right now?
What is the worst case of second hand embarrassment you've felt?
Explain the moment when you felt so annoyed by your teachers?
What emotions and thoughts do you have when you see blood?
Which gaming community is the most crackhead?
[Serious]Whose life story deserves a documentary series, but instead is not covered by mainstream media enough?
What’s a fast way to make mom mad?
What have you been to afraid to tell someone?
If you could preform any experiment, with unlimited money, resources, and no regard for morals, what would you do?
How is programming a hard job since you just drag and drop stuff for fun?
[Serious] What’s the creepiest shit you’ve ever done?
Fellow Redditors of the internet, what is the best book you read?
What do you think about colonizing Mars soon instead of focusing on Earth first and later think about colonizing Mars?
What is something useless that you’re very good at?
Fanfiction writers, what is the most embarrassing fanfic you have written and did you upload it?
redditors who fell in love, was it worth it?
What do you believe is being kept and the government does not want the public to know?
People who use a 500Mbps or faster internet at home, what do you use it for?
What is your favourite corny joke?
Have you ever averted a major problem by hitting an "emergency stop" button? What happened?
What would cats do if they were 10x bigger than humans and had humans as pets?
If you could party with any one who would it be?
What’s something basic that you just don’t get to this day?
How would you ruin a room mood with any three objects?
For the people who went to school with celebrities, what were they like before becoming famous?
[Serious] What was it like for survivors of 9/11 in the towers/at ground zero?
What ‘trend’ needs to make a comeback?
What did you do when your partner asked to go through your reddit?
What is the universal truth which is never change in any circumstance?
What is it about gas station bathrooms specifically that makes people forget how to use toilets and/or makes them want to smear their poo on walls?
Law Enforcement Officer of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've found while searching someone?
What is the top 3 assassin's creed games according to ya'll?
Redditors that are survivors of school shootings, what was it like?
What motivates u to study?
What is the scariest thing you've ever witnessed?
What’s a question you think humanity will never truly answer?
What are some non-scary sleep paralysis experiences you've had?
At what moment did you realised "life is short"?
reddit,what is SO annoying in the annoying teacher?
What ‘trend’ won’t die but should?
What is the best part of your life School days or Present days?
Whats the dumbest thing you've done as a kid?
What is the reddit post deletion rule?
What are the top 3 Instagram bots that automatically like hashtags you choose?
what is your childhood dream career but didn't ends up becoming it?
What's the first thing that pops into your mind when you hear/see the word, "obviously"?
What would happen to the U.S. if they avoided any war for the next century?
What are some situations in which it would be appropriate to punch somebody in the face with your dick?
What Is ur dog's name?
What is the creepiest thing a child has ever said to you?
What is the best paced film you've ever seen?
If you had the power to remove one thing from the world, what would it be, why, and would you do it?
What would you do for a Klondike Bar?
To the older generation of reddit, what advice what you give to those in their 20's?
What do you miss most about not having a smart phone?
What is a question you have that Google cannot answer?
Where are you last year at this exact time?
Reddit, what kind of car do you drive?
What is an older song that you love that no one knows about?
How/Why did you and your best friend/s breakup?
What behaviors have you learned psychopathically as you have grown older?
What was it like to have a pager?
Millionaires of Reddit, what did you do to get there?
What's it's like to have a sleep paralysis?
When you post an abundance of selfies on social media, how does this make you seem insecure?
ADHD redditors, what is your current hyperfixation?
What's that thing you have always have wanted to share?
In your opinion, what are the most overrated YouTube Channels?
What candy deserves a special place in "Candy hell"?
Be honest , what's the most number of times you've masturbated in a day (24 hours) ?
What is the most annoying thing about the generation before you, and after you?
What company would you be a terrible advocate for and why?
In what aspects of romance do people need a reality check?
What’s the dumbest thing your little sibling/cousin has ever done?
redditors who have lost a close friend, how did it feel?
You've gone from main character to npc, what's stopping you from ending your own life?
What do you fear most about your mother's dinner?
What's the worst thing you've ever done in your life?
Do gay people in America experience something similar to systemic racism? How would you describe it?
What’s something you expected to be awesome but totally sucked?
What's the worst your hygiene has been during the pandemic?
What is/are the best fitting and/or best paying job(s) for "people pleasers"? [Serious]
What was your worst hallucinogen experience like?
What's the weirdest thing in your search history?
What’s your favorite color?
In the heat of the moment, what did you say that you still regret to this day?
[serious] what’s the weirdest/creepiest thing that’s happened to you on Halloween night?
What is the great way to ask a question for any topic?
What event would it take for humanity to enter a new era after the CE or Common Era?
People who believe is ghosts, why do you?
[nsfw] How old were you when you ejaculated for the first time?
What is the craziest high school story you’ve heard?
What's you're go to late night snack that never fails to satisfy your hunger?
What coding platform sparked your interest in coding?
Whats a good movie for someone to watch who is really bored and cant go to sleep?
If one day your partner suddenly got a super power, what super power would you wish they would get?
What book has had the greatest influence on your life?
What is the dumbest thing your virgin friend has said to sound like he got laid?
what was the worst thing you did out of pettiness?
what if there's still a living dinosaur?
Who is the best formula 1 driver ever?
What are some paranormal activities you experienced in your school?
What if someone slaps you in public? What should we do?
What was your best revenge that still gives you a smile to this day?
When did you realize you weren't a kid anymore?
Did any movie or tv show kept you up at night before?
What's your take if the wife earns more than the husband in a marriage?
What 00's song will always be a banger?
What are some good 80s albums for a date night?
What is your philosophy in life?
how would you explain falling in love to someone?
What’s a boring fact about yourself?
What job do you have that many would consider meaningless but you have a silver lining that makes it worth it?
if you could go back in time for 1 day, what would you change?
What is the very creepy fact you know?
Police officers, have you ever had to intervene in a situation involving a Karen? What happened?
What’s a superpower you want?
what’s something you can never forget?
What’s an old memory you feel like sharing?
people of reddit, what is the most "necessary evil" thing you have done?
What makes you happy thinking about?
If you can mind control someone or something once a week what will you do?
What is the most disgusting thing u have ever done that u don't regret?
Young adults of reddit, projections show that many of us will live to be at least 100 years old. How does that make you feel?
To those who still go to school, how's life?
What’s it like to have a happy childhood?
What skill do you have have that is unique to you?
What seemingly innocuous injury/accident has troubled you for life?
Kids of older parents (around 40yrs age gap between you and your parents), when did you notice they started getting old?
What’s the worst bathroom incident you’ve ever had?
What’s your favorite unhealthy treat?
What are examples of situations where responsibility is not a choice but an obligation?
Activists of reddit: what is a good website to find out about protests and other planned local events?
You are made president of the USA for 24 hours, what do you do with this time?
Out of all the people who use cocaine in the US, how much of a % of them do you think are functional, responsible people, compared to the % of users who are coke heads?
What was your best and worst college experience?
If you could take one item to an uninhabited island what would it be?
Why and how did you fall in love the first time?
If General Lee would have been in command of the Union Army, how long would the war last?
What if ur family isn't ur real family?
Had anyone on Reddit ever work with or for someone in the top one percent if so how were they like?
How do you completely forget about embarrassing moments in your life?
When is silence scary?
What is the one thing that got clearer as you got older?
Random question, first time pickling(beans/cucumbers/veggies) what’s your pickling recipe?
[Serious] Why do so many people think life gets better?
What is a song that reminds you of the good days?
When did it become the norm to smile in photos?
Why a delivery in ship is called cargo, but in a car is shipment?
How the heck is it already September 10th?!
Fellow young men, at what point in life did you confuse overcome with over-cum?
People who function off less than 6hours of sleep, how?
Screamers in this sub, why do you guys let out a blood curdling, frantic call for help when faced with a mild surprise like a bug / some loud thunder / anything remotely surprising?
If you could suddenly make 1 animal disappear from the world, which one would cause the most chaos?
Used to be night owls, how did u adjust to going to bed earlier?
People who struck a big financial growth (getting famous, having s business take off, average salary to 7 figure) what was it like realizing you have so much money?
If Marvel made a What If episode about your life, what would the change be and what happens as a result?
Has anyone ever forgotten how to walk down stairs… half way down?
How have you changed since the age of 13?
What is your proudest/best accomplishment?
What rhymes well with "valuable"?
What’s something you didn’t expect to be so fun?
What’s a story of an old classmate that has burned into your mind well after graduation?
What does "home" mean to you?
What's a common and deluxe version of the same product?
People who actually support Cameron herrin, why?
What if we're living in simulation?
if you will give a title for your timeline what would it be and why?
Have you ever lied on your CV/Resume? If so, where you caught out?
When faced with a tough decision, what’s your thought process to bring you to a final decision?
What is the most labour intensive/time consuming dish to create that produces the smallest yield?
What movie or tv show is basically the story of your life, and how?
What’s one thing your partner does that you’ve come to accept but will never understand?
What is the most daring picture you would show of yourself?
Saw on reality show they were debating if it’s okay to kiss pets on the mouth or not, so now very curious on everyone’s thoughts.. what do you think? What about kissing them in general?
What are some seemingly innocuous things that can actually be very dangerous?
When did you learn that Climate Change science was completely fake?
What if all women for the powers of superman? How would this change the situation on the Middle East and Afghanistan?
What was the first ever video you watched on YouTube?
What is the nicest thing a stranger has ever done for you?
Have you ever had a “this is what I’m meant to be doing” moment at your job? If so, what was it?
What is your best collectible that you own?
Bowling Alley Employees of Reddit, what’s the biggest WTF moment you’ve had while watching customers bowl?
What’s the cringiest conversation you’ve overheard?
Former procrastinators of Reddit, what helped you kick the habit?
What’s it like being in a boarding school? Have any interesting stories?
When do people fall in love?
What’s the worst insult you’ve ever gotten?
What’s the best compliment someone’s ever given you?
What is a show you will never stop watching?
What's your favorite bible verse?
Redditors who have a twin, what are some crazy/funny stories about you two?
Are people actually proud of who they are and where they came from, or do people just say that because they can’t change their race?
What are you guys favorite star wars film(s)?
What would you do to people who eat chocolate ice cream while going to the bathroom and uses corn as toppings?
What band has a name that you'd like the explanation for?
What clothes can both men and women wear and still look fashionable?
Who do you look up to the most?
Why did Britain struggle to defeat Argentina during the Falklands/Malvinas War?
What’s that one thing you realised at dark night while you couldn’t sleep that changed your life forever?
What's your happiest memory with a stranger?
What are some songs that make men unite?
What are some clothing trends that have made a comeback in recent years?
What music really affects your mood?
Self made rich people, what do you do?
What specific event led to the first human wiping their ass?
Is there a word for when the music you're listening to lines up perfectly with what is happening to you in the real world?
What is something unusual everyone should try at least once?
What’s your favorite comfort food?
Why do you oppose nuclear power?
Going to NY for a short boys trip. What would you recommend activities and food ?
What's the Scariest myth/legend you know?
How do you deal with anxiety?
What period of your life do you miss the most?
What are signs that you are falling out of love?
What game has THE best soundtrack, no debate?
Pro-procastinuts of reddit how did you manage to stop it ?
What is the stupidest way you have tried to piss someone off which ended up backfiring?
People who shower in the morning, why? Just why?
What embarrassing moment has stuck with you over the years?
Teachers of Reddit, how can a student bribe you?
What are some of the most recycled annoying questions here on AskReddit?
What can you say in school as well as a prison?
What is a job that looks easy on the outside but more difficult than you think on the inside?
Who is an unconventionally attractive celebrity?
If your life was a video game, what would it be called and what genre would it be?
[SERIOUS] Why are people angry seemingly all the time?
What’s an amazing sequel that had a god awful first movie?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your life?
What is something that ruined your childhood?
When was the last time you felt excited? And what was it for or because of?
What’s something you think should be changed in the US school system?
What would you invest in if you had $100 dollars a month to do so?
If you were a slasher in a horror movie. What would you do?
When you hear MJ, who do you think of?
What is that one thing you will never forget during your Birthdays?
You have 500$ , how can you invest ?
How do you find/pursue a career when you’re bad at school?
What’s your favorite way to spend a day off?
Have you ever had someone who felt entitled to you as a person ? What happened?
What's a must see sci-fi thriller no ones talking about?
If you could only eat fruits for the rest of your life, which 5 fruits would you choose?
What’s something quirky about you?
What’s a movie that was better then the book?
What is the most unique or funniest name you have come across till now?
Hello reddit we making a top down 2D game, but we want it to be made from the suggestions under this post, so what can reddit come up with?
What book or series would have a great movie or tv show adaptation?
whats the weirdest thing you have seen somebody gloat about?
Which country's food will rate the highest excluding your own country?
If for one day only you could be zero gravity, who would it be with and what would you get up to?
What kind of sleep habits do you have, for better or worse?
Who would win in a fight, shaggy at 100% or your porn addiction?
What's the worst birthday party crash you have seen?
What was your comically worst pickup line in college?
What would you do to start the perfect day if the opposite happened at the end of it?
You are given 3 wishes, one is for yourself, second is for your loved ones and the third is for every other human in existence what are you wishing for?
What is the worst thing you have ever done to another person?
What is the definition of the word ascribe?
When you can eat your food while everybody else is losing theirs and blaming you, how would you feel?
What pretends to not be a scam, but absolutely is a scam?
What’s a job you got that you were very unqualified for, and how did it turn out?
Painters of reddit help. How to prevent the black ink of the outline getting mixed with the colours of the brush pen and making the painting dark and dull?
What is some thing you weren't supposed to see?
Unmarried people of Reddit, what is the ideal wedding?
If you can be really honest with yourself
What is the energy source of the future and why (Talking 50 years or sth. No Dyson spheres pls)?
What is the go to pick-meh-up when in a bad mood?
How do you overcome the fear of intimacy?
What is ur biggest insecurity?
what was the time when you knew you screwed up and what did you do to avoid the outcome?
How do you stay awake when you need to?
Whats the moment you decided that you'll support this sports club for life ?
What is the purpose of living?
Who is the best spiderman and Why?
What song do you think does a disservice to the gender of the person that sung it?
Redditors what's a really cool or interesting fact about an older family member of yours?
If you believe in God or a higher power, what do they look like to you? What do they represent?
what are some alternatives to common things and practices most people don’t know about ?
Why should you try a CV writing service?
Are People who say "I'm not going to lie" before a statement saying if they don't say "I'm not going to lie" every other statement is a lie? If not why are they saying it in the first place?
What’s something you wish you’d known sooner?
How do you stay humble and avoid showing off material possessions?
What’s a story about the luckiest person you know?
How would you spend your life if you knew everyone was reincarnated as another person, after death?
What makes u stay alive?
It has been said that fear is the mind-killer. What do you say is the mind-killer?
What are some good reasons to hate dogs?
What if time really is accelerating and it isn’t just our imagination?
What are some weird food combinations that actually taste good?
What if all the animals on earth get a human mind?
What does being liberal and conservative mean in your country ?
People of Reddit let’s end it here, which is the best music app?
How has the Yul Brynner version of 'The Magnificent Seven' aged in terms of portraying Hispanic and Indigenous culture?
How has your body changed or betrayed you over the last 10 years?
What's a hobby you really want to get into but haven't?
What would you place in a time capsule to be discovered in the future and why?
What’s something embarrassing you’ve done that keeps you up at night?
What's your worst barbershop experience?
(Serious) Former Wardens/Correctional Officers, what are some unbelievable ways inmates have managed to make money in prison?
What thoughts come to mind?
How can you prove you're not sleepwalking/typing right now?
People of reddit what would be your advice on how a guy can be more attractive?
What do you think about the crypto currency Moonriver?
Whats the best piece of advice youve ever gotten?
What is your breakfast of choice?
Why can not shampoo bottles be refillable?
What was a good plot twist noone saw coming?
What is the thing you'd like to do, if there is no consequences?
What do you or your family think about double dipping?
What's your favorite moment you've shared with your significant other?
What was it like to see Michael Jackson's transformation?
have any of you ever took advantage of your parents/teacher when they say “the answer is no” before you even ask the question?
What do you think of the new Matrix Resurrection movie trailer?
What are you a snob about?
Who is a celebrity that you hate but is loved by everyone one else?
Any closed businesses that left behind precious memories for you? And what are those memories?
What was your biggest fuck-up?
Lonely people of reddit, how do you hide your lack of friends and loneliness at work or to acquaintances?
In English some names are the same between first and last, like “John Johnson”. What is it in your country?
Parents of Reddit what are you not looking forward to when your kids turn 14?
Ex - paparazzi, what made you leave the job?
Which movie do you think, it'll be remembered as a "symbol" of our generation?
The seven deadly sins? Where you at?
What are your tricks to avoid mental exhaustion after 8 hours of work?
What are some surprisingly easy meals to make that most people either think is too hard to make or are too lazy to make?
Why do you hate your job?
How can you tell if a bald eagle is a juvenile?
Which movie that has the worst ending that you didn’t like?
Former jail guards of Reddit, what made you quit and do something completely different for a living?
What is the reason you won’t have tattoos?
What was the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in front of a teacher?
What have you done in life that has really worked out for you?
What was/is the most underrated wrestler gimmick and why?
How would you describe yourself in a missing person's report?
What would be the weirdest thing you’re willing to do for $1,000,000?
If you have one what is your “I hate every country song but...”?
If you were given the chance to say something to an ex-friend or ex-partner, what would it be?
Name a villain that everyone would adore if they were the main character. Why?
What's that one Oscar win that made you say "wow these Awards are bs"?
What movie is so bad that not even MST3K can make it funny?
How did you find out that you are allergic?
How did you come out, as gay, to your parents?
You are given two choices for your afterlife when you die ; firstly respawn at age 7 with knowledge of your past life, or reincarnation to someone else. What do you pick and why?
What is the darkest thing you did in Sims using mods?
What is your favorite way to make someone laugh?
What is your unique super power that you want?
What is the most embarrassing thing that’s even happened to you?
What do you think would happen if one were to be trapped on a desert island with Reddit as their only means of communication to the outside world?
what are the best unknown internet hacks/tricks that everyone should use right now?
What's the weirdest thing you got bullied for liking?
What are some funny 9/11 holiday traditions we could invent?
How can we learn to live without attachment?
What is the nicest thing someone has done for you?
What series has a theme song you never avoid?
What do you hate most about your child(ren)?
Whats the most pain you’ve been in mentally or physically?
What is the greatest food you ever made when you were almost out of ingredients, and super hungry?
What was the worst or weirdest dream you ever had??
What about those cartoons do furries find arousing/attractive?
When was the exact moment you knew you would be spending the rest of your life with your partner?
What is your best/worst story ‘meet the family’ story?
What’s the best type of joke?
What are life skills should be taught in schools?
What's your favourite Netflix movie and why?
What's the last song you listened to?
What is the best thing you have ever done for someone else?
People who have given birth, what’s it like?
What is your most awkward sexual encounter with the same gender?
Moms of reddit - What’s an advice, with respect to physical health, that you would give to future moms about pre, during and post pregnancy time?
What’s an example of a video game series where the first game released was awful but the sequel was amazing?
What secret are you taking to your grave?
All the absurdities you have been experiencing for the past 18 months are actually bugs, and the result of a faulty "2020" update. Which bug needs to be fixed first in our "2022" bug fix update?
If once you die you had the choice to reincarnate into any living being, would you choose to be human again? Why or why not?
What year does the movie 1917 take place in?
People of reddit, what is one thing from the past that you miss?
Sharks with laser beams attached to their heads vs Monkeys reenacting the civil war, who would win?
What should everyone know about investing in a voluntary provident fund?
What happens if a vegan turns into a vampire?
What invention was considered revolutionary but never caught on?
If every morning you got a preview of either the best or worst part of your day which would you choose?
What popular video game did you just not enjoy?
How did you mess up in life and what it is your advice to avoid said problem?
What is the most fucked up thing you’ve seen or heard?
How was life like back then in the Soviet Union?
What if the polish military somehow pushed the Germans and Soviets back from their country? How would this victory change ww2?
What’s something awesome people don’t usually think to put on their wedding registry?
You’re being held at gunpoint and asked to recite at least one full conversation from a movie, what movie do you choose and which scene do you recite?
What inspired you to get into your current career?
Which Marvel and Dc character do you want to see in a rap battle?
What is the most convincing paranormal phenomena you’ve experienced?
Who’s the most attractive person to respond to this question and why?
What's considered a normal thing nowadays that shouldn't be?
You are in the grocery store reviewing the cold cereal options. An attractive stranger of the opposite sex rubs your ass, thanks you for "being so sexy", and hands you $500 in cash. What do you do or say next?
Now that it’s 9/10/21 (9 plus 10 equals 21), what was your favourite Vine video?
For shy people, do you ever think back on interactions with people and just think “why am I so shy” (just curious if I’m only one)?
How does psychedelic high compare to marijuana?
If you could go back in time and have a conversation with anyone free of consequences who would it be?
What matters more, a cumulative GPA or a cumulative weighted GPA?
What's the worst thing you ever heard while pretending to sleep?
What is one of the weirdest ghosting stories stories you’ve ever had ?
Old school Beastie Boys fans of Reddit...what does "Root down" mean, and what exactly would happen if I was to "kick it root down"?
What are some things that you would never forget in your life?
When did it occur to you that now you are a grown adult, and still have no idea what to do with your life?
What if we are already in heaven?
What is that small task that no one in your house wants to do?
People with non traditional pets, what is your pet and why didn't you get a dog or a cat?
For those who would love to go into Space but can't afford it. What item, talent, info. of yours would you trade for a ride into space?
What movie moment have you watched 1000 times?
What animals do you think will develop human-like intelligence in the future?
What are some wild way off predictions of the future that people long ago came up with?
What is the healthiest way to grieve the loss of a loved one?
What's something you felt terrible for laughing at?
In what ways are you guilty of keeping up with the joneses?
what is the most underrated movie franchise or tv show?
What could someone do on a first date that would make you want a second date?
What wild animals do you consider cute?
What's your worst experience with a cat?
What is something that everyone loves, but you hate?
What are two cuisines you don't want to see fused?
When was a time you thought to yourself “I’ll show them” and then you did?
You're to buy a new car... So what color paint will you choose?
If you could choose the future of humanity what would what would you do to push us in the right direction?
In the last 24 hours, what made you Angry?
What's a Wikipedia page that you really don't recommend reading?
What is the best way to accelerate climate change?
Former people pleasers of reddit, how did you stop giving a fuck about what others think?
What is the best advice your therapist has ever given you?
What is your opinion on Marge Simpson getting angry with Homer for innocently dancing with Princess Cashmere at the bachelor party?
What is something you were taught by your family that turned out to be completely wrong?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
Sad people of Reddit, what would make you happy?
What’s something you didn’t want to like but ultimately you did?
What movie or show did you go into with low expectations and get pleasantly surprised by?
What are some food or agricultural environmental related issues that we should be more aware of?
What qualities should you look for when hiring a wedding photographer?
What is the first thing you consciously do in the morning after waking up?
Ok Reddit, how do you make chickpeas taste great?
How did you know that it was time to confess to your crush and how did you confess to him/her?
What was the cutest thing your pet ever did?
What is your favorite elevator company?
What Is Your Greatest Weakness?
Would you survive in a zombie outbreak and how/why?
Who is an actor known for comedic roles that you would like to see in a dramatic role?
What's your favorite food dish?
What are some vehicle options...besides trucks, SUV's, or Jeeps...that have 4 wheel drive and a decent amount of clearance?
what is the most quotable thing you’ve heard?
What’s an underrated must see movie?
How cheap are flights right now?
What's the biggest gap in your knowledge? Like what's something you should know for your age but don't know. How old are you and what is the gap?
If your life was a ride at the amusement park, what would you name it?
What is the most neglected reddit feature?
What's something that makes you smile no matter how many times you see it?
what's the worst DM you have received?
What’s your favorite type (quality/material) of bed sheets?
How long did you last the first time you had sex?
Name a subject, what's the final and/or secret boss of that subject?
What is your ideal funeral? If it's less of a "normal" one, why?
What is something that isn't human, yet as far as you're concerned, it's a better "person" than most human beings out there?
Hackers of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen on someone’s computer while you were hacking?
What is the original song before it was changed?
If every time you wore a tshirt it could only be one colour, what colour would it be and why?
People who have spent time in prison, what are some systemic things that prevent you from reforming your life and staying on the straight and narrow?
What’s the best time to wear a stripped sweater?
People who travel around the world, what is your most wholesome experience in a foreign country?
Atheists of reddit what give your life a meaning and what's the end goal of your life?
What do you think of the new movie Shang-chi and the legends of the ten rings? What was your favorite part?
What the hell do you want?
What is the one friend group that everybody hates/hated?
What’s your favorite drunk story?
What does it mean if your depression and anxiety stop after leaving parents (moving out)?
Gamers, what video game do you wish you could play again for the very first time?
What happened when you forgave your abuser?
What’s perfectly acceptable to post on one subreddit, but would look insane if posted on another subreddit?
You have a magical cactus. You prick your finger, and it lets you live out your greatest fantasy for one minute. Afterwards, you are crushed knowing you will never feel that glory again. What is your one-minute fantasy?
What job/profession could you never do and why?
The cryptocurrency business is booming in the world right now, how do you get involved with it?
What is your comfort TV show that makes you feel better?
What is the darkest movie/book/show/video game you have ever experienced?
What is your most prized possession?
What do you do to heal yourself when you get sick from drinking to much?
What would you do if your gym teacher touched you?
What's the worst thing you've ever done for money?
What was that one defining moment that made you realize reality has seized to exist and that we now live in a never ending fever dream?
Who taught the first teacher?
What do you say when you don’t know what to text back?
What gets billed as being relaxing but has the opposite effect on you?
Of all actors, who has the best emotional range?
who or what ruined you?
What have you unintentionally taught your pet?
Was there a charity or community organisation that truly changed your life? Or helped much more than you expected? What happened?
When did you think that you were the main character, and when did that thought disappear?
What’s your unpopular food opinion?
What is the most brutal show you’ve watched?
What is something you'll never get used to?
What is your biggest regret?
You now have the ability to read minds, where’s the first place you go?
In the context of prison, why are prisoners afraid to tell the truth to their families?
[SERIOUS] What are some terrible things happening in the world as we speak?
which marvel comics universe do u thin was the best?
How would you sell a pen?
Parents of Reddit: what are some of the most unique nicknames you have for your children?
What gift do you think a shape shifter would like?
What jobs are in high demand in the UK?
What are the lesser known topics that should be campaigned about and Why is it necessary?
its ur last day alive. what do u do?
Dear Reddit, what's the dumbest thing you wish you did?
Anyone who has a poorly timed birthday, which day is it, and how does it usually go for you?
What is a reality TV show that would be fun to watch, but nobody has figured out how to make yet?
Highly sensitive people of Reddit, what's something you want others to understand?
why would you drink raw eggs instead of eating them?
What's your favorite musical?
What's your best example of "kill them with kindness"?
Oh so classy men of askreddit, what's your favorite deodorant scent?
What's the most opulent thing you own?
Ladies: What male celebrity has the hottest voice?
What is your favorite cookie?
What is a grudge you still hold from a few years back?
Has anyone ever used you as their own verbal punching bag? And why?
What is your favorite color?
Have you known anyone that had everything and lost it? What is the story?
Impact of TX ban on abortion ban on sex work... For people who are sex professionals by choice, will they leave TX and establish elsewhere? Will traffickers bring their victims out of TX?
What is a well-loved food that you hate?
What do you want your legacy to be?
Which movie or TV show character is the biggest Karen?
If you could order a scaled down pet sized dinosaurs, what breed would you like to buy and what are you going to name it?
What’s a conspiracy you believe?
Which youtuber has had the biggest downfall in terms of content till date ?
What's a movie or tv show episode plot you liked at the time but has not aged well?
What is the best youtube video according to y'all?
if you could have as much money as you want what would you spend it on?
White collar or blue collar and why?
What crappy movie has an amazing sequel?
At what point in your life were you closest to dying, and when did you realize it?
What song(s) do you want to be played at your funeral?
What will be redundant in 20 years?
What knock-off brand would you like to manufacture and sell for cheaper?
what’s The answer to a question No one has ever asked you but you always wished they did because you had the answer?
What does reddit think about an a proposed elected judge declaring to hand out ridiculous years of prison time during their term?
[Serious] What exercises or process do you recommend for abandonment issues?
Car and home insurance might be to be about to change forever, what do you think?
When a video says, “Wait till the End”, Do you actually finish it, or move on in frustration?
What's the best video game most people probably haven't played?
what would your stripper name be?
Your name now decides your profession. Which celebrity has the strangest job?
If your life was a movie, what would the audience reaction be?
If you discover that true knowledge is impossible, then you would know that you know nothing. But how can you know this if it's impossible?
If you can choose any song as your personal anthem - what would it be?
Roughly, how much money would you earn if you invested 1 billion dollars for 1 day?
Christians - If we are all born with "original sin," and Jesus died for our sins committed "and all sins to come," why do we need to be saved? Why do we need to repent if they have already been absolved?
What have you done in 2021 that you said you wouldn't?
People who are sexually attracted to non-humans (monsters, robots, etc), why?
Deaf folks of Reddit, what are the most annoying questions you get?
Whats the best excuse you have had for being late?
People who went on a date without realising that it was a date, what happened?
What is the last meal you want?
What was it you wanted?
COVID-19 survivors, what was your story during the two weeks you had the virus?
What is something that has happened in your life that felt like a dream come true?
What is the most uplifting and wholesome movie that you have seen?
What are you proud of accomplishing today?
What celebrities that look exactly alike ?
If you had to preserve only one item to let the future people or aliens know of the human existence, what would you preserve?
Gamers - What game had the best minigame(s)/side quest period/break from the main story?
Where buy social media followers?
what will you do if you can mimic any voice ?
What is the one regret that you have in life?
if your city made a statue for you, what pose would you want it strike?
[Serious] What is the creepiest paranormal experience you've been through?
In the last 24 hours, what made you smile?
What situation did you think you fixed but ended like “oh shit I made it worse”?
Registered nurses of Reddit, what unit/speciality do you prefer and why?
What do you believe your fate will be at today's judgement?
what’s the least appreciated job that you’d like to give a shoutout to?
what’s the least used word in the English language?
If you had the ability to enter other peoples' dreams, what's the first thing you would do?
Going to be stuck at the office all night: What is everybody doing tonight?
Redditors that take blue colored pills, what's it like not being aware of the Matrix?
What embarrassing memory keeps you awake at night?
People of reddit, what’s the most NSFW thing you overheard through the walls of you’re house?
For religious members, when the world gets you down how do you maintain your faith?
what would be on your rider list?
You can make a contract with a Devil, that allows you to achieve anything that is humanly achievable, but you have to explicitly ask for what you want in said contract; how your contract's petitions would look like?
What's radicalize you politically?
How often do you consume chocolate and chocolate-y things?
Which do you believe in, Creationism or Evolution?
What happens if your sister is the gay cousin?
What was your fastest rage quit ever?
What is the worst horror movie you’ve ever seen?
People who have a real nemesis, what is your story?
What is the best way to interact with someone you dislike?
what was the biggest lie you ever told to your SO or ex?
What is the worse decision you made that ended perfectly?
What's the last movie you watched and what did you think about it?
What is your favorite response to "why are you doing that"?
Whats the craziest bar/club experience you’ve faced ?
what’s a word that’s spelt correctly, but looks incorrect?
Parents: What’s the worst guest you invited to your child’s birthday party and why?
What was the most embarrassing way you’ve been injured?
Group of Mars creatures are found attacking NASA's rovers. What will be your reaction to this?
How does one go ghost on social media?
what is your home city/town famous for?
What was the last thing you ate for dinner?
What are some new useful/helpful apps to have in 2021?
if buttholes didnt exist, where would you want to poop out of?
In what ways would JARVIS the artificial intelligence be useful in today’s society?
People who quit their job, when did you realize you needed to quit?
If you can say something to someone that passed what would you say?
What can you do when you feel kind of uncomfortable with life in itself but don't know how to explain it to people?
You can befriend ONE fictional character in real life. Who do you choose and why?
What movie did you watch that got horrible reviews that you actually quite liked?
Parents of Reddit, what are some good tips/ideas for raising happy, healthy and respectful teenagers? How do you maintain a good friendship/parenting balance?
You go to a store that sells EVERY product ever made. You have FIVE minutes to buy anything. What do you buy?
If you could be a Service animal, What would you be and why?
Who thinks targeted ads are going on get us in deep shit?
What’s the weirdest career idea you had as a kid?
What's your favorite (SFW) website to waste time on when avoiding the news?
What do you think the future looks like 100 years from now?
What’s the saddest movie/tv show/ or short film you’ve ever seen?
When do you think the world will get its first trillionaire?
What’s the story behind how you met your best friend?
What was a movie with good reviews that was actually terrible?
What were your 2021 resolutions and have you accomplished them yet?
How good are you at solving a whodunnit mystery, and are you good enough to become an amateur super-sleuth or professional detective in the real world?
Former religious people of Reddit, what was your turning point?
What was the most scared you've ever been, and why?
What's the lie you heard most from your ex?
What's the craziest conspiracy theory you actually believe in?
When was a time you genuinely thought “this is it” and prepared for your death?
What dreams where you predicted your own future and thencame true caused you deja vu?
What's the dumbest widespread conspiracy theory you know of?
What is the negative impact when all student debt are cancelled?
What was the most luxurious thing that you bought?
You are given one billion gagillion fafillion shabadabalo shabadamillion shabaling shabalo million yen dollars to come with the most sickening, disturbing, yet comical scenario. What is it?
What question does 99% of people in their 20s say yes?
Katherine Pulaski or Beverly Crusher, who's the better member of the crew?
how would you spell out what your moans sound like?
Recently read about a word on Reddit, but can't remember it. It means something like "uncontrollable or hysterical sobbing or wailing." Think the sound a mother might make if she found her child dead; gutteral, primal, and unsettling. What is the word?
What is the most annoying song?
whats your least/favorite color?
What are things you do to boost your self-esteem and confidence?
After a long time with your partner, what made you realize that you'd "fallen out of love"?
What was the most luxurious food that you had ever eaten, and how much did you pay for it?
A god has shown up and you can wish for anything. It can only show up or happen for 1 second, but it can cause butterfly effects. What would you do?
What kind of dish best describes your SO?
What do you think of the recent law about abortion that got passed in Texas?
What is the weirdest thing you've done at yours or someone else's wedding ?
What is your trick for falling a sleep?
[Serious] What’s the angriest you’ve ever been?
What is the fastest way for a 14 year old to double $5000 legally?
What keeps you going ?
if you could make a scented candle of your life, what would it smell like? and what would you name it?
What is the dumbest thing someone argued about?
Gym rats of Reddit, what advice would you give a beginner weight lifter to succeed at their goals ?
redditors who have gotten arrested, what happened?
What's something trivial but you can't help to be offended by?
How do vampires, who don’t have a heart beat, get erections in mythology?
Which movie did you think would flop based on the trailer?
what is a song that made you eargasm?
How do you tell fucked up people to stop being so fucked up?
How did you overcome the sadness after being cheated on in a relationship?
What makes you cringe the most?
What would you like to put in your epitaph?
What do people do in your hometown or city do to warn you of a cop or danger ahead?
What is the best dating app and why?
What was the biggest "HOLY FUCK!" moment in a kids show?
What's your favorite sweet dish?
What are the most embarrassing kiss cam/baseball game proposals you’ve seen or experienced yourself?
What’s the food you usually refuse to share?
People in the restaurant industry, what item on your menu do you hate when people order?
What comes to your mind when you hear the city “New York”?
What would be your line of dialog if you were an NPC?
What are some words that specifically refer to people that hate being alive? Not quite a misanthrope as in someone that has hatred for all of mankind, more like a hatred of existing?
What are some great uses for an abundance of free time?
How long were you afraid to fly after 9/11 or are you still?
What is the strangest/coolest celebrity fact you know?
what is your safe word?
What's the most interesting thing you've seen/bought at a pawn shop?
if you could erase your memory of any video game and play it again for the first time, what would it be?
Fast food and restaurant workers: what’s a secret from the kitchen that customers shouldn’t know about?
What’s the most bone-chilling info you found out about someone you know?
There’s a Bear in your house what do you do?
(As)/(When you become) a parent what will you do differently to your parents?
What is something you're into or like that you yourself don't think is a weird fetish but others might?
If you hadn’t eaten in days and this was the only food available, what would you do for a Klondike Bar?
What is keeping you from marrying your significant other?
What is the most extreme prank you did that went too far?
what would your mating call be?
How can movies be advertised as “only in theaters” but then they release on streaming services later in their run?
If you could go back in time and change your degree/ career choice would you? What would you do instead and what has changed for you to want to make that change?
How dyou know its love and not infatuation ?
if you could instantly give the entire world the ability to master one thing, what would it be?
When's the last time you briefly "malfunctioned" as a human?
Fast food workers of Reddit: What is your craziest “Karen” story?
What was the best year of your life and why?
What is the best Beatles album to you, and why?
if you could rename our planet, what name would you give it?
What do you think of ADHD? A question for those with and without ADHD. What words come to mind?
What do you believe happens after we die?
What are some big mistakes you've made while cooking?
What horrible thing happened while you were wearing headphones and could not hear your surroundings?
if your life was a video game, what would your “power up” item be?
Tattoo junkies of Reddit, what do you look for in a good tattoo parlor?
What songs are opposites of each other?
What was your "uh oh" moment?
What was your cringy faze?
What is the ultimate reality?
what’s one myth you believed about the opposite sex?
Introverted people of Reddit, what is something people can do to make you feel special?
Using only movie titles where did you grow up?
Those who work the late shifts, Was there any paranormal activity you witnessed?
Parents of Reddit. What is the one piece of advice you can give to new and expecting parents?
People who have intrusive thoughts, have you ever decided to act on one of them? What did you do and what was the consequence?
What's your favorite Brantley Gilbert song?
If you have a godly talent on game development, what kind of game will you develop?
what’s a popular TV show that you think is overrated?
What is something a new person to reddit would usually never understand?
Bug sprayers of Reddit what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen in someone’s house?
If you suddenly acquired the power to write stories perfectly, what kind of story will you write first?
How do you overcome feeling like you made a huge mistake and completely changed your life because of it?
Why did you break your that friendship?
adhders,when was a time that your teacher could not would not understand your adhd?
What are the worst or least convenient superpowers you can think of?
What's something people say that they think sounds super smart, but actually comes off as annoying/douchey?
What was your experience on September 11, 2001?
If you were able to bring back to life any famous person on earth who would you bring back?
What song will you never skip?
What is tour opinion on the marvel movie Shang Chi?
When Jan plays Hunter's song at the dinner party, is that really Andy singing?
What movie/shows are you watching this weekend, why?
What's a really good song that you like and that nobody has heard of?
What's your favorite part of your morning routine?
people with adhd,are there anytime when someone had adhd all wrong and were rude about it?
What would the world be like if we couldn’t lie?
What are healthy habits/ things you go do now to be better off/ prevent issues in the future (be vague or specific, examples; eat healthy, put sunscreen on everyday, self check for cancers)?
What would you choose as your last meal, on the day of your execution?
Recent tv show that made you laugh the hardest ?
Has a movie ever caused you to walk out of the theater? If so, which movie was it?
Reddit! What classic car would you love the chance to drive on the open road? What would you do? Where would you go?
What is a gift or present that you gave your significant other that made them cry?
[Serious] How do you stop obsessing over things that make you angry?
What is the best city to visit in your country?
People who have been through military training, what is the most memorable experience you’ve had there?
What human behavior annoys you that doesn't seem to bother anyone else?
What does everyone hate light mode on Reddit?
What's the shadiest thing you've learned or know?
What facts would ruin our childhood?
Dog owners of Reddit- What is a weird thing your dog does, that other dogs don't?
[Serious] Are you genuinely happy with your current relationship? Why or why not?
do you agree that rich and bratty parents ruin there kids?why or why not?
Which country has the best EAS alarm?
What’s the most enjoyable wedding experience you’ve had?
People over 21: where were you when the towers fell? [serious]
Who is that has proven that they are untrustworthy but yet still owes or runs a big part of the world?
Recent tv show made you laugh the hardest ?
What is something the world needs but can't because of humanity?
We have all heard stranger danger. What are some incidents where a stranger saved your day?
People who won the prize from the cap of coke bottles or the back of a chips bag, how did it turn out?
[Serious] People who strongly resemble celebrities, what is your funniest story of being mistaken for the celebrity?
Ex's of reddit what's the weirdest thing's to have done to win a spouse back?
Stoners of Reddit, What was the craziest thing you made a bong out of?
Adults of reddit, How did you take revenge on 'that annoying kid'?
How do computers make images appear on a screen?
If you had to change something in history, what would you change?
Woman of Reddit, how would you prioritize looks personality and a good job when looking for a partner?
Where were you on 9/11?
What's hard to make but super satisfying at the end?
What is a commercial that you absolutely can't stand, past or present?
What is your most Scary Amusement ride in your Life?
What is the first thing that comes into your mind when you read "Stop. Drop."?
What band/singer do you wish was more widely known?
What's the best friendship quote you've ever heard?
What is a non-sexual thing that turns you on?
What is something so bad that you saw. That no believes you when you tell them?
If you were able to download any skill like in The Matrix, what 3 skills would you choose?
What’s a cool subreddit you were happy to find?
If you could, what is one piece of "bitter truth" advice you would give to your younger self?
How do you think life would be if the 9/11 attacks never happened?
What was the all-time best performance by a wing-man ( or woman) playing the role?
Which video game has your favourite ever lore?
What side character do you absolutely love in a show or a movie you've watched?
What did, or are you having for dinner?
People of Reddit who met celebrities, how was the experience?
People who met their childhood heroes, what was it like?
What is worst subreddit ever?
What would satisfy or someone’s quench thirst?
(Serious) Current or recovering alcoholics, what tv show/film has the most accurate portrayal of alcoholism?
Redditors who know a second language, what was the first word you learnt in that language?
what would be the worst time for a person to dissappear after thanos snaps his fingers ?
What are some stuff that we can't do in movies without someone getting offended?
Which countries have the biggest feral and/or stray cat population?
To counteract a pervious post on this sub: What's an example of pure goodness?
If a mirror falls while you’re away, who gets the bad luck? The person who hung it, the person who discovered it, or nobody?
The main character from the last movie or show you watched is hunting you to kill you, who is it and how screwed are you?
What animal makes you genuinely happy?
Which is your stereotype and how accurate it is?
Where does Amy and Rory from Dr who went when the crying Angel touched them ?
What countries capital city have the best name?
whats your thoughts on gacha tubers,u know the ones that don’t do gacha heat?
What is the weirdest historical event that you know?
What is your favorite book to read?
What made you pick your Reddit username?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What are the necessities when you a buy a new home?
What were you like during your rebellious years?
What’s a small thing a stranger said to you that they probably forgot, but it made your day or may have even saved your life?
Which celebrity death hit you the hardest?
What’s your Myers-Briggs 16-Personality and has it change over the years?
Men and women of reddit! What are some examples of idiot proofing in your workplace?
What's tiring but also entertaining?
Health workers of Reddit: how did it make you feel treating a celebrity? Of course you cannot disclose any details, but were you star-struck or did you click into professional mode and just did your business?
What is a redeeming quality for something that is otherwise the worst of its kind in every way?
Out of the prolific YouTube advertisers, Raid/Audible/Raycon/Curiosity Stream/ExpressVPN/Honey etc etc, who is the best?
What is the most underrated book you've read ?
[Serious] What is an alcoholic supposed to do if she gets pregnant? What about drug addicts?
What little things make you smile on the inside?
What are some Android Easter eggs a phone owner might not know about?
What’s something about Reddit that pisses you off?
Whats the most drugs you’ve ever taken at one time? And how did it go?
What is something clever you can write in a card for a wedding that has only a little money in it?
What’s the worst job you’ve ever had?
What are your thoughts and opinions on the 'macho behaviour' that some guys display?
Truckers of reddit, what is the most infuriating/ dangerous driving maneuver you see on a daily basis?
How would you have handled 9/11 if you were the President of the United States?
What are some ressources, that most people don't realise that they are going to be used up?
What is it about you that makes it difficult to make friends?
"Greed is right. Greed works. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed, in all of its forms, greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge in mankind" - Gordon Gekko. What are your thoughts on this?
Long time users, how has social media broadly (not just Reddit) changed, and for better or worse?
How do you manage anger? What is your method of controlling rage over situations that would make you lose control?
Children with dumb parents, how do you deal with it? How has it impacted your life?
What is your priority this Friday afternoon?
International redditors, how do you view the 9/11 terrier attack on the World Trade Center?
Who is your fictional crush?
What do u need to be happy?
Why do you think Tom Brady thinks Covid will be a bigger problem this season than last season?
What percentage of individuals do you guesstimate cheats on their spouse?
How are you Americans celebrating on this very special day?
Is there someone here who doesn't have a complete set of toenails/fingernails?
What sport do you personally feel has the most attractive athletes, and why?
which dc character is the best,and why?
What’s your favourite home remedy?
What film was great the first time you watched it but was almost unwatchable the second time around?
Twins on reddit, what are your funniest stories/interactions with people?
If you thought your home was haunted, what would be your “nope” moment which convinces you to move out?
What are the lyrics of this song?
You are granted the ability to become anyone in the world for 1 week, who would you choose and why?
What was the first serious adult drama movie that you watched?
What’s your favorite month and why?
What is your favorite artist/band that you are digging right now that the rest of us probably haven't heard of?
How would YOU know what memories YOU have are fake or real?
What is your “uncloggable toilet” story? Or, for that matter that toilet that clogs when you breathe on it?
What was the best time of your life?
What is your discord mute key?
What disease/ailment are you convinced you have but most likely don’t?
If you could read minds, what's the first thing you would do?
People who successfully quit smoking, how?
What is the scariest story you've heard that defies any logical explanation?
Anyone had to start again at 40, 50, 60 or even 70? Like totally? No money, no honey, no home? What's your story?
What are some ancient skills, arts, or occupations (Examples: bladesmithing, wrought iron working, cement tile art, etc) which may soon become lost knowledge?
What is, bar none, the greatest dance track of all time?
Who is the first person you usually talk to in the Morning?
What disgusts you the most?
What is the most annoying noise to you and why??
what thing(s) can you not deny?
What are some forgotten / less known video games you would reccomend to anyone?
How can superman have sex with his girlfriend without his sperm exploding her body or it being so dense it falls through her?
You get to visit a historical person, and also give them a gift. Who would you visit, and what would you like to gift them?
What's a thing you want to do before you die?
If your house was burning and you can only get 3 things what would you take?
What’s the best thing you can do for some one who constantly needs validation?
Straight people have you ever had a gay moment? What happened?
How confident are you?
what one animal from an anime do you wish was real and was all over the world?
Is seven the right number of days in a week? What number would you choose?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Americans who were out of country during 9/11, what is your story?
How do German people feel about being the bad guys in every WWII movie/game?
people with acne all over you,how do you take care of it?
What is the complete opposite of you?
What is your catchphrase?
What did your parents promise you, but never delivered on?
Anyone have experience with an actual cult? If so, what was it like?
What's the best thing that happened to you so far this year, described in one brief sentence, without actually naming it?
if everyone lived on an anime world that was real and we lived on it,which anime would be the best choice to make real and make into a world?
Friends in other countries, it is the 20th anniversary of 9/11, how did you react to 9/11? Did it affect you personally in any way?
Where were you 20 years ago today?
What makes you stop and think “I freaking hate society”?
What’s one food you can’t live without?
How can mold be so dangerous if it’s common and we evolved with it that way?
What makes you emotional when watching a movie?
Which world leader has been grossly misrepresented by the history?
Most Popular Sites you go to for Show/Movie/Game/Anime Reviews?
How old were you when you learned former Nazis were among the first employees at NASA?
In what ways can a country be a victim of its own success?
What is your favourite Sport?
How do you eat a sandwich?
People who recovered from OCD,how is your life now?
What seemingly bad event in your life turned out to be a blessing in disguise?
If you knew that 9/11 was gonna happen before it did, what would you do differently?
What is your real 'American horror story'?
What is the most painful thing you have ever experienced?
What is missing in current social media platforms?
How much do you emotionally depend on other people?
What is the best dish that has pineapple in it?
what are things that ruin a child?
What is the best way to get rid of a yellow jacket's nest?
What's your favorite internet browser? What does it do better than the rest?
People who have sold or lost entire collections of something, any regrets?
how does being rich affect you?
How much does a GP make in germany?
What is the decision you take and still regret that you did until now?
if you had to have a permit to be a parent,what would be the things that would stop you from becoming a parent?
What is something painful to experience in life?
Window washers of Reddit. What is the craziest thing you have seen while washing windows?
If you were to conduct sexual intercourse with any anime character, who would it be and why?
What countries in the world or in history that had a dictator got worse after the dictator's death?
What is your opinion on workshipping cats as religion?
what was the best revenge you have ever dished out?
What are the best movie theme songs?
What edit of something have you seen so much that the original looks strange to you?
Where does one start with Digital Marketing?
teachers/professors of reddit, who was your favorite student and why?
If you were to go to jail today. What do your friends think you would go to jail for?
What is something that your body does that you wish it didn’t do?
How would you describe r/askreddit in a poem?
Whats your opinion about autotune in the modern music world?
Do you support Antifa? Why or why not?
what is the best Beatles song?
How is your day going?
What if there was a revival of the Tracey Ullman Show and it has shorts from different animators?
You stand to inherit $300 million dollars but in order to collect your inheritance, you must spend $30 million within 30 days. At the end of 30 days to cannot have any assets. You cannot donate to charity or give money away. How would you accomplish this?
Killers of reddit: How did you meet you killee and how did you kill the killee?
What works, that in theory, should not work?
How’s everyone’s day going?
What country could use a steaming hot freedom injection from the US?
What mix of dog breeds do you think would make the most interesting "mutt?" Conversely, which breed combination would be your nightmare?
If 2 trains are traveling at 200mph and both are going the same distance. But one has 2 stops, while the other 3 stops that takes 15 mins each for the first train with 2 stops. And 10 mins each for the 2nd. How long would it take you to vote down this question?
What is a job portrayed in movies, that is actually a lot cooler in real life?
Ex highschool / highschool students of reddit, what was the most wild senior prank you've witnessed / been apart of and what happened?
Metal specific (distorted vocals,tips,tricks,and techniques subs? Where? Please..?
What is something that sounds good but doesn't work?
What is your favorite antiquated word that you use regularly?
What does it mean to be cool?
What stereotypes or unspoken hierarchies exist within the world of classical musicians?
What character was adapted to movies/tv in a way that could’ve gone badly but somehow worked?
What would the Disney films look like if Quentin Tarantino were to direct & produce them?
What's the most shocking thing you found in your spouse's possessions?
[Serious] People who were around to witness 9/11, what was it like?
[Serious] Writers of all kinds, what stage of your life did you realize your gift?
When are we going to address the problem of IQ ?
The scholars, what motivates you to study so hard?
How do you live your life?
What are the best daily threads on Reddit?
What question could you easily google but would rather post on askreddit?
What's the worst thing you've gotten in trouble for?
Should the drone program in the US Military be abolished? Why or why not?
Dear redditors, knowing all of your own little weaknesses and kinks, how would you hit on yourself?
What are good youtube channels with a focus on debunking pseudoscience?
where you can find a free pdf of a book in reddit?
Which movie or series character you wanted to be at least once?
[Serious] Soldiers, what was the scariest thing you've heard/seen in a warzone?
Where were you when you realized you’re sick of hearing “Africa” by Toto?
What's something you said that started a really long agrument?
Emergency room employees, what's the weirdest thing a patient has ever shoved inside themselves (any hole, existing or created)?
What should you consider before getting surgeries to to help you lose weight?
To people who wear t shirts with phrases on them—why?
What was the easiest ultimatum someone gave you?
[Serious] What small decision is the reason why you are still alive today?
What kind of penis size would people say is too small for an 18 year old ?
If you could bring back any show what show would you bring back and why?
how was your spiritual experience?
What is the weirdest thing you saw on reddit?
What kind of music do you listen to?
People of Reddit, if you were told that sometime today you're going to die but not how you're going to die What would you do to try and avoid your fate?
What’s a good place to visit but a bad place to live?
What movie scene always makes you laugh out loud?
In the event of a war, will you willingly die for your country? Why?
What are some characters/ideas in cartoons that would be terrifying in real life?
What event foreshadowed an incoming disaster an no one knew it at the time?
What was once considered a red flag but is now a green flag?
To people who are: Honestly, what’s it like being married to a psychiatrist?
What are you up to today?
Concert-goers, what is the worst concert experience you've had at a concert and what was the band?
What made you happy today?
What is the very worst moment in your current job & what that ?
why the people fails in new businesses start.what is the reason?
What's your favorite or most memorable Nintendo DS game?'
Assume an alien came by just to trade technology for a variety of Earth memorabilia and seeds. Who should they talk to, and how would they safely go about contacting this person or agency?
What is the most unnecessary bureaucracy?
What are you doing for 9/11 ?
[Serious] When was a time you asked the internet for advice and it turned out to be wrong?
What is the coolest fact that you know ?
Who are some notable public figures you liked that winded up disappointing you and why?
what was the most hentai protagonist moment you've ever had?
Like we remember Bach and Mozart hundreds of years later, which select few musicians of the past 50 or so years do you think will be remembered in 200+ years?
Do hospitals anywhere in the world allow sex as a dying wish?
What should be accepted in society, but isn't?
What is one conspiracy theory that people still believe in after it was proven to be false?
what would happen if the concept of magic was introduced tomorrow?
What’s a reason to keep on going?
People who hardly ever game, why not?
What is the most intense situation you have ever been in?
Kids that were in the class George Bush was reading to as he learned of the 9/11 attacks, what did you think was happening?
What song do you consider to be 'the official seizure theme song'?
What can you honestly say you have never done?
What's your favorite 9/11 joke?
What made you smile today?
What's a corny pickup line or joke you heard recently?
What sex related college regrets do you have?
Which actor/actresses recasting of a character was a fantastic decision and paid off? Why?
What did you do for your 20th birthday ?
What makes you unique?
What movie was basically just one big ad?
What would you like to be done with your remains upon your death?
Do you think the 9/11 attack was a false flag operation? Why or why not?
Which country do you think has the best food?
What’s the difference between you, and the person you want to be?
what is the weirdest thing you have done while home alone?
Runners and joggers: why do so many of you run in the street next to cars and risk harm to yourself and others when there is a perfectly good sidewalk right next to you?
How was your first ever date go?
What lego are the most painful to step on?
step by step guide how to clean an ninja air fryer?
Adults who were pushed into hobbies like sports or music etc. as a child - how is your relationship with the subject now? Do you still play the instrument? Practice the sport or hobby?
Medical practitioners, what's the most painful procedure you have ever performed on a conscious patient?
What is something that “hurts so good”?
You walk into your home and to your surprise, see an identical copy of yourself sitting in the living room. Both of you look at each other. What happens next?
Denizens of Reddit, If you were to have a mock trial in comments how would the proceedings go?
What do you think about Arsenal winning vs Norwich?
Moths are attracted to fire, what are karens attracted to?
who can read this post?
What is something you buy, but hope that you never have to put to use?
What is the best trade you’ve ever made but a bad trade on the other persons end?
What is your view on the Grim Reaper?
What's scarier done during the day than at night?
Why are you surly today?
[Serious] Redditors who have struggled with depression, what was the difference after getting antidepressants?
You have 48 hours to assassinate a random person how do you do it?
What is your perspective on recent news on any topic (vaccine, covid, politics, etc) coming from the United States?
What did you do (or someone did for you) just to satisfy someone else's sexual fantasy ?
What is your favorite subreddit?
What are some unique ways to mock, insult and ridicule generations xyz ?
What’s the funniest thing that’s ruined “the mood” for you?
What advice did you get that no one asked for?
Clipper or Bic (lighters)? Why?
What is the most likely outcome after seeing a girl, who laughed at you, made fun of you, said crap about you, treated you like crap, etc. from school/work years later?
What is something you want to want, but currently don’t?
What was your irrational childhood fear?
What are your biggest turn-offs?
(Non usa) What’s the 9/11 of your country?
If you're traveling at 60mph, how long would it take you to travel 1 mile at that speed?
People of Reddit what annoys you the most?
What was an embarrassing moment you still remember to this day?
What tv show/movie portrays a perfectly written female character?
What’s the meaning behind your tattoo?
What is one thing about your occupation or product you create/maintain that you wish the public understood?
What is your most disgusting sounding, yet best food combination?
People’s whose significant other cheated with a close friend or family member, what happened?
What’s something you’ve never tried, but are confident you’ll be pretty good at?
Why lingerie is so sexy?
When did a stranger renew your faith in humanity?
What is the weirdest coincidence that you've experienced?
What would you think of a guy that says things that a woman would normally say (like "omg heey girl, love the outfit honey")?
Former mischievous teens of reddit,What was your relationship with your liquor plug like? Friends? Business partners?
What was your favorite gta 5 mission?
What is the most interesting real life case/ event you have ever heard about/ looked into?
What happened to you one time at an airport?
People who’ve experienced sleep paralysis, what actually happened?
What’s something you wish you could stop hearing about?
If a Christian monk takes a vow of silence but talks in their sleep, what are the repercussions (if any)?
Why America failed in Afghanistan?
Men of Reddit, what's your go to choice of fragrance?
Which 2 tv shows will you exchange the popularity with?
What's something you do to prevent yourself from doing something you don't trust yourself not to do if given the opportunity?
Where were you when Michael Jackson died?
What is one thing you don't like, that everyone thinks your crazy for not liking?
What is something that feels like cheating, but isn't?
What are some uncommon beautiful words that you know?
Doctors, Nurses, Physicians, etc who treated 9/11 victims, what was that day like for you? what were the following days/weeks like for you at your hospital/medical facility/etc?
When was a time you had to check yourself before you wrecked yourself?
What book would make a really good movie?
Conmemorating the 1973 coup d'état and many other terrorist attacks funded by the US on Chile and South America: What were you doing 48 years ago today?
People who got a COVID-19 vaccine: What convinced you to get vaccinated?
Skeletons of reddit: Whats it like not having any flesh?
Admins of reddit, what's your favorite thing about reddit?
What is something you WOULD wish on your worst enemy?
What did it feel like when you got your ears professionally cleaned for the first time?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve ever found in the ocean?
How did you come out to your parents?
In what way do mentale ill people can interact with others, without hiding their symptoms and feelings while also not being a burden or alienating others?
What should people be most worried about right now, why?
What is the best insult you have heard?
[Serious] Where were you and what were you doing on the morning of Sept 11, 2001?
Firefighters nowadays have so many more things to do than just fight fires, from handling overdoses to helping out stuck people to rescuing animals - so what would be a more appropriate name for the job?
The way doctors are known to have God complex. What is a trait that's akin to your profession?
what kind of horror have you stumbled upon on the Internet?
How do you keep a relationship strong when you’re both stressed about money?
What is something that everyone seems to like except you?
What are your best tips or strategies for make new friends?
Where were you on 9/11 in 2001 and what do you remember about that day?
What is a mean way of saying "No Thanks?
What is the grossest soda flavor you can come up with?
What channel did you watch on 9/11?
What's an example of pure wholesome good?
What historical criminal coulda gotten away with it if it weren’t for those meddling kids?
Would you care about a sibling that doesn’t care about you and why?
What would be the best way to offend everyone on social media at the same time?
Men of Reddit, what are you spending for a haircut?
What is the craziest thing to happen to you this year so far?
What is an example of neutral evil?
Old users of reddit, how embarrassed are you with your username?
What evil career not to be in?
People of New York, with it being the 20 year anniversary, what was that day like?
Reddit Americans, what were you doing on the day of the 9/11 attack?
What's the dumbest thing you did while preparing for a date?
Have you met/spoke to the following: Rita Ora, Denise Van Outen, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Nicola Roberts, Davina McCall, Martine McCutcheon, Mel B, Jenny McCarthy, Nicole Scherzinger and/or Nisha Anil? If so, what happened? Did a connection/friendship bloom?
Redditors who refuse to poop anywhere but home, why?
What's the worst thing you've ever heard of being revealed in a reading of a will?
what was the most satisfactory punishment you witnessed?
What's something you wouldn't wish on your worst enemy?
What do you do when you’re bored?
How would one “prove” to a questioning 16 y/o son that hummingbirds are actually government drones?
What are some examples of sexism in the banking industry?
What are some good uses for Grape-nuts besides eating?
How do you find the right questions to ask?
Costumed Characters and Mascots of Reddit, what’s your favorite memory on the job?
what ''useful'' object ends up making your life more difficult?
How do you know if someone has a crush on you (please don't give common answers) ?
Does Pluto form part of our solar system? Why?
What’s your advice for the Redditors desperate to find things better than sex?
Redditors from China -- do you really think China is that good and entitled to rule the world, and what makes you think China is any goiod anyway?
Neil Armstrong said, "That's one small step for (a) man, one giant leap for mankind." What will you say if you are the first human to land on Mars?
What is a very innocent YouTube video that is not allowed to be viewed with restricted mode on?
What has had a bigger impact on the USA: 9/11 or COVID-19?
People of reddit, what is your favorite memory of pre 2015 life?
What is a common social media trope, that makes you cringe?
To the people who viewed School/Work as an escape, how did quarantine impact your life?
What would you say if Insomniac made a Venom game?
Weight Lifters of reddit. What to avoid before,During and After lifting weights?
What is something that you are surprised people don’t know?
Are you okay with phone survalince to catch predators ect. Why or why not?
What can you say to a potential employee to let them know the job is physically demanding that does not scare them away?
How do you see the world 5-10 years from now?
What’s the purpose of fingernails?
What does your name translate to in modern English?
What subreddit should people subscribe to if they haven’t already?
What is a myth, that you hope was true ?
What is the purpose of angry sex?
what is the best thing your partner or someone else has said to you during sex?
In Japan, nearly everyone backs their car into a parking spot. What's something unique that people only do in your country/city/state?
What is your weirdest, craziest, funniest and or scariest experience while riding in an Uber?
What was the stupidist way someone became famous?
How does someone decide to pursue a career in crime scene cleanup?
Women of Reddit, what experiences have you had that are uniquely female?
Without saying the country, what things we'll find only at your local supermarket?
Younger (GenZ/Millennial) techies of Reddit - what do you consider the oldest tech (computing/electronics) you've worked with?
What are the pros and cons of a socialist society? [Serious]
If you find yourself in a groundhog day what would be the consequences of starting drugs?
What moment in any videogame intensified your trypophobia to the point where it felt like PTSD in chainsaw form?
What real life event, or person's life, would you turn into a movie?
What's something embarrassing about yourself that you have no problem admitting?
How long do you believe we have until the world ends?
You have the ability to take out an enchantment out of Minecraft to use as a superpower, which one do you choose?
What are your thoughts on taklife app ?
What was your experience on 9/11?
What song would be the worst to play before/during/after sex?
How has American culture affected your country?
What is the biggest lie you ever told?
How is your life better for being tall?
What drives men to cheat?
What are you doing to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Nickelback's album Silver Side Up being released?
What is the best fanfiction content out there?
What was your first Car?
What smell do you like?
Which country has the best food?
What do you do to achieve your personal heaven or absolute relaxation?
What is more important, mental health or physical health?
What was the weirdest thing you ever jerked off to?
Dear Redditors, so how did you come up with your username?
You suddenly wake up one morning in your ideal body, the one you've always fantasized about. How much does this ruin your day?
You have a choice to bring a historical figure into the present without any consequences, such as sudden changes to historical events. Who do you choose to bring?
What's the one inspirational quote you live your life by?
What’s the first big breaking News story you remember hearing in your lifetime?
What was your scariest experience that actually took the shit outta you?
What is something you are surprise is still going on today?
What is a genuinely creepy/disturbing encounter you have had while in the woods?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what is your thoughts on sentimentalism around this date?
People who clean/have cleaned hotel rooms, what's the nastiest thing you've found in there?
Which Game of Thrones character truly didn’t deserve to die?
People in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, what suburbs would you recommend for someone who wants to rent an apartment?
What well-loved movie do you dislike and why?
Whitout growing tired, what show can you watch over and over?
People who got their pets in quarantine what was their reaction when you started leaving the house more?
What is Social Media & Marketing ?
Before they discovered corn in the New World, what cereal grain did Europeans pop and serve with butter in their movie theaters?
An alien invasion has struck. The world gave you the only device that can save humanity. The catch is that it requires a continent and everything in it to operate. Which continent do you choose and why?
What do you do on your off days?
What can be said during an orgasm and while shopping at Target?
What is the name of this old cartoon series?
What the most creepy unexplainable thing that's ever happened to you that wasn't supernatural?
What are some strange mysteries or occurrences you would love you know the answers to?
What well known YouTuber should have been banned from YouTube but is still active?
What were you doing 20 years ago on September 11th, 2001 when the terrorists attacked the twin towers?
Are all serial killers psychopaths? What if they feel remorse and guilty for doing it but they believe their conviction, belief or cause outweighs how it makes them feel in the process?
What's your favorite weird food combination?
To what extent is it okay to be selective about the people you associate yourself with, especially when it comes to those whom you feel aren't compatible, or have different values from you?
What's a moment from your past that you thought was cool at the time, but now cringe every time you think about it?
[Serious] What story or experience made you believe in past lives?
What is something that you could spend hours watching and not get bored of?
What are some "as seen on TV" products that are actually good that you have bought or are considering buying?
What are your thoughts on "cancel culture"? What deserves it and what doesn't?
What was the 9/11 terrorist attacks like in person?
What’s the best way to tell a tradesperson that you’re hiring someone else when you’ve gotten multiple quotes for a project?
What are your top 3 rules for navigating life?
In which order do you take eggs out of an egg carton?
What is an experience you had that completely changed your perspective of a group of people or country?
What were you doing on 9/11/2001?
What is the most useless award?
what are you doing?
If you could choose one vehicle to become a transformer, which would you pick?
People who work with or along side people who’ve committed serious crimes, what is it like?
What are the most painful words that someone has ever told you??
How far are we from a future when music changes with the mood ? Or do we even need such a product for that matter?
what made you quit your last job?
What is your favorite animal?
What is the best movie to test a new home theater?
Surgeon of reddit: How do you not shiver when operate?
How did you think it would feel as a child to have a family and how do you feel it now?
What’s a song that Weird Al Yankovic needs to parody?
What Was Your “Oh Shit, I Just Fucked Up” Moment?
Most cultures have a similar penchant for the legendary—local tales which don’t need a marketing campaign to keep being retold by the locals. What is a restaurant, store, mall, school, church, business etc., your hometown or current residence which has a story of legend or myth attached?
What were your pretend cigarettes and alcohol as a kid?
What are some reasons for why the craziest news headlines about violence come from Florida?
Healthcare professionals, whats the worst medical mistake youve seen?
People who have talked down attackers with weapons, what's your story?
If you were given the chance to make any one commercial product free for everyone forever, what product would you choose?
People who love your jobs - what do you love about it and how did you get into this career?
How did you get started on Reddit?
What true crime case still shocks/affected you the most?
How do you make money from home?
With today being the 20th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, what were you doing on this day 20 years ago?
Gaming is now banned around the world. What do you do?
What’s your opinion on parasocial relationships (the one sided relationship fans have with celebrities)?
If the last thing you did got banned in you country, what would you do?
What is the Internet in 10 years be like?
What is something you find hard to believe, even though you know it’s true?
How long will it be “remember 9/11”, or “Never Forget” until it is actually forgotten and just in history books?
Where did it all go wrong?
What would you think if you saw a guy wearing a dress, a feather boa, fishnet tights, a purse, and heels?
How big was the biggest living spider you’ve ever seen in person?
Where were you during 9/11?
What video game that had no right to slap as much as it did?
What is one thing that a lot of people like, but you can’t stand?
What is your biggest financial regret?
What grocery store do you shop at?
You are now in the afterlife and get to revisit any major event In history. What major event are you visiting?
What one question would you ask from an all-knowing being after death?
What’s one story you have to tell within the first hour of meeting someone?
What did you major in College and what do you do now?
Elder Redditers: What's something you used to do, but no longer have to because of the internet?
For those of us who were too young or not born yet on 9/11, older people of Reddit, how would you describe what it felt like and how it changed, or didn't change, your worldview?
When did the class clown to "to far"?
To people who learned a language and now are fluent in it: what was your process like learning the language?
What's your dream car?
What is an example of pure good?
People who live in places where it doesn't snow or had never seen snow before, how would you describe the snow and how do you think it is?
What are your thoughts during sex?
Car wash workers of reddit, have any cars ever run out of gas mid car wash/clean? If so, what happened?
What are some video games that you associate with certain seasons?
Men, would you want a bigger penis, why or why not?
Hello Reddit people, where were you on 9/11/2001?
What was the most tragic movie death?
Who is the most toxic player you’ve met?
Teachers of Reddit, what's something a student did that you'll never forget?
What do you swear you saw, but have no proof of?
What's the most interesting item you've accidentally or purposefully smuggled past TSA?
When someone you know dies what do you do with their phone # & social media accts?
For pet dog lovers, how to train and behave a naughty and active 5-month old puppy/dog?
If a new disease came out this year, what would it be called?
Where were you when you found out about the 9/11 terror attacks and how did you find out?
What is something you’ll never understand?
What do you think of a new infamous game for the PlayStation 5?
What is your most vivid memory?
What was the last thing you've copied on to your phone?
What are your best tips for people looking at buying their first home?
how weird was your coming out story? tell us all please.?
What’s one tv show that your parents wouldn’t let you watch growing up, but wasn’t that bad? And what’s one show that they let you watch that was worse than they thought?
American Redditors! What College Football team will you be cheering for today?
What’s your 9/11 story?
How do you forgive yourself for something you've done in the past?
What Are Games That Ruined Your Favorite Franchise?
What’s a food that you think you will never get tired of?
What story do you like to tell at parties?
What’s the worst thing you’ve seen in a public restroom?
Non-Americans, what was your reaction to 9/11? And your country's reaction?
What small thing screams “I’m rich”?
What is your opinion on lesbians, guys & bisexuals?
What are your thoughts on the new Spider-Man 2 game coming in 2023?
Automobile designers of Reddit, cleaning the inside of windshield and back window is painful, what were you thinking when you designed it?
What celebrity do you think would actually have sex with you?
Barbers and hairdressers of Reddit, what are the grossest things you've witnessed while working?
People who got diagnosed with a incurable disease, how do you deal with it?
What's your best example of completing a 'side-quest' in real life?
What is a thing that you waste most of your money on?
What’s your biggest secret?
What’s happened in your life that resembles the closest to a horror movie?
People who have a family member that suffers from Alzheimer, how is it?
What’s the most fascinating fact/theory you know?
If you were an animal in charge of making a documentary about human behavior, what would be an important piece of information you would include in it? [Serious]
How would you react if Xbox released modern warfare 3 as an Xbox exclusive?
What is the best financial advice or money saving tip you have ever received?
What's something much easier than people make it out to be?
Redditors of NYC, what is the wildest thing you have seen a homeless person do?
American Redditors! American football fans, what team will you be cheering for today?
What is your friend/coworker’s nickname and why is it so on-point?
What are your favorite Netflix series so far ?
Where would you live if you were rich and money wasn't a problem for the rest of your life and why?
What is a YouTube channel you want to see exist? [Serious]
What does it mean to be a good friend?
What do you think about a restaurant that serves sandwiches with only condiments (Mayo, ketchup, mustard, relish, etc.)?
Fellow shy people of reddit how was quarantine for you?
What's the craziest rumor at your high school that turned out to be true?
What would happen—the steps taken, and the consequences—if some super rich guy like Bezos or Musk suddenly decided to cash out all their shareholdings and liquidate their assets?
What’s the best original song you’ve ever heard in a video game?
People who decided to have children: what regrets do you have about having kids and do you ever wish you truly never had them? And conversely, to those who decided to not have kids: Do you ever wish you did and if so why?
What are your thoughts on the good the bart and the loki?
What is the biggest source of stress in your life right now?
Since Halloween is right around the corner, what is the scariest, creepiest, most hair-raising thing you've ever witnessed?
Going to watch a horror movie. What's your favorite ?
What is something we used to be able to do before 9/11?
What is the main purpose of life except survival and reproduction?
What's your opinion on Religion?
What's your best, most inappropriate 9/11 joke?
Parents who subscribe to no religion, make no assumptions about the after life, and wholly believe in science; What do you teach your children about the “purpose of life”?
What’s a thing when seen in a certain light totally takes the fun out of it?
What Early-2000’s Hit really brought people together after 9/11?
How lucky are you?
What do you want to forget but you cannot?
What art do you have hanging in your house and why do you have it?
What were you doing on March 13, 2020?
What are the best examples of the Mandela Effect?
What was the mood like at the first orgy you attended after 9/11?
In honor of the 20th anniversary of 9/11, where were you on that day?
If you could go back in time and punch anyone in the face, who would it be?
When are you getting married ?
What’s the most messed up dream you’ve ever had?
What movies have you been able to watch YouTube?
What's a hill you're willing to die on?
What was the funniest thing you've ever witnessed/experienced?
If there is next life ,what do you want to be born as next life?
How would you describe your favorite color to a completely blind person?
Redditors who like to cook, what would be your best dish/recipe that you would serve to Gordon Ramsay in the first episode of Hells Kitchen?
What kinds of non-Communist subcultures do the Han Chinese have? Are there many that aren't anti-communist but not necessarily sanctioned, either?
Redditors and survivors of 9/11, in honor of remembering this 20th anniversary, what was your story on that fateful day?
What life hacks have you personally found that improve your life?
Current and past college students of Reddit, what’s the worst professor experience you’ve ever had?
What was the moment that made you realise you needed to break up with your partner?
What is worse than a heartbreak?
What song is criminally underated?
Whats ur best pick up line?
Which scene in a movie still gives you goosebumps?
Which one thing you procrastinate to do that will change your life drastically?
Is there a subreddit for discussing silver trading online where a beginner starting off with trading can learn and discuss?
What's the worst way to lose your dick?
What's something that your best friend do that you secretly hate?
What's a childhood habit that's still with you and that no one knows about?
Hurdy Gurdy Man comes singing songs of love, what would you do?
Whats the name of the song that has beeps at the start then shows omi man turning into a very sexualised version of himself?
What’s the fastest way to learn driving rules?
Drummers of Reddit, what are some of the best things about being on drumline?
[Serious] What Are Some Of The Most Disturbing Urban Legends From Your Country/Culture?
Ancient people of reddit, what was your favourite thing to do before and after the internet?
What is the worst thing that a person can put on their bio on a dating app?
What is your opinion about college parties in 2021?
People with birthdays on 9/11, how’s that going?
What is a unsolved mystery that happened in your hometown or your current living area that isn’t really well known outside of it?
Parents, do you spank your kids, why or why not?
What’s something rare that you own that you’re sure nobody else has?
What is your favorite not-well-known movie?
What type of people do you consider as wise?
What's your best joke?
What’s the best way to stop crushing on someone?
What is that one felling that you absolutely hate after doing a certain thing?
What's one thing you can do which you believe/d no one else can do?
What TV shows lasted longer than they should have?
How come men get made fun of for wearing sandals but not flip-flops?
What's the politest insult you've ever say to someone?
Which skill would you want 100% mastery in?
What was your first ever encounter/impression of your SO?
What's the creepiest thing you've ever come across, either irl or on the internet?
Athletes what’s the best trash talking you’ve heard while on the field/court?
If you could travel to any location, where would it be?
Seeing as this is the 20th anniversary, how has the world or country changed since 9/11?
[NSFW] [serious]What is the most sexual dream you had about a person you find the least sexually attractive?
What tips are there for people who have been skinny for a long time, to gain weight?
Why did 9/11 have to happen?
What's the last thing you were excited about?
When a patient comes to a therapist and can name the cognitive distortions they have and have obviously done self-research about what they think is “wrong” with them, do therapists see that as a red flag or a good start?
What movie/TV scene still scars you?
In relationships, what used to be a green flag for you that has turned into a red flag over time?
What is the most versatile food product?
How long can you hold your breath?
Whats an awful event in history that is just glossed over?
To delete, or not to delete, that is the question. What is the best or worst thing that has happened to you after not deleting your browsing history?
Whats worse: the 911 attacks or coronavirus debacle?
Redittors of reddit, what was the weirdest/most unfair thing you got grounded for?
Chuck E Cheese workers, what are your funniest or scariest stories?
What is a GREAT song that not a lot of people know?
The protagonist of the last movie you saw, TV show you watched, video game you played, and book you read all meet for dinner at a fancy restaurant. What do they talk about?
Workers of reddit How was your job affected by 9/11 ?
What musician was your favorite and is now your least favorite?
What makes a good friend?
whats the longest period you have had to go without food?
What makes you a Redditor?
Why no Google Doodle today of all days?
If you could poop anything, what would you poop?
What's a weird but cool fact about yourself?
What are some groups/subcultures that can be considered deviant but not inherently criminal?
Taxi drivers of reddit, what are the strangest things you found left in your backseat after the day?
You have to choose to lose ONE body part in order to save the life of someone you love, what do you choose?
Where were you when you found out about 9/11?
What you consider a huge red flag in a first date?
What's your favorite phase of mitosis?
What makes you get out of bed every morning?
What is. does the devil has bad luck?
What small thing screams "narcissism"?
What do you say to a friend who is mourning the death of a loved one?
People who voted for Biden how do you think he is doing as president?
If you were a dog, what is it about you that'd make you a bad dog?
what's the most painful moment in life?
What are you jonesing for?
Who do you think should play as Ash Ketchum in the upcoming live action Pokémon TV show?
What does your average, typical grocery store shopping list look like?
What cereal do you like the most?
Without skipping a beat, what’s something that makes you grin from ear to ear?
What is the worst betrayal anyone has done to you?
people who filmed fights, why are you so bad at filming them?
How do you become happy again?
What are your thoughts on food pantries?
Which celebrity do you hope never does anything wrong to ruin their reputation?
Who was someone in your class that became a huge success?
If you have only last 24h in your life, and you know that. What you're gonna do?
Redditors What’s the creepiest thing you’ve ever done when you had a crush on someone?
Women of reddit, do you find glasses unattractive on a guy? Why or why not?
As an American or European, what makes you think your country/continent is better?
If you could have one not-so-super power, what would it be and why?
What is something people do regularly that greatly pisses you off?
What secret did you share and immediately regretted it?
What is the best roast a teacher has said?
What is the luckiest thing that ever happened to you?
What’s the most legendary thing you saw someone doing?
Hey reddit if you could change one thing in history what would it be?
How has 9/11 been significant in your life?
[Serious] Americans who were around during 9/11. What were you doing when you heard the news? What happened immediately afterwards as a result?
What do you remember about 9/11?
Why do you suppose some people are so unproductive at home?
Hermeneutical Injustice: What knowledge were you denied that would have allowed you to understand and take control of your own life?
What would you like to get for your birthday/Christmas?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live? [Serious]
What is the weirdest thing you’ve found the day after a night out?
What’s a person you can find at every Airport?
Were you ever been in a fight in school, how high was the damage to the other person?
What act of kindness really marked you ?
What is a certain food that makes you look off into the sky/ceiling and think to yourself "how the flying fuck do people eat this trash!?"
Where does evil exist if it is not committed by people?
What’s a person you’ll find on every Plane?
You are now the last thing you touched, what are you?
How did you forget to do the thing you were a master at?
What’s the worst movie trailer you’ve ever seen?
Couple who sleep with separate blankets, how do you make the bed?
What is your favorite unexplained scientific phenomenon?
What's been your experience with in-patient mental health treatment?
What athlete, actor, or musician would have become a legend but ended up having their lives/careers destroyed by the things that come with being famous?
What’s that YouTube video that never fails to fill you with awe?
Is there a language where mother doesn’t start with an M?
How are you trying to be a better person, or better version of yourself?
What is something you only buy once in a lifetime?
What’s something taboo that you’ve always wanted to try?
What’s with the innocent kid in high school to hardcore party animal and drug addict pipeline?
Redditors, what are some sad truths about life, and how did you learn them?
What’s one of the worst things to say after having sex?
What's your favourite quote?
What is your opinion on vacationing with friends (as an adult)?
What are your top 3 favorite movies?
Non-native speakers of English, what was the hardest thing to grasp about the language?
People who went for a long time with an undiagnosed mental illness, what's your story? [Serious]
What is something that’s really hard to explain to people?
Pandemic baby parents of Reddit, what differences in the development are you noticing in your children?
What is the most random or weird dream you had?
Redditors who use Raya, how is it?
What's your favorite burger place?
What is a not-so-fun fact about yourself?
Whats your best 9/11 themed pick up line?
What was something done that was evil that ultimately yielded results for the good of the world?
What is something under 50$ that everyone should buy?
What is something that everybody thinks is fake but isn’t?
What's a traditional belief/practice that you found out actually has a scientific explanation/importance?
Where were you on the morning of 9/11?
Whats your favorite indie game other than MC?
[Serious] Redditors who had to celebrate their birthday during the 9/11 attacks, how did it go?
Depressed Reddit, what is the one sadder thing that would do it for you?
What is the most paranormal thing you experienced?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever been told?
How do we solve the population problem?
What is your job and what movie portrays it accurately?
What’s your dating horror story?
What did you enjoy, but is hard to recommend?
If you have ever exposed a ex’s weird kinks/fetish’s what were they and how did you do it ?
what was the weirdest thing the band kids did?
What’s an example of pure good?
Men over the age of 52 from the north west territories in Canada who have previously lived in the Dominican Republic and have tinnitus, what is your story?
Settle the debate - What is the best biscuit for dunking??
[Serious] Is it wrong/racist in any way for a white person to have less / no attraction towards a specific race or the exception of a specific race? if so, why?
What is the most revolutionary thing in the last 10 years?
People who have been clinically dead, what did you see?
Where were you when 9/11 happened?
What’s a good name for that awkward interval between saying goodbye on a Zoom call and actually managing to hang up?
People who consider getting a penile transplant, what is the minimum you are willing to settle for?
California voters, will you recall Newsom or Elder? Why?
What is a step granddaughter?
What is a step grandson?
What are things you wish someone would create?
Military personnel who served outside their country. Did you have a fling/hookup and what was the result of the fling/hookup?
What white lie are you still somehow keeping up today?
Which antagonist sounded the most constipated?
People of Reddit who have used drugs in the past, what was the lowest point you hit in life and how did you overcome that?
What job would you not take unless it was the only thing to keep you from being homeless and starving?
Canadians of Reddit, how was Canada when 9/11 happened and any personal stories?
What is the superior condiment?
What are your thoughts on the Republican Recall?
How will phones be like in 20 years?
What would you have liked to have to help your mental health as teen/student ?
What small thing can you do that can make a huge change?
Who is the most underrated historical figure?
So, where were you on 9/11?
Class clowns of reddit, what is the funniest thing you've done?
If you could only keep one memory your whole life, what memory would you keep and why?
People who worked at Disney, what was the worst thing a visitor ever did/said to you?
What is a hobby you'd recommend? And why?
What is the most embarrassing thing you had to do?
What is something you hate doing, but can't resist doing?
People that were there on september 11, what was your reaction and how your day went?
How do you feel when your post or comments get removed?
when you order food delivery and live in a walkup building, do you come down to get it or make the delivery person walk up?
What is the weirdest thing that happened in your school years?
What's so bad about your favorite show/movie?
What are the good example of 'toxic positivity'?
Who's someone you should get in touch with today to see how they're doing?
What do you hope for today?
What is an infosec tip everyone should know right now?
[serious] People who were alive 20 years ago, where were you when you heard the news?
Sex is great, what is better?
What’s your biggest fear concerning technology that you believe will occur over the next 10 years?
Americans who woke up on 9/11 after the first plane hit (due to timezone difference or whatever), what was your experience that morning?
Not trolling, but why do Americans still care about 9/11 after 20 years?
Calling all creative minds…What would be a good name for a new senior fitness business?
Immortals of Reddit, how has this new millennium disappointed you?
What's an animal that's a lot bigger than we think it is?
[serious] Why is it considered such a taboo for someone to want to unalive and why aren't there more assisted options available?
People who were around 9/11/01… what was it like not having memes and reddit?
what is the best dream you ever had?
How do we feel about people who don’t allow kids at their weddings ?
What is an advice you would like to give?
Parents of Reddit, has there ever been a time when your child walked in on you while having sexual intercourse? If so, how did it go?
What's the most wholesome fact you know?
When was the last time you busted a nut?
What Hollywood/famous couple, either together or separated, should never have been a couple in the first place?
Fellow reddits have you ever had a stalker to where you moved and if so what else did you do to protect yourself?
Shouldn't a person's right to choose what to do with their body trump anything? Masks, clothes, tattoos, abortions, meds. Instead of passing laws and assigning mandates left and right, why can't we just pass one that says, "stay out of other people's business." Wouldn't that solve a lot of problems?
Those of you who were alive for it, what do you remember from 9/11?
What would happen if someone with a birthday cake and balloons shows up to new york where the twin towers used to be and say "happy 20th birthday 9/11!"?
Newbs: what is one thing you think a new Redditor should know?
Where were you on 04/23/2005?
What if all the oranges on the planet became the Annoying Orange?
What was the thing your ex did or didn't do that made you leave him/her?
What personal story you read on Reddit that you still think about frequently?
Are we safer today than we were 50 years ago. All the crazies out there make sure you know their crazy. This has to be an advantage, right? What do you think?
What’s your opinion of the Pokémon trainer aesthetic?
Abt how much is 100 2014-17 pokemon cards worth?
Americans of Reddit, where were you on 9/11, what do you remember?
Are dog people usually extroverted and cat people introverted or what’s your experience?
What are good date ideas for a long-distance relationship?
How was your day guys?
Without naming any physical traits, what is the most manly thing to you?
what do you think about 2 faced people ??
[Serious] What’s the hardest thing you’ve ever had to do?
Who gets to name the animals in rescue/humane society places?
What are your thoughts on capitalism?
would ya marry a karen? if yes ,why the heck?
What is the best act of trolling you’ve ever seen?
What are brands that the super-rich wear but most common folk don't know about?
What is your weirdest experience with voice chat on video games?
What career has the most people don't it just for the high salary, rather than being passionate about it?
If 9/11 happened today instead of 20 years ago, how would it be different?
[SERIOUS] People who cured their phone addiction, how did you do it?
What is/are your deepest fear(s)?
Where were you on 9/11/2001?
If socialism is considered bad in America, why is it so common for people to need to crowdfund for medical bills?
What are brands that scream old money?
What jobs can 14 year olds get in Ottawa?
What body language does girl use in high school, if she has a crush on someone?
Redditors, before Maggie got revealead to be the shooter, who did you think to have shot Mr. Burns?
What happened when you were sarcastic at the wrong time ?
What's something that even when it's bad is still pretty good?
What did you think was normal growing up in your family, that you discovered was really abnormal or weird?
What are the signs that someone is feeding you with wrong informations?
What is something our entire society, economy, and existence is built around?
[serious] The minorities of Reddit, how do you get past racism?
What are you nervous about?
People who remember 9/11, When you saw the towers being hit, what do you think it was? what was the first thing that came to your mind?
What’s a weird food combination that everyone should try?
How would you re-invent your favorite device or object for modern future times?
Where were you when the world trade center went down?
Parents of Reddit What is the creepiest thing your child has ever said or done?
Why the fuck are people that can’t speak proper English customer care representatives?
What was 9/11 like where you lived?
Have u ever met a good looking person with no dating experience or interaction with other sex? And if so, how did they turn out this way?
Man , what is life ?
What is the root of all evil?
What would be your reaction when you look back at today after 20 years?
What’s the best “start a conversation” question?
Someone contacted a friend about depression while pregnant, holding a steady job while a felon but is losing hope. They have a very abusive partner both physically and mentally who has no job and beats them after they work all day so they’re breaking. would anyone have suggestions for this person?
What would happen if someone screams al qaeda at a taxi driver?
What’s the most iconic word from your country?
People of reddit, to you think men wearing black nail polish is gay? Why or why not?
why couldn't we just put strong nets over the sewer pipes that connect to the ocean so we don't pullute?
What makes you happy?
How tired are you of these people buying and selling these PlayStation 5s for 2 and 3xs more the price?
People that witnessed 9/11 what was it like?
What is the most interesting (and real) origin for a phrase that you know of?
What's an example of pure good?
What's your "if I had a nickel for everytime I ________ i have two nickel. Which isn't a lot but it's weird that it happened twice" story?
How real are these "extreme cheapskate" shows?
How old were you on September 11, 2001?
What is the best thing to ask your boss if you are the best employee?
What's a good gift for a snake?
Whats the funniest thing you’ve done while high?
(Serious) How can we take the greed and self-interest out of politics?
which surgery do you believe should never exist?
If You're Eating a Sundae, Do You Eat the Cherry on Top First? Last? Halfway? Why?
Where’s the most depressing news ?
What are some of the lesser know consequences of the 9/11 attacks?
For those of you who have birthdays on 9/11, how do you feel celebrating 9/11?
What should be the official song for ending COVID-19?
If someone's bf recently transitioned and is now their gf, how do they get their parrot to stop saying that person's dead name?
In the future, your grandchildren say “Tell us a story about yourself” What story do you tell them?
What Happened During 9/11 For You?
Your Summer Love Never Left You, How’s Life?
Window washers of reddit, what is the craziest/weirdest thing you've seen?
People of reddit, explain your most used reaction gif to a reply. Why do you love it?
What thing (no matter what) can easily boost your physical attractiveness?
What are your thoughts on enrolling to a course titled "Getting a boyfriend/girlfriend 101"?
People who became atheists, what made you not believe in god?
What sensual movie do you never resist the temptation of?
Racists of Reddit, why are you racist?
What do you think about the US splitting into two countries?
[serious] where were you 20 years ago when the first Tower got hit?
Where were you when they ran out of stuff to build the ladder to Heaven?
How tired are you of being asked where you were and what you were doing on September 11, 2001?
How do you stop caring about someone you love?
Men/boys of reddit. Have a woman/girl ever ask you out on a date? If so then how?
Other introverted people of Reddit what’s it like having extroverted parents?
How often do you cheat on your husband/boyfriend, and how do you keep him from finding out?
After what situation you realized that your friend is true friend?
What's the oldest memory you can remember?
What would you change about YOUR world?
Parents, is the world more dangerous for our kids, or do we just perceive it to be and why?
What is your 9/11 experience?
How do you remember the day of Sept. 11, 2001, how did you first hear about the attacks and what did it mean to you?
What's something popular in your state that you hate?
Waiters or retail clerks of Reddit, how to know if you’re flirting or being nice for your job?
What was the most backhanded compliment you’ve ever heard?
What is one thing you did as kid, but, as an adult, you think was really stupid/didn't make sense?
What are some of the most infamous mysteries or murders or scandals in your country's history?
Which word sounds badass to you?
What tech or utility gadget do you commonly use that deserves more awareness?
Who would you consider Mary Sue in real life?
Dyslexic People of Reddit, What is your righty tight-ey lefty loose-y?
While 9/11 was a tragedy that occurred in America, what positive changes occurred after the tragedy that we can take away from it whether it was in terms of security, being a stronger patriot, etc?
[serious] What interesting ways are schools encouraging their students to wear masks?
If there were time travelers, how would they stop 9/11?
If an alien species came down to Earth, which technology of theirs would amaze you the most?
When did you realize you had a terrible girlfriend?
If you have 2 hour with Scarlet Johnson, what would you ask here?
Most rom-coms are one plot twist away from a horror film. How would you describe your favorite rom-com if you were marketing it as horror?
What is something you thought would be great but ended up being more effort than it was worth?
What is Futurama's saddest moment?
What time of the year is it appropriate to start celebrating Christmas?
How has the labor/wage shortage impacted your area?
What question would sound weird to ask outside of your profession?
What is more awkward than it seems?
Who has the worst & most sensitive monitors who loves to smash the ban buttons?
If you could exchange one aspect of your country with another ones', What would you replace and why?
What’s a life hack that you use at your job that you think others in your field should know about?
Your soul is sent to hell. You get to choose between being tortured for all eternity, or going back to earth as a demon and bisecting people on ships. What do you choose and why?
What are your opinions of buying a used car from an auto garage?
How does religion have a negative impact on modern society?
Past or present high school debate kids, what was the worst argument that someone tried to defend?
What do you know that most people don’t?
Foreign-born taxi drivers, convenience store owners, and gas station attendants, who are you always talking to on the phone?
Girl Redditors, what do you remember most about Lego Friends?
What’s the worst thing about being a man?
What year is it? Why?
Victims of abuse, what happened? And how could it have been caught earlier? Nsfw
What is the one thing that makes having a brother/sister worth it?
What are your favourite subreddits? Where have you met your online friends?
What’s one time when you’ve either used reverse psychology or fell in the trap of reverse psychology?
If life was actually a video game, what would be considering a glitch or a mod?
What makes Texas the best or worst state?
Park Rangers of Reddit, what are some of your best/worst expirences?
People of Reddit who are always late, what was your tardiness “rock bottom,” and what was your aftermath?
Guys of Reddit, What was not your proudest fap?
Non-British people of reddit, if you find the upper-class British accent sexy/hot, why?
What's a typical experience off going to the supermarket for food? (Trollies, Parking, Bumping etc...) ?
PEOPLE OF REDDIT, if there would be no government in the entire world all of a sudden what would you do?
What's something that used to be hugely popular that everyone's forgotten now?
Americans of reddit why are you not complaining to someone above someone who is abusing power and other things. Example: You correct teacher, teacher sends you to detention. You always read stories where someone can complain but doesnt. Why?
What type of jokes make you insecure?
What is the best breakfast, lunch, then dinner combo of restaurants in Manhattan?
People who believe in zodiac signs, why?
What movie had you crying by the end?
Ok, which is better: Chargers or Camaros?
What’s the worst part about working in retail?
What's a good excuse to say if you've missed an important zoom call?
What is a problem that you don't think the other sex would fully understand?
What TV show has/had the most horrible, or least accurate, trailer?
National park enthusiasts of Reddit, which national parks should you avoid and why?
Amputees of Reddit, what's it like adjusting to your missing limb? [Serious]
What is the most inspiring story of redemption you’ve ever seen in another person?
What is the pettiest, most spiteful thing you've ever done and why?
If you owned every console ever made, with every game ever made, which game would you play first and why?
What are your parents’ first names?
Nsfw. Would you kiss Mia Khalifa? Or any other pointer for that matter? Why or why not?
You're driving the freeway at 70mph. Suddenly, the steering wheel comes off. What do you do?
Which product used to be well-made, but has since gone down drastically in quality?
How would dating be different if everyone was blind?
Hey Reddit, what conspiracy theory do you no longer follow and why?
Do you ever plan on deleting your social media? Why or why not?
People whose partners have cheated on them, what's your story and how did you react?
People who quit watching porn, what made you stop for good?
What is it like to build a house?
What was the first Onion article you ever fell for?
Are you happy? What makes you happy?
PEOPLE OF REDDIT, what is the Most Important news event of the last 100 years?
Is it important to you to live by the sea, and why/why not?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
What movies/shows/cartoons side character spin-off should have used a different character?
What has your scariest experience out with friends been?
At a marriage, who has ever heard somebody react to “Speak now or forever hold your peace”, and what was the reaction?
What have you eaten an entire container of in one sitting that you would rather not confess to?
You just got the power to go back in time and grab something from the past to the present, what would it be?
what is the worse thing you have ever down to someone before?
What screams ‘noob’ and what ‘pro’ — in your line of business?
What's the most disturbing thing a person has confessed to you?
What is your creepiest experience ever?
If you are straight and your best friend confesses he is gay after 5 years of friendship where "No award" moment has happened between you, what will be your reaction?
What's the best example you know of mind over matter working?
People of reddit, how much can you bench?
You are running from a pretend killer clown for tickets to Scarewins. Within a 2-mile vicinity, where are you hiding?
What piece of work (Science, Literature, Music, Architecture, Engineering, etc) was clearly inspired by Post-Nut Clarity?
What is the fastest you have ever seen a new co-worker get fired?
If you invented the concept of music, how would you explain it ?
Have you ever discovered your partner was having an online affair? Why did you stay/leave?
What's the psychological reason behind craving life threatening danger?
What’s considered feminine by society that really shouldn’t be?
What's your age and what makes you happy?
Reddit, what is the Cringiest memory of your life?
People who play porn games, why?
What’s something you did as a child that has affected your life as an adult?
How do you react when your super cute crush calls you brother?
When was the moment you realized you’ve checked out of your relationship?
Ex-Amino users or ex-gacha fans, what was the worst thing someone has done to you or the worst thing you experienced while on the app or in the fandom?
What new things do they teach in elementary science classes today that they didn't teach 10 years ago?
What's the worst free game you've ever played?
What do you find peace in knowing?
Guys who style your hair, how did you find out what style was best and what product(s) to use?
What happened at your school/workplace because of you, by accident?
What is your car's name?
How has a change of perspective changed your life?
To ladies who wear high-heeled shoes at work how do you do it?
What happens if you go past the edge of The Universe?
People of Reddit, what was the most annoying thing a family member/friend/roommate has done?
What comes to mind when you think "wellness"?
Why do you think everyone is so angry?
What's the weirdest fake fact that you've heard someone try to pass off as true?
If Howlers from Harry Potter were real, who would you write one to and what would it say?
What’s something you haven’t done in months / years but you used to do daily?
Redditors of the world — what are the latest biggest news in your country, other than Covid stuff?
What was your most “f*** around and find out” moment?
Who's the most unfunny comedy show in your opinion?
What subreddit do you frequent because it's about something you like, but dislike or loath the community and why?
What tv series really lives up to all its hype?
If you're in a mall without a lot of people around, but you literally can't hold a crap in any longer, would you shit your pants or run around the corner and shit all over the floor and why?
What song released before the year 2000 would probably be even more popular if it was released today?
What game is an underrated masterpiece?
People already checked out of their marriage, what's stopping you from filing for divorce?
what song do you relate to the most atm?
What do you think a most handsome baby boy name for this year 2021?
Which song would you like to be played at your funeral?
How old are you, and when did you last shit your pants?
Reddit is the answer what is the question?
What nuggets of forbidden knowledge have you learned?
[Serious] Within a day's journey of Tokyo, what are the best Japanese points of interest?
What job do you want to have?
What are you very picky about and in contrast so careless about?
Has anyone actually had their dog eat their homework? What happened?
What was the weirdest thing your significant other did while having sex?
Okay Reddit, what is your best drunk story?
What is the best music of the Renaissance?
Why did Galadriel give Frodo her butt plug?
If you could know the answer to one mystery, crime, or occurrence in in the world, what would it be?
Those of you who have graduated high school, whats your opinion on marriage?
What are annoying things your pets do?
What would a beginners exercise regiment include for a lifestyle?
What was the worst way a friend betrayed you?
What is the most annoying sound?
What is the rudest thing a guest has ever done in your home?
What is an underrated career?
What is something small to others you will always remember?
Those that hate bike riders out on the road, what do you wish they would do to make things less annoying?
Women, what are some basic hygiene habits that most women aren’t aware of but should be?
What do most middle aged (25-45) USA citizens need the most right now?
You got 10 min to reveal a pen to a blind detective. If he finds it you get $1,000,000, but he's very stupid and incapable. Where would you place it?
What is something you’ve done that you will “take to the grave?”
What would you define as living ‘close’ to the coast and what country are you from?
What’s a food that tastes better after it’s been cooked and refrigerated than when it’s right out of the oven?
What's something you wish you could tell your parents but cant or wont?
Whats your best/worst pickup line?
what’s the meaning behind your online alias?
Highly sensitive people, how do you deal with people constantly telling you you’re “too sensitive” even though you know it yourself?
Gen Z-ers, what is something you are starting to notice about Generation Alpha who started in early 2010s?
Have you ever literally been so scared that you pooped yourself? If so, what’s your story?
How do you politely tell someone their breath stinks?
Who is the most overrated artist of all time?
If the five basic tastes are sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and unami(savory), which does wasabi fall under? Would it and other chemical-like tastes have a new, sixth category?
which country do you think south korea is the most similar to?
What are some simple problems that occur a lot or enough to make it irritating?
Whats your ideal first date?
Those who have been involved in a threesome, how did it start?
What have you pretended to like in order to be polite that totally backfired on you?
How is your daily life likely to change when Japan finally takes over the world?
People who have met or know artists (regardless of fame level) who have then written songs that either are about you or that you think are about you. What was the experience like hearing the song for the first time and what is it like hearing the song now?
Bi/Gay People of Reddit, What is Life Like For You Once You Came Out, is it Similar is it Different?
People with full time jobs: what’s the most relaxing day of the week for you and which day gives you the most anxiety and why?
Star Wars, Star Trek or Dune? And why?
What is your favorite Thriller or Horror movie?
What is something that you regret buying ?
"Never ask a woman if she is pregnant." What other "never ask..." advice should a person know?
What popular/hit song can you not stand?
Former homeless redditors, what is something you feel would be the most helpful for currently homeless people to get on their feet?
What’s something that happened to you, that no one would believe if you told them?
What are the fanciest things you can cook with canned food?
What is the most inappropriate time you ever smiled?
What human langauge is probably secretly some kind of alien language?
What's the most heartbreaking sentence you have ever read in a book?
What are some personality traits that make you not want to be someone’s friend?
People who changed from homosexual to straight - how did it happen?
If you had a $1,000,000 to give away, how would you give it a way or what would you do/build to ensure it helps the most amount of people?
What's a food or meal you have tried many times but just cannot understand why people like it?
What was the most interesting and complex situations that you witnessed others can't get out of, and it wouldn't have been a challenge for you?
what's your favourite football club right now?
If you had 1 million dollars to spend in one day, where would you start?
Who has had the biggest impact on your life and why?
[NSFW] How did your hamster die?
Straight men who don’t wash down there? What’s up with that?
What is the best ice cream flavor?
What popular product/service do you think is completely overrated?
If you had a non-explicit Onlyfans, what would you do?
What if Freddie Kruger was an innocent man denied due process?
Your ex who dumped you reaches out by text after months or even years without communication (ie. “Hey, is this y/n?”). What do you do?
Using only food as hint, tell us where you live?
Those of you who no longer have to work How do you spend your time Whats your day-to-day life like?
(Serious)People who have been on the dark web,what was the most horrifying thing you saw on there and what made you quit using it?
What cologne gets you compliments?
What's the most tragic thing that has ever happened to you or someone you know?
You have your phone in your hand and you have no pockets. You have to wash your hands, but there is no secure place to put your phone without there being a risk? Where do you put your phone?
Whats a fictional character you love but you know would support politics you hate in real life?
How do you think the world would react if scientists found out that we are living in a simulation?
For men who like girl with boyfriend, what make you keep pushing and pursuing her even she rejected you multiple times?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the scariest monster or boss you ever faced in a video game?
What disadvantages do you feel you have from growing up with a single parent (if any)?
How do women achieve post nut clarity?
What is the most unexpected thing that ever happened in your life?
You have to admit. Isn’t it satisfying when you get out of the shower and use your hair dryer to blow the condensation from the bathroom mirror?
What Would You Choose And Why? Starting Your own company or working in an already established company with a good pay?
What's the dumbest way you've accidentally hurt yourself?
How would your life be going now if you had the career/dream life you wanted as a child?
What defined you at your sexual peak?
What is your favorite super hero movie?
People who have sent love letters out of the blue. What ended up happening?
In the US, students recite the Pledge of Allegiance at school every morning, what is the equivalent of that in your country?
For those of you who reply to a discussion post, completely ignoring the main point and then argue with people when they tell you your reply is not the point being discussed, why?
What made you pick your Reddit username?(serious)
If you could create one thing by pure willpower, what would it be?
Which snack do you closely resemble?
If your life was a TV show, what would your character be known for?
What is your dream car?
Who is your favourite celebrity who isn’t a singer, actor, or politician?
You just had a baby - what would be the one thing you teach them?
What’s the worst pun you ever heard?
RPG lovers of Reddit, treat your current attire as if it was in a RPG game. What would it be called? What would its stats and flavor-text be?
What is your worst first date experience?
If the hijackers would have been arrested and failed to carry out 9/11, what would be different in the USA today?
Travelers of Reddit, what have you mistakingly brought through TSA without being caught?
If you could relive something from your past, what it would be? Why?
Where would be the best place exchange small bills for larger ones without having a bank account?
You have 10 seconds to introduce yourself. What do you say?
Annoyed ppl of Reddit, what's something that can go from no biggie to full on anger inducing in a matter of secs?
You are somehow elected leader of the world, and can do anything you want to. What's the first thing you shall do?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
Those of you that pay bills by yourself but didn’t go to college/trade school what do you do for a living?
People who post videos where the photo/video changes every 0.1 nanoseconds, so you can't actually see anything, why?
What was/would be a great troll post?
What mortal secrets do you want to know the truth of after you die?
What's something you could say to your friends but NEVER to your family?
People of Reddit, what's your "worst breakup ever" story?
What rap song best sums up your life right now?
What would the world look like today if The USA declared war against and invaded Pakistan, Afghanistan & Saudi Arabia in the aftermath of 9/11 instead of Iraq and Afghanistan?
If you were a supervillain, what would your superpowers be?
What would a hamdemic be like?
If nothing can be created or destroyed, how tf are we even here?
You have 9 minutes to hide a pen AND a pencil in your house before a toddler comes over to search for it and if s/he doesn’t find it you don’t have to babysit, so where do you hide it?
What are the names of underrated songs by Eminem?
What are you annoyed of seeing/reading on reddit?
How likely will the next world war be with china?
Year 2 into the pandemic… How are you coping, really?
What's not nearly as fun as people make it seem?
What is something you think you are in the top 5% of?
What moment made you realise that you were in love?
What will a real friend do for you that a fake friend won't?
What is something that you could make more efficient if given enough power?
Every other person on earth suddenly dissapers for a year. What do you do to pass the time/survive?
Pes or FIFA over the years which is still the best on console?
If you could only ask your celebrity crush one question, what would it be?
If you had to choose between living in Gotham or Metropolis, which one would you live in?
What are your favorite exhibits to see at a museum?
People who have seen UFO's, what's your story?
What is a good way to figure out what job to take?
What stereotype do you happen to fit?
What was your dream career as a child?
What defines a sweaty try hard in gaming?
To people who cheated on their partner: why?
What are your views on legal prostitution and sex work?
What's your favorite Youtube video?
What places commonly have guns that laymans wouldn't expect to have any?
What words or phrases did you start to use ironically but evolved into your regular vocabulary?
Which songs are based on others, but isn’t commonly known?
What’s a creative name for a home teeth whitening business?
People of reddit if you get the power to go back and prevent one person's death. Who would you choose?
50-60 year olds, what questions do you have for 70-80+ about life, aging, etc.?
what is motivating you when you crushed in the bottom ?
If you could choose your own new cool name, what would it be?
Redditors who were in or who witnessed a shotgun wedding, what happened afterwards?
Who do you think was at fault in today’s race between Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton? Why do you think so?
Doctors of reddit, when did the most unlikely option turn out to be true?
What theme parks did you enjoy or enjoy going to?
What movie details did you notice only after watching more than once?
What are some simple yet major things that no one talks about?
How did you feel about your career choice after your university graduation?
What work-from-home jobs can you get without a degree that don’t involve phone calls?
What’s a gut feeling you’ve had that turned out to be true?
You are in a battle royale, with the entire city you live in and the last one standing (individual or family unit) wins. Your only weapon is the first thing you see when you look up. What is your weapon and how do you win?
PEOPLE OF REDDIT, what is the Most Entertaining Film Show Movie OR Series that you have ever watched?
If internet was never invented, what would you be doing right now?
People who met a fictional character IRL, how did it go?
What is the daftest thing you have ever heard of anyone believing in?
What is a game you thought had amazing graphics when you were a kid, but when you play as an adult you realize the graphics were trash?
What is the best part about your job?
Why should someone be fit?
Have you ever had to call CPS? What’s the story? [Serious]
What made up stuff did you believe in as a child, which now makes you laugh when you think about it?
If you have all the time in the world, what would you most excitedly learn?
To appease reddit gods you must throw a virgin into a volcano, which subreddit would look to find your sacrifice?
[Nsfw] massagers of reddit, what happens if your patient gets a boner?
At what point in the wedding did the bride turn into a bridezilla?
What is your illegal dream ?
Ring Around The Rosie was a nursery rhyme inspired by the bubonic plague, what will be the nursery rhyme that the COVID-19 pandemic inspires?
people that work in retail, what was your worst experience with a customer?
Reversing everything about a vehicle apart from the chassis, which one looks the best and has a practical driving experience?
Oh no! You find out that the last item has vanished and you can't find it! You decide to just buy a new one but you can't find it in any stores. You come to the conclusion that the certain item has disappeared! What was the item and how does it affect the world?
Dear redditors, when you want to show something on someone else's body side, do you mirror on yourself, or do you point the corresponding side of yourself?
Women of Reddit, what is one tiny detail (often overlooked or underestimated) that can completely change your first impression of a man for the better?
Restaurant workers, have you messed with somebody's food before and why?
What are two words when combined make the funniest phrase and why?
What would happen if a man's genitals were cut offbby a knife?
When was a time you changed your point of view?
What is your opinion on how or wether religion should be taught in schools?
What's the funniest story from your parents childhood that they've shared with you?
What time were you on fire until someone came and watched?
What are the 3 things that you always do immediately after waking up ?
At what age did you know everything your parents knew?
What is a sign of status in your country that visitors might not notice?
What is something that seems to surprise everyone, but really shouldn't?
What's your favourite story from your life that you enjoy telling people?
What's something people can live without but still feel like they need?
What’s something you do the opposite of everyone else?
You have 2 weeks to discover something new for 1000 BTC, what do you do?
What is your "Karma is a Bitch" Story?
When was the first time your mind was blown?
If you were a Sims expansion, what would your name be?
What is something that never seems to stop?
If you could ask one question to any person dead or alive, who would that be and what will that question be?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is strange thing your pet does that you've never seen anyone else's pet do?
What were you doing when 9/11 happened?
Americans of Reddit, if you could change the result of any presidential election in history, which one would you choose?
Hey Reddit, how are your knees?
In Order to prove your worth to your Alchemy teacher, you have to survive 1 month on an island, only being supplied with a knife. What is your first course of Action?
What do you remember about 7/11?
Have you seen Asian people who look like Europeans or vice versa?
How do you combat lack of motivation or depression?
What was your sus moment?
What secrets of your partner (husband / wife) did you learn after their death?
Why do you ghost ?
Older people of reddit, what's something you've experienced and thought you would never experience it again but did?
[Serious] Do you think that former US President George W Bush should be charged at the UN Court for War Crimes? Why or why not?
What’s something that you hope is as wholesome as you think it is?
Why you haven't watched "The social dilema" yet?
What’s the best way to start off your day?
What's the best short joke you remember that always makes you smile?
What are some sfw insults ?
Who are the best villains who don’t realize they are the villains?
Is it better to pursue a career that pays well over the long term, or pursue a career you are passionate for but may not be successful? And why?
What is the biggest mistake you stopped someone from making?
What's your favorite One Hit Wonder?
What made you stop being friends with people you thought would be in your life forever?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is the most disturbing thing you have seen?
What is something dumb your parents told you as a kid that even affected your adult life later on?
[Serious] What does it mean when Glovo app says "you reached the API limit" and how to fix it?
What is a “stray bullet” that you’ve caught during a situation you weren’t involved in?
PEOPLE OF REDDIT what is commonly believed to be true, that you think is false, and why?
If you could have any superpower, but it goes away whenever someone's watching, what would it be?
This is for the people who play f75. What is the hardest locations on the entire map?
If you could be a pro at one thing, what would it be?
What's something you want that doesn't actually exist?
What's the best unhealthy snack?
What's an everyday inconvenience that seemingly no one's fixed?
People whose initials are M.E, why are your initials M.E?
If you could add a new crayon color to the Crayola box, would color would it be and what would you name it?
IT tech support of Reddit, what was the dumbest thing you've had to explain to a customer?
What TV show had the *best* series finale?
People of Reddit, what sexuality flag is your favourite?
Vionic or New Balance and why?
What did you have today that will be remembered for a long time?
For those who absolutely /needed/ to write an idea down before you fell asleep... what was written down and what sense did you make of it in the morning?
what do you think of us South Koreans often saying “we better let USA have us as their 52nd state” when complaining about our government being incompetent?
What does money mean to you?
Male people of Reddit, how often do you notice girls in public places (i.e. school, mall, etc.) looking at you?
Who do you think the most evil person in any TV Show/Film?
When someone tells you to go to your “happy place” in your mind, where do you go?
If we end up colonizing another planet, what's something we should absolutely leave behind?
What is an app/product you want or need but isn’t real?
What is your biggest fear?
Muslims of Reddit that were in America during/directly after 9/11, What was your experience in the aftermath of the tragedy?
What are the signs someone has low self esteem?
What's something you never talk about?
To all the elementary teachers and lower, do you take it as a compliment when your student accidentally calls you mom or dad?
If we got rid of all the blue checkmarks from Twitter, would the site be better or worse? Why?
What do you do to make it feel like Fall is starting when it’s still warm outside?
What are things that you wish you had done before you turned 18?
Comic Book Shop owners, what are some tips for people who want to get in the business?
Dear developers of Reddit, why facebook doesn't rewrite its webapp on wasm or Golang to make it faster?
In 2021, How would a homophobic man act around someone that is part of the LGBTQIA community during this time compare to pre 2000's era? Is there a difference ?
If a zombie outbreak happened right now with no warning, where are you and what would you do?
What is something that hollywood/pop culture misrepresent about your country?
What's a last minute deal breaker when you're about to check out from a new e-commerce shop?
What’s the fondest memory that you have with your grandparents?
You’re on death row and instead of last meals they’re doing last movie, which movie are you watching before you die?
If you could go back in time and change and change just one regrettable decision that you wish you hadn't made what would it be ?
What's something that seems clean but it's not?
What’s something you can’t stand about your SO?
Voiceover artists and singers of Reddit, what tips can you give us for keeping our voices in tip top shape?
What’s something that you can’t get in the USA that you miss from home?
What's the worst thing that you can ask a stripper?
What life lesson do you learn from the game of chess ?
What would you feel if the main character confess his/or her love to her love interest after a long time of adventures between them only for the love interest to not feel a single hint of romantic feelings for them but only platonic feelings?
What have you done that most people probably haven't done?
How do you not worry and think about everything, even small things, things you do not have control or what could happen tomorrow?
The year is 2050. All the states in the U.S. are independent from one another, and they are all warring with each other for dominance. What state are you rooting for?
What’s your dream for yourself?
What’s the weirdest name you’ve heard someone introduce themselves with?
What is your best scary story?
What’s the best way to get over someone you like?
People who bought homes and opted not to have a home inspection done, how did that work out for you?
What’s the worst case of your siblings sucking up to your parents?
What’s something everyone is afraid to talk about but actually everyone wants to talk about it?
What is your favorite memory with a friend of the opposite sex?
People who have followed their hearts which lead to disastrous failure, do you still trust that instinct and why?
What are the answers to Alex Becker’s hints?
Think about your day, what made you curse today?
What expensive thing can you buy with 1 million of your country's currency?
Graduates of Reddit, what was the first thing you did after you graduated?
Doctors of Reddit, have you ever had to treat someone like a criminal or a murderer, and how did you feel?
people who take showers everyday but hate getting wet in the rain. why?
What’s the best bad movie?
What’s the last dream you had that felt so real?
What was the secret in your family that you didn't find out about until you were an adult?
What are some home remedies for combating nicotine cravings?
Ladies of Reddit: How obvious is it when men are deliberately trying not to look at you (such as staring at the ceiling, the floor, or anything in the complete opposite direction)?
If you combined you’re two favorite video games what would it look like?
Who's a musician that's actually a really good person?
Redditors who were initially skinny but gained a significant amount of weight, what changes did you notice physically, socially, etc?
What minor inconvenience would be an easy fix, but instead of the moderate effort to change, you just deal with it daily?
Where to start with Sigur Ros?
What did you saw in your relatives/friends house that you still can't forget?
No spoilers please! What's your favourite Netflix series and why?
What do you guys do to prepare your home for winter?
If you could be one superhero which one would you be? (Serious)
You meet a genie and get 3 wishes, but you aren't sure if this is the type of genie to twist your wish around into something bad... What do you wish for first to determine if the genie is genuine?
What’s an underrated country?
Confused between private message vs chat vs post comments? What is the etiquette on Reddit? When do you use one over the other?
Fast food chain workers, what is the weirdest encounter you have had with a customer?
What is a song lyric that you commonly remember incorrectly?
If you could be in any video game, novel, or film for a day, what would it be and why?
What have human beings contributed to life on Earth?
What got ruined because of one person?
What was the weirdest date you ever had?
A relationship in a closet or a relationship where everyone knows who you are and who are you dating?
What's the first thing you'd make everyone do if you became the dictator of your country?
Which fictional charecter or piece of media (book, movie, game) helped you through a struggling or dark time?
What movie was WAY too overhyped?
Who is one person so obviously desperate for attention and or money but no one sees it?
How did you meet your SO?
What's the most inappropriate thing you've seen or done in public?
Will social media ever go away and if so when?
What’s your favorite dad joke?
Women of Reddit, what kind of soap do you use on your lady area to keep it fresh for your lover(s)?
What are the things in your fridge right now?
What character is the most useless party member in an RPG?
question Are we biologically programmed? (example: self preservation). How could this information not make you feel out of control/ like a "slave" of you own body?
Parents of Reddit, if you named your kid(s) after where they were conceived, what would their name be?
How would your life be different if social media wasn't a thing?
What is the one thing in your life that you will always feel "I wish I could go back" about it?
What character do you believe was perfectly cast? They fit their role so well it's difficult to imagine someone else playing that character?
The world is suddenly a Broadway Musical, and you are a non-singing extra. How do you react to everyone around you breaking into song every 5 minutes?
What's a story that doesn't sit right with you?
What is one of your favourite struggles foods, other than packages ramen?
What’s the worst drug combo you’ve been on?
Dear men, do you cuddle after hooking up ,why and why not?
At what moment in your life did you become self aware of your own mortality?
Military Redditors, do you tip the server or bartender when other customers pay for your bill?
What was your favorite struggle meal growing up?
Europeans, what do you think about when you hear the word "America"?
What's the dirtiest thing you've done in church?
If you could get plastic surgery on only one place on your body, and for free, where would you have it?
How do hashtags help you on LinkedIn?
What was one of the dumbest things you’ve seen a co-worker do/say?
Which celebrity doesn't deserve their fame?
What story (urban myth, local legend, or conspiracy theory etc.) did you believe was fake, then later found out to be true?
What is your favourite feature of Instagram?
What did your friend do that made you realize they weren't who you thought they were?
In your opinion, what is the most toxic anime fandom?
How often do you post on LinkedIn?
What are the best toppings for a pizza?
What animated or rated G/PG film traumatized you as a child?
if you could go back in time and change a single event, what would you change?
In what situation can make you say "fuck"?
what is physical activity for you?
What happened when you were 1 day sick from school?
What is something in real life that needs to get nerfed?
What’s something your opinion of has changed completely?
What is the reason csgo players constantly switch through/check out thier weapons?
If you could attend any 3 concerts/festivals/live performances in history, what would they be?
What was the worst thing a you or another student said/did to your teacher/professor?
What's a non-social media website you frequently visit?
When voting in American elections, what is the single issue that you always care the most about?
Somebody holds you at gunpoint and says you tell the truth you get shot, if you lie you drown what do you say?
What is your favourite flavour of noodles to put inside you when you are hungry and in the mood for noodles?
What is your favourite ending to a movie?
Redditors who don’t have a lot of friends, what are the reasons for this and does it bother you?
What's on your bucket list?
What is the worst place to live?
Sisters, what is one thing your little/big sister has done to purposely hurt you? Have you forgiven them?
What's one thing you wish you could do, But cant for one reason or another?
what's your favorite avicii song 🔥🙏?
What is an interesting fact about you?
Non-Canadians of Reddit, what's something someone can say that indirectly screams "I'm a Canadian?"
What are the chances that Tobey is actually gonna be in NWH?
What part of your body hates you right now?
What are your thoughts on the current state of the USA?
What phase are you going through right now?
People who owned an original PS2 - what did you use the expansion port in the back for?
What song(s) do you hate because it was overplayed at your work?
If you could have a 30 minute conversation with anyone, alive or dead, who would it be and what would you want to talk about?
What are you even doing with your life?
What was the saddest non-human thing you’ve ever watched die?
What would you do if you know you will die in a week?
What’s something you can say/admit on the internet but not in real life?
Gamers of reddit. What's the greatest side quest you've ever experienced?
What it the worst thing you had to do due to a blackmail?
What time is it where you are and what are you currently doing?
How do you like your eggs?
How has the push for recreational marijuana changed your life? For the better, or for the worse?
What’s the best financial advice you’ve recieved?
What is your comfort food and why?
What’s a question you want to know the answer to but are to afraid to Google?
Who is your most favourite musician of all time and why?
What is the happiest day of your life like?
What do you truly believe happens after death?
What is the worst thing you have ever accidentally drank?
What is the creepiest thing that has happened to you in a relationship?
Who Was The Best Leader Your Country Ever Had?
What is your worst case of ordering too much of something accidentally, (work related or personally) ?
What's something that you know that will make others uncomfortable?
(Serious) What celebrity did you support/like, but turned out to be a bad person?
How old would you be if your age was flipped?
people of reddit, what is the best "yo mama" joke someone told you?
What is the one thing that annoys you the most about your significant other?
People who buy airplane tickets directly at the airport on the day they're flying, how much more expensive are they and where do you go?
Women what’s the difference between flirting and cock teasing?
You're stuck in a commercial airport for twenty-four hours with no cell service, poor wifi, and limited funds. There is a blizzard raging outside the windows, causing your flight to be delayed. How do you entertain yourself?
What was the weirdest experience in your life?
You get twenty minutes to hide in you’re house where do you hide?
The last fake item you bought now becomes real. Example: If you bought a death note notebook it is now a real death note. What do you have?
What is the worst information you know?
What’s the meaning of your name?
Hotel Workers, what are some free/affordable amenities or services most guests don’t know about?
If you had the power to fly how would you make money?
What's the weirdest food you put hot sauce on?
What’s you good news story about finding great sex when you are older? Is it possible to have great sex as a senior?
What show was ahead of it’s time?
What do you think about a person who answers YES to the question "Do you consider yourself a hero?"?
Which celebrities' prime moment in their career do you wish you were alive for?
Has anybody ever gone to jail in your school? If so, why?
Did you eat today? What did you eat?
What is your nonsexual fantasy?
What do you hate about the city or town where you currently live?
What are the subtle warning signs of job interviews that say: "working here sucks"?
WinRAR finally calls in all of their debts, how the hell do we raise the money to pay them?
What fictional character are you glad doesn't exist?
What is the best pizza topping combination?
What did the weird kid do that made them the popular kid?
When's the last time you checked in on your parents/had a conversation with them?
What is your fight song?
What is the weirdest/grossest thing you did as a kid?
Check-in: how are your emotional /mental and physical states doing ?
What are some disadvantages of immortality?
How do you eat your ice cream?
what is the goriest thing you ever seen in ur life?
What is the first video you remember watching on the internet?
What gives you goosebumps?
What is a popular food item that you have never had?
what did you do when you left school?
What’s an example of a real life hero?
What are some of the apps that guarantees 100% hookup ?
[Serious] You are randomly chosen to create one global law intended to have the greatest benefit to society, and which will actually be enforced. What would it be?
What do you hate in male-female friendships?
People of reddit who have intentionally made a child cry why and how?
Girls of reddit, which signs do most boys get every time vs signs most boys don't get (In case of Attraction)?
How has social media directly affected real life situations?
If we're living through the dark alternate future. What did the time travellers screw up?
Would you consider yourself a toxic person and which traits within yourself do you believe make you/don't make you toxic?
In what way have you helped a fellow human unconditionally?
What scene from a cartoon scarred you for life?
Who is the McDonald's shadow man?
What issue will you always speak your mind about?
What do you wish you spent more time doing 5 years ago?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve done that almost got someone killed?
You’ve got 8 hours to hide a giraffe from the government and if they don’t find it you win $1,000,000. Where do you hide it?
What 3 YouTube channels are you enjoying the most at the moment?
What’s a time when someone saved your life?
What did your parents get right?
How /r lounge is like?
To those who have applied for a job and been declined, what's the least convincing reason/excuse you've heard for not getting hired?
In a perfect world where you got exactly what you wanted, where would you want to love and what would your dream job be?
What was the most nostalgic Video you seen in a while?
Hey Reddit, what are the ways to spot your countrymen when you are traveling/in another country?
What’s a fun inside joke that we can start right here right now?
What's a question you should NEVER ask a woman?
What happened when you lied about something and the situatins turned really bad?
Knowing what we know about football and concussions, would you let your children play? Why or why not?
Whats a good documentary to watch?
If there were no consequences to any actions, what would be the first thing you’d do right now?
What’s the most afraid you have been in your life?
What are the best songs to listen to in the gym?
Question: What's the saddest thing you can remember about your childhood?
What is your sex Safe word ?
What song title best describe your life the past 2 years?
What could have been invented before its time and change the course of history?
What are your favourite pizza topping combinations that taste really good?
What's the greatest lesson you've learned from reading a book ?
What is your favorite 90-00s Superhero cartoon intro and why is it Marvels Spider-Man?
What’s been your best sweat ever in nfl DFS?
Who are you and how do you know you are real?
What's the best party you've been to?
If you could have any animal as a pet, which one would you choose?
What's the nastiest way to break up with someone?
How different is your online personality compared to real life?
What is the worst thing that happened when you were playing with you pet?
What fad or trend have you never been able to understand?
What’s the scariest thing about the future?
What is the most toxic tv show fan-base on Reddit?
Has there ever been an NFL game in which there was no recorded injury?
people of reddit, what is your experience of 9/11? And where were you?
Which is the best community on reddit?
You are on a desert island with 7 other people, you draw sticks for who must be eaten to survive. You have drawn the shortest stick, what do you do?
Why did you open this askreddit post?
If the 1920's were Roaring, what might the 2020's be considered in the future?
Have you ever had your life flash before you eyes? What are the memories your mind went over during that? Were they things you exoected to think about or were there unexpected things your mind went over?
What should be your first tinder msg to your match?
If your username is your career job, what would you be doing?
What is “learned incompetence”?
Check-in: Have you drank water today? How many cups?
What are good movies with bad Rotten Tomatoes scores?
Redditors, what is your worst nightmare that still haunts you to this day?
What's the most embarrassing thing a (wo)man can experience?
People who kissed a friend, not because you were attracted to them, but simply because you wanted to see how it'd go: how did it go?
What is your motivation for learning subjects in school that you dislike?
What is an underappreciated truth?
Who’s your favourite Celebrity couple?
AskReddit, why do you think the Reddit Video Player sucks so much and what can Reddit do to make it better?
People of Reddit, if someone came to you with a button to destroy everything on Earth, would you press it? Why/Why not?
People of reddit, if a war between the USA, CHINA, RUSSIA, ISRAEL, AND IRAN were to breakout right now how would it play out?
What is a slogan from one product/service that would go perfect with another, totally unrelated product/service?
At what point can you say youre good at something?
Blind people of Reddit, what do you dream?
What's an animal that Noah shouldn't have saved?
People who got out of depression, how many years did it took ?
what do you call an announcement voice-over?
What’s a movie or show everyone loves that you hate?
What does God look like?
Which song with a happy vibe do you always go back to?
What conversation you remember with complete stranger and why?
What’s a southern US food someone from the north would need to try?
[Serious] Which song has scary lyrics when you listen to it for a long time?
What cities actually have good/nice drivers?
Former atheists who became Christians, what would your advice be to a new Christian who occasionally stops believing?
If you were the discount version of Nostradamus, what do you predict would happen a hundred years from now?
What's a movie cliche that you actually like?
If you were given $1,000,000 that you could not spend on yourself, but has to use for others, what would you do?
What would you do if your dog ran off and came back with a human skull?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen at a customer’s house?
Hairdressers of Reddit,what’s your horror stories?
What was the strangest thing you have ever pet?
What single ingredient can ruin an entire meal for you?
Non-Americans… what is something in American culture that is so strange/abnormal for you?
How much does it cost to learn to fly?
Former presidents of the U.S. (all 5 of you) what’s a secret you can only tell because your pretending to be someone who’s pretending to be you?
You discover the weather app on your phone can change any aspect of the weather in any place at any time. What are you going to do with this power?
Everyone. What is your real name ?
What are your catfish horror stories?
You got 10 min to hide a soup can from a detective. If he doesn't find it you get $2,000,000. Where would you hide it?
what is something you wish you could "ctrl+alt+delete"?
Why so many Christians feel persecuted?
How do you differentiate yourself from the infinite versions of you in other universes?
What is “that incident” in your workplace?
you become the main character of the last movie you saw, what do you differently?
Redditors of Reddit, why do you do the thing that you do?
What's the dumbest thing you've heard someone say at the worst possible time?
What is the story about “that guy” in your workplace?
What is an anime you wasn't allowed to watch as a kid but still enjoyed?
Your friend wakes up from a 6 year long coma. Where do you even begin to fill them in?
What do you say or do when approached by a homeless person asking for money?
Whats your favourite song and your favourite music artist?
What do people think your first name is? What is your real first name?
You can be invisible, but just for 1 person at the time. What are you doing?
What is your theory or belief on supernatural creatures?
Married people of Reddit, What was the moment that made you wanna marry your spouse?
You smuggle a copy of "Pirates of the Caribbean" (and necessary equipment) back to 1890 to open the first movie theater. How do you advertise it? What would be the other movie for a double feature?
What is the best Malware/Just PC cleaner software out there?
If you could a have solution right now to a very unimportant problem, what would that be?
What is the longest time period, you have waited for a pay check to show up?
Have you ever gone viral on the internet? Memes, videos, pictures..ect..how did it make you feel ?
what's one thing you were forced to do but didn't hate doing?
How could urban areas be made more livable?
What’s a sign that a city was poorly planned or not really planned at all?
What is the worst us state other than Wisconsin or Alabama?
Vegans who shop, do you buy meat products for your non vegan family members, why/why not and if so do you feel guilty?
Which California industry is more powerful: Hollywood or Silicon Valley?
What happened in your life that scared the bejesus out of you?
What are some crazy things Covid-19 influenced people to do?
Who on this Earth scares you the most and why?
As an employee, do you answer calls from your place of employment on days outside of your availability? Why or why not?
Interviewers and Interviewees , what's your strangest experience?
which is better KZ - ZSN Pro X or KZ - ZST X ?
Reddit whats the best advice that you would give to a 17 year old?
Grammar police of Reddit, what's your biggest grammar error pet peeve?
What's the Greatest Sporting Moment you saw LIVE?
If you had the chance to date your ex again, would you or not? and why?
Whats the most boring teacher you have ever had?
Americans who moved to Canada after Trump Became president, what is the most notable differences for you? [SERIOUS]
What things probably won't exist in 20 years?
What is it like to serve 40+ years in solitary confinement?
You're forced to purchase 1 share of a non-meme stock, what is it?
What’s a job that you just associate with jerks?
What was the funniest moment of your life?
How can you kindly answer to someone that ask you what is your job (if you don’t want him to know it)?
What do you do the night bore your exam?
Former career criminals of reddit, have you ever been involved in a high profile murder and gotten away with it? What is the story?
Sexers of reddit? How good was your sex?
what’s the thing you regret the most ?
Which movie / TV character would you like to have sex with ?
You can shoot superman-style laser beams from your eyes once a year. What do you save it for?
What was the moment you stopped watching a good show?
whats a messy dish that tastes amazing?
What is the worst thing you can say at a funeral?
What is the most expensive mistake you have ever made at work?
What things in movies are complete BS in real life?
People who went or are going through a tough breakup, how did you manage it?
Redditors who we're alive during 9/11, whats your story?
Why are you putting off that thing you were meant to do 10 minutes ago?
How much power do you desire?
Why did you join reddit?
What is your favorite JRPG?
People of reddit that don't cook your own food, why do you not cook or want to cook even though it's cheaper?
If civilisation as we know it collapsed and was rediscovered in a thousand years, what artifacts risk being misinterpreted for their importance/use?
What is slang/vulgar term for penis in your language?
What's a real fact that sounds fake?
Taxi drivers, what crazy sh*t you saw or heard while driving your customers?
Women of Reddit, what are some of the things you would stop doing if it wasn't because society tells you to?
the boys who were ridiculed by their classmates because of their high voices in high school, how did you deal with the complex? what time did your voice break down?
What’s the most passive aggressive thing you do to really piss off your friends and family?
What's the most confusing question you heard before?
Whats the worst kind of questions asked on this sub?
What’s the little dip above and in the middle your top lip called?
Which movie had the best opening or closing credits?
What do you think happened to Natalie Wood?
People who wished to live in the US when they were kids, do you still have that dream?
Whats a good indication that someone spends WAY too much time on Reddit?
What is one thing you wish to see before you die?
whats your "OH F OH F I MESSED THIS UP" moment?
What’s the biggest “what have you fucking done” moment you’ve experienced?
What’s your favourite quote from a movie or book?
What is the top thing to do on your bucket list?
You have 24 hrs left to live, what are you doing?
What is something in school you did that you would change?
What is socially acceptable in your country that would be horrifying in any other country?
You win an unlimited supply of the second to last thing you bought, what are you using it for?
What’s your favorite loophole that no one seems to know about?
With today’s popularity of video games, comic books, Star Wars, and computers what are the new things that only geeks do?
How do you find the right psychologist?, How do you know which type should you choose?
Who would probably be the last person forgotten from the current living generation?
Will we ever memorialize Covid-19 like we do 9/11? If so, how?
If there weren’t phones or computers, where do you think you would use the time spent on those?
Redditors, what football team do you like?
How does work culture uniquely suck in your country?
Which company has the best mascot?
Whats your top 5 board game choices for a game night?
Which celebrities have famously gotten away with serious crimes?
You have 8 hours to spend 1 million dollars. What do you spend it on?
Women, if you were pregnant with a baby you know will grow up to be a serial killer who cures cancer, would you keep them or abort them? Why?
What specific things about using technology piss you off the most?
What is one thing you've said you'd never do but have since changed your mind on?
What is the most philosophical and thought provoking movie or documentary you’ve ever watched?
Coffee ppl, where is the best coffee you have had from?
How would you describe the human race to Aliens?
How do you get rid of hiccups?
what you gonna do when you suddenly feel yours friends change ?
You just accidentally spilt water on your laptop, what would you do?
How hard do you think it is to find a date?
What's a fun fact everybody should know?
What American stereotype(s) are you guilty of?
What is that one thing you'd like for humanity to invent in the next decade?
What is an anthology sequel?
Ant and Dec winning NTAs for 20th year in a row shows how there is no competition within TV?
What’s a small thing that you judge people about?
What song made your jaw drop the first time you heard it?
Americans who were born after or didn’t witness 9/11 what are your thoughts on it?
What is the greatest act of kindness you observed/experienced in your life?
[Serious] What's your 9/11 story or memory?
If you could design your own religion, what would be Rule #1?
What kind of man is most worth relying on?
How can you politely tell someone that they're ugly?
What resonates with you when you when you hear "Leadership is shown through actions"?
People of Reddit, what’s your funniest stories of being high at school?
Divorced people of Reddit, when did you realise your marriage was over?
Married folks of reddit, when did you realise your partner was the "one"?
What’s the most eloquent insult you can think of?
What are some good things about America?
What movie moments stand with you?
People of Reddit, what is the most painful thing that has ever happened to you (explain)?
[Serious] If you could say anything to the person that hurt you the most, what would you say?
Whats the one thing about your culture that everyone else finds weird?
What is your favorite piece of technology?
Waking up at 2 a.m , what sound you definitely do not want to hear ?
What’s the most insane fan fiction pairing you’ve ever seen?
What was an adult joke you’ve seen in a cartoon as a kid, but didn’t understand till years later?
What movie did you initially dislike but grew to love?
How would your life be different if you had claws instead of nails?
Which A-list celebrity could go unnoticed when out in public, and why?
What is your favorite tactics video game?
If you were a Batman villain, what’s your sinister backstory?
Have you ever lied with nothing to be gained or lost other than simply not telling the truth? What was it about?
People of Reddit, what is the person who got all straight A+ in your school doing now?
If you can live your life like a movie, which one would you choose?
What’s the dumbest thing you ever saw someone do in school?
You have 3 days to completely vanish, whats your strategy?
What was the lowest point in your life?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If life was a video game, what would the next patch look like?
What is the worst haircut you have ever gotten?
[Serious] People from New York who experienced 9/11, what was the city like the day after the attacks?
Which living being do you hate the most (besides humans)?
Who is the most underrated sports player?
What would be your B tier superpower? Example... House is always clean, First parking spot always available when you arrive, Drive through is always empty when you show up, Cloths always fit, Your pillow is always cold, Lawn is always pristine .. ?
At what point do you personally consider summer to be over?
If you had one wish that could change the world, what would it be?
What does selling your soul to the devil look like?
What’s your treasure that was another’s one’s trash?
What would you do if you had everything… and felt like you had nothing?
How do you improve yourself, knowing you got ego problems?
Who has disrespected you in a way no one has ever dared to?
What’s the most unimaginable thing you can imagine?
What Life Lesson You Learned As A Kid That Now You Are Strict On Your Kids About?
Which country has the best culture?
[SERIOUS] How did you learn to start loving yourself? What steps did you take?
you can permanently get rid of any profession in the world to cause chaos, what job are you deleting?
What's the craziest thing that could possibly be hidden in the ocean?
what activitiey do you want to do most once covid is over?
How do you make friends as an adult especially during a pandemic?
What's an "Only in America" moment?
Whats the ugliest animal in your opinion?
If you got turned into a frog, how would you prove you're human?
Where did you go on your first ever date?
What is the greatest music album of all time?
If you had to say become a genius to overthrow your government and become a dictator, what would ya do ?
What are you doing currently?
What are some things other people do wrong commonly that makes you want to scream at them?
What's the most messed up dream you've ever experienced?
What hyped up food turned out to be very disappointing?
Who is your favorite Hip Hop/RnB artist?
What is your weird talent?
What was the most boring thing you did?
What ever happened to the animal kin people?
Where would you love to live, and why?
What places do people think are the cleanest but are actually dirty?
Name a movie, show, or video game that people didn't know it was inspired by a true story?
What's the process of a Options contract? Like, how is a contract created? Who creates the option and what is that kind of trade called? When the contract is "sold to close" Who are you selling it to? Are you selling the contract to another person buying it as a contract or buying it as shares?
What are your biggest pet peeves?
Heterosexual men of Reddit, who are the actors that can make you doubt about your sexual orientation??
What’s the best name for the next COVID variant?
What is a word that you like to pronounce but doesn't get enough love?
Midwives and obstetricians: what’s the most insane thing you’ve witnessed in the birthing suite, whether it be medical, relationship-wise or criminal?
How do you overcome procrastination?
What job do you have and what is the policy for using your cellphone?
What is the most amazing display of talent that you have ever seen?
What’s something most people like but you don’t understand?
What is the worse smell you have ever smelt?
Your first name is your favourite color. Your last name is the last thing you ate. What is your name?
D&D players of Reddit, what is your best, “that went from 0 to 100 real fast”, moment?
No matter how short or tall a Dog is there feet always reach the floor , What branch of science does this come under ?
What is your favorite scent?
What is something you hate that everyone else seems to love?
What's the dumbest thing you have masterbated to?
Currently, what is your favorite insult?
You wake up as a U.S. Senator, what will you do now?
To the people who were in New York city on 9/11, What are some of your most vivid memories of that day and the days that followed?
[SERIOUS] ]What is something you wanted to do so bad but didn't do due to consequences or doubt?
Which movie needs a sequel but never got it yet?
Assuming the sea levels will rise high enough to cover half the Statue of Liberty, how do you think humanity will survive?
What is the weird thing your body can do?
What’s the weirdest or funniest thing you’re pet has done?
People of reddit, what happened to that one guy in your school who was told by the teachers that they will never succeed in life?
You've been picked Vice President from a Republican President and he wins, what will you do when in office?
What is the first thing you do awaking in the morning?
Parents of Reddit, how have you overcome a toddler that refuses to eat pretty much anything other than chicken nuggets??
If you could punch anyone in the face without consequence, who would you punch?
What's your stance in corporal punishment on children?
What’s the best subreddit to piss people off on?
What group of people do you distrust the most?
What is the most valuable thing you’ve ever kept in a storage locker?
What would be the song title of your relationship?
What is the weirdest fake scenario that you made up in your mind?
What's a lie your parents told you to scare you?
how do custom subtitles work on youtube and how to add subtitles to the video?
what's your worst attention seeker story?
Your friends found out you murdered your gf’s ex and threaten to tell the cops, how do you explain yourself?
If you were to stumble upon a time machine, and you could use it only once for a to and fro journey into the past/future, what year would you like to go to, and what would you have done there?
How do you answer the 'what is/are your weakness (es)'?
What Would you rather be able to do, freeze time or travel in time and why?
Evolutionary Biologists of Reddit- If the ingredients of life are simple- Energy, molecules, and liquid water, then do we have new life forming on earth every time? Why is it that's molecules combine only to form specific sequence of proteins only. Is morphic field real?
What is the cringiest fanbase you have ever seen?
You get to meet the last famous person you looked up. Who is it, and are you happy with who you got?
What is your true story that no one believes?
What was the “poop” story at your school?
What funny or awkward stories do you have about a weird classmate or co-worker?
What was a time when someone was so good at something it got annoying?
When Was the Movie Better Than the Book?
What would go horribly wrong if it was off by .1 percent?
How do you bullshit your way out of something you don't want to do?
People of reddit, what content do you watch on YouTube that just makes you forget time?
people of reddit who have had a parent abandon them when they were a child...have they ever tried to reach out to you later in life to reconnect? If so, how did it go?
What was your, "Then everyone clapped," moment?
What did you consider cool as a kid but now consider tacky as an adult?
What are your thoughts on Mario Sunshine?
You wake up and realize you are invisible. Not knowing how long it will last what do you do with your new power?
If you can re-experience any situation in your life, which one would you choose?
What is the most fucked up sentence you have ever heard someone say?
What's a movie quote that you can also say during sex?
If Professor X can move things with his mind, why can't he move his legs?
what did you do that made you feel super old and how old were you?
If you wrote a song about your life, what would the first line be?
For those who have been robbed at gunpoint, but refused to give up anything, how did you survive? And why did you risk your life in doing so?
How do you keep your sanity when you live in a antimask/vaccine area?
What do you do for a living? And for how long?
What store bought food traumatized you?
What are small things people have done to you that you'll never forget?
What's the law/rule in your country that a foreigner might not know and be in trouble for?
what is your favorite curse word?
At what age did you realize your childhood ended and was there a specific moment?
What does music mean to you?
What's something you've wanted to ask the older generations but too afraid to ask them? [Serious]
What are your favorite hobby and why do you enjoy it?
What happens if you just touch a car from behind on the highway?
What's something you've wanted to ask the younger generations but too afraid to ask them? [Serious]
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever seen that made you almost throw up?
Have you had strange or nostalgic feelings when seeing certain scenarios in your life? Something like a past life. If so, what can you tell us about it?
What reason do you people who not like candy corn, not like candy corn?
Dear redditors, which online trends do you think will rise in the next years?
Which new common slangs, if introduced to earlier generations decades ago, would never catch on?
What do folks say when they gossip about you?
How have you used your size to your advantage?
What’s a simple daily chore/task that everyone does, but you forget to do a lot?
Based on looks/body, what are the key features you find intriguing in a man?
Non-white people on Reddit, what do you consider the most 'white people thing'?
What's your dream game?
Escorts of Reddit, how are you getting through the pandemic?
What is the reason behind putting the toilet seat down?
What would somebody do online that they would never do in person?
You are a mad scientist with a quest to kill mankind by plaguing it with a very easily curable disease. What is your disease called, and how does it work?
Whats your favorite crypto?
The world’s doctors announce the real mental health disorder isn’t depression, it’s people who are too happy. How does this change the world?
Whats your favorite company?
What are the books or videos to read/watch to learn about world wars in depth?
Whats your favorite brand name?
What is your stance on walking in the house/apartment with shoes on?
How long is a 'long drive?
What are some occupations in which formal education is actually just as or more important than on-the-job experience?
Whats your favorite food ever?
Which fictional villain do you hate the most and why?
Why are you unhappy?
Which movie changed your life and how?
What Well Known Books could be Pornos without changing the titles?
Multi level marketing consultants, why do you do it?
What’s a commonly loved ship that you just can’t stand, and why?
If you could sit across the table from a multi-million/billion dollar business owner, what would you say or ask?
What was the biggest coincidence you've ever experienced?
How has your school been affected by "devious licks"?
What was considered to be acceptable 20 years ago but not today?
Whats your favorite flavor chicken wing?
What movies or TV shows should get a what if anthology series what would the episodes be called?
What's one bite of a meal so delicious that made you cry from just how good it was?
People who smear shit on the wall in toilets, what is your thought process and story?
What is your country the best at?
What is your most clever one-liner or comeback that no one was around to hear?
What are the most useful websites that you know?
What's a gift that can never go wrong for a girl in her young 20's with a budget of $40-50?
What is the best argument starting phrase, political crap advise?
What’s the funniest way you’ve ever broken the law?
What's the worst thing that can happen to you for trying to save a few dollars?
What is your view on China's CCP ?
What screams "I am secure with who I am?"
How did Voldemort die from a stunning spell?
If you could change the world, what would you change first?
Who do you think is the most creative youtuber ?
What's something you feel that you have a lifetime supply of right now?
What piece of technology really impressed you?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
If God designated "the forbidden slap" what would he ban from being slapped?
What is that ONE food that you never get enough of?
People of Reddit, what’s the dumbest excuse someone has given you for cheating?
whats your job atm?
how far have you gone into the rabbit hole?
Which commercial had the opposite effect on you, making you want to avoid the product instead?
How long have you been single?
Who is sexiest? Anime girls/guys or real girls/guys?
What are you doing?
How do you go about filling an "emptiness" in your life that can't be filled?
What's the weirdest time you've seen someone staring at their phone?
What will be useless in 20 years ?
People of reddit what is the entitled behaviour you seen?
What do you think about a "college town party band exchange program" (CTPBEP for short)?
Who would win in a fight, Stewart Little or Ralph S. Mouse?
Dear people of Reddit, what criminal / serial killer is from your hometown & what was your experience?
People of Reddit, What Movie is an All Time Classic Everyone Should See?
What’s your favorite variation of “are you kidding me?” ?
People who are diagnosed with a life changing disorder/illness, what’s your story?
[NSFW] Why do some women pee(squirt) during sex, does it feel good?
Bisexual Women’s of Reddit who dating with men. Why not women?
Which body part of a man turns on a woman sexually?
What fears have you overcome and how?
If circumstances required you to be banished from your current city or town. What next best city or town would you move to?
What song completely defined your high-school experience?
What is your least favourite ice cream flavour ?
Redditors, what happened in your country that made you want to move?
What is a lie that you tell yourself, or others, everyday?
What would you ask a 25 year old who weighs 800lbs?
What dishes will you always order if you see them on a restaurant menu?
People who regret their college major, what did you do about it?
What does a raspy voice sound like? And what determines if someone has one?
What is the one phrase that isn't rude but makes you mad every time you hear it?
In what area of your life, are you in the most need of advice?
How do you feel about the new President of Cuba Miguel Díaz-Canel?
What is your favorite carvel product?
Who can you see an album about next year?
What is something you don't realise you have until you lose it?
What would you do if you had an infestation but the bugs payed rent?
How did Bruce Wayne amass his Fortune?
Reddit how do you deal with life after university/college?
How is the world going to look like in 10 years time?
What is a very popular movie franchise what you don’t like?
(Serious) Wheel of Fortune contestants of Reddit.... what did you talk about with Pat and Vanna during the credits?
What are your favourite album covers?
What do you like to do when your bored?
How do you make effective notes?
Pet owners of reddit what is a trick you use to get someone to not be scared of your pet. Doesn’t matter if it’s specific to that animal or not just what did you do?
those of you who have sent unsolicited dick pics--why?
What is the best way to consume potatoes?
What does "forgor 💀" mean?
What are you currently saving for?
What's the best food you've ever had?
what was your secret hiding spot for things you didn’t want your parents to see as a child?
Former inmates of Reddit. How is prison different to how we think prison is?
If your body was a city, how would look like?
What do you think or know: do cows get seasick and if they do, does it affect their milk production a lot?
Redditors who are currently on the toilet, what you thinking?
[Serious] What is your hometown’s most notorious crime, scandal, or tragedy?
People who have tried edible underwear how did it turn out? Was it good tasting and experiance?
What is the most versatile, modern infantry/foot soldier unit?
How would you invest 100k wisely?
Philosophy students, why did you choose to study philosophy?
What are the best mixed drinks with tequila?
What do you still remember learning from school?
What is the best video game of all time?
What are the three most '90s songs ever?
Whats the worst sequels in movies or games?
What's your favorite dad joke?
What are some fun things to do with your family?
If your daily commute to work is over 30 minutes away, is it worth it? If so, why?
What is the most unbelievable thing that has happened to you?
What should we film for YouTube?
How did you react when Alfred Molina showed up in the No Way Home trailer?
When did you know you were going to marry your wife?
You are assigned to redesign your country's flag, how will you do it?
What if you give a wonderful first impression and make friends but never chat them casually?
What is the best science discipline?
People that have been featured on the news or in the newspaper, what did you do?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most absurd thing you have found on your kids' social media?
Don’t lie, why do you like Tik Tok so much?
What is something non-sexual you experienced that you still remember what it was like to experience it the first time?
What are some highly addictive tv shows?
What feels like a high but does not involve drugs?
What is your favorite movie? Why?
What is a movie or movies that you saw as a kid that scarred you for life?
What movie/series was better than the book version of it?
What is your favorite book? Why?
What’s the best way to turn a bad day into a good day?
Who are the best authors of all time?
How do we sleep while our beds are burning?
How do you feel about AOC?
When was the last time you received a compliment?
Court Reporters, what is the craziest thing you've heard in court that you had to record?
What are some of the best productivity hacks?
What is an appropriate age gap to have in a relationship?
What do you believe is more important the letter of the law, or the spirit of the law?
What is better a soft or hard cookie?
What is feudalism and its principals and branches?
[Serious] Non-violent psychopaths of Reddit, what/who is something you genuinely care about?
What is a weird song that you listen to unironically?
What’s your favorite dinosaur and why?
What foods stay best when reheated in the microwave?
If you could impose one worldwide law, what would you choose?
you have an hour to hide a TV from the FBI (doesn't matter what TV it is). You receive 10 million dollars if they don't find it. Where would you hide it?
What is your non-standard "essential need" and why?
How’s 2021 so far for you guys?
Without selecting month by month memories, what is the fastest way to save snapchat photos to gallery?
asking for a friend, men who have used penis enlargement products, do any of them work?
What is the meaning of your username?
What drug made you trip so bad you swore you would never try again? And what happened?
What do you regret the most in life?
Whats on your mind right now?
What phase did you or are going through because of a class or school in general?
What was one thing you were fascinated with when you were younger?
What book have you read that you wish was created into a motion picture?
What are your thoughts on the Latex Fetish?
Hey Reddit, how often do you clean your room?
Weebs of Reddit, what anime can you not stand and why?
What's the last thing that made you say "it's a small world"?
how would you describe a subreddit in the most insulting way possible?
What has been the biggest complete change in the last decade?
What are pieces of advice you wish you had known earlier?
Anime fans of reddit. What is this feeling when you see a trap in an anime?
Pessimists of reddit, what are you optimistic about?
What is your favorite Bible quote?
Siblings/children of murderers - what was life like growing up with your sibling/parent before they committed murder?
Serious question: Do those who voted for Joe Biden feel like they were lied to and why?
What is your scariest near death experience?
What would you do if you had an obsessive lover?
What is worth eating at Disneyland?
What job would you be in if you'd followed your childhood dream?
Women of Reddit, would you trust your male companion to have taken a male contraceptive pill if it was readily available and they said they had? Why/Why not?
What is the most sickening thing you have ever saw in person?
Of what game do you have the best memories?
What lovey-dovey language do you use with your partner that you'd never want others to hear?
All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong?
Which US state is the most welcoming to the immigrants?
What are issues that matter to you in your country but are lesser known or does not get enough spotlight?
If you could pick, how do you wanna die?
What subscriptions would you say are 100% worth the money, and why?
If you were to accidently find half a dozen human skulls with holes in their foreheads and their teeth placed neatly next to them in your grandma's basement, what would be your first course of action?
How has this presidency been better than the previous one?
What is outdated and needs improvement in your opinion?
What do you love most about yourself?
What album has no skips that everyone should listen to at least once?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be?
stupid question but how comes that modern telescopes are able to see other galaxies but aren’t able to see some parts of our own galaxy or to see other planets any closer than now?
What overlooked part of history do you think is the most important to not forget and learn from (things like the English bloody code)?
What's a fun experience you can have for under $30?
People who had to choose between two people, who did you choose and why?
While watching a movie, you are served all of the food that the characters eat in the film. What movie do you pick?
What is a stupid rumour about you/someone that turned out to be true?
What is an interesting fact about you, that no one believes it to be truth?
If you could meet your favorite actor/actress, what would you say to them?
Parents who complain to their children about what a terrible spouse their other parent is: What exactly do you expect your children to do about it?
how can someone want to be with you, but not be loyal towards you?
Which decade of your life has been your favourite? Was it the decade you were born? Or the one after, when you were a child?
People who loosed someone when being under 14, how did you feel?
What does nobody tell you about relationships?
if you win 1 million dollars how would you spend it?
What energy resources are found above the Earth’s surface and inside the Earth's surface?
[Serious] Why don’t you donate to Wikipedia?
Biggest weird phobia/fear any why?
What's worth losing your sleep over?
What is the weirdest encounter you have experienced?
What's a podcast you listen to regularly?
When was the very first time you realized someone was lying to you?
Should trans female MMA fighters be allowed to fight other women? Why or why not?
Are gender roles necessary, why or why not?
What is the most 1980's thing ever?
Men of reddit. Being part of a threesome or cuckold, what percentage can you say you are in terms of being gay?
If you could rewrite history by doing something what would you do?
If you were stranded on an island with your best friend, which of you would probably snap first?
What is your favorite TV show that everybody hates but you love it?
What is something silly that you or your friends have said or done?
What's a "life hack" that you thought was stupid but it actually works?
In an ideal dream, where would you like to die?
What is a good trait of a specific society?
People who can take the seal off a peanut butter jar in one piece, what does wielding that kind of power feel like?
What never fails to make you cringe?
How do you define racism?
Men of reddit, what's the worst time you got a boner?
What's a creepiest thing you've seen a kid do?
How are you today?
What is your favorite song about someone who wanted to be a rock star, so they played and played until they got really good and then became a famous musician?
Does a priest have to tell the police if they confess a crime to them? Has there been cases where priests have been punished for not telling someone?
If you could tell your past self something what would you tell them?
Non Americans of reddit, what is the most shocking thing you’ve learnt about the U.S?
What is a quote that you will never forget?
What is the worst rapper name you've ever heard?
What would y'all consider the perfect date?
What are soldiers' coping mechanisms to deal with their comrades' death?
If you could live in an anime, which one would it be and why?
What would y'all consider the perfect evening?
Are 100% deaf people susceptible to pain from extremely loud noises? Example if you blasted an air horn an inch away from a deaf persons ear would they feel pain even if they don’t hear the sound? Similarly if someone who is completely blind stares into the sun would they experience any pain?
Rick Astley has a sequel to the song "Never Gonna Give You Up" called "Giving Up On Love." What does this say about our society?
What was your Kobayashi Maru Situation?
(Serious) Why did you drop out of school and was it worth it?
Peeps of reddit, how would your life be if Depression never existed?
what is like living with parents ,leaving parents and again will living with parents ?
[Serious] Looking back through history, who do you think had the most interesting, legitimate first-time-ever experience?
What do you dislike about WingsofRedemption?
Women who Squirt-How do you prep for sexy times? [Serious]
Who is the most overrated celebrity? Why do you think he is so overrated?
Is there an app/website that allows you to change words in a song, using the artists voice? Why or why not?
What Is Your Go To Foreplay?
What is something you're genuinely surprised isn't popular anymore?
Which main character is a piece of shit?
What do you find difficult that others find easy/vice versa?
Straight guys : Why do you think some gay guys are just attracted to you and prefer you?
What is the most popular hobby in southern California?
What happens when we die?
What's the worst case of keeping up with the Joneses you have seen?
What are some simple ways for someone who doesn't drink (or know anything about alcohol) to incorporate alcohol moderately and inexpensively into their diet for the health benefits?
What is one thing about a stranger that if you notice about them indicates a high chance you’ll become good friends?
What song changed your life?
What is the cost and expenditure for an MS in Germany?
What is the most beautiful penis in the world?
What events have changed our world?
Mad people of Reddit, why are you so mad?
How did you get to the front page of Reddit?
What did you hate the most about the lockdowns?
What would happen if Sheild was a real organization, and people with super powers where really living amongst us?
What's the best Urban Dictionary definition that you've ever read?
What movie situations happened to you in real life?
What was your favorite part about the lockdowns?
If all animals were normalised to the same size, say 50kg, which would reign supreme in a tournament to the death and why?
People who speak a language that most of the people think sounds cool, how does it sound to yourself as a native speaker?
What's a lukewarm take?
Digital nomads of Reddit, what country are you still trapped in because of covid?
Whom of history would you like to spend the night with and why?
What’s the weirdest thing that you have experienced in your life?
What's your, "This ain't no party, this ain't no disco, this ain't no fooling around," moment?
What are some cool psychology tricks you know?
You’re a succesful Reddit influencer: what are you promoting?
People who gave their ex spouse another chance, how did it turn out?
What are the worst things you can be allergic to? Why are they so bad?
If you were the only person to know that the world's ending tomorrow, what's the first thing you would do ?
Redditers, how can one totally stop attraction for the opposite sex? And is it possible?
What cartoon character would be the hardest to beat up?
What is holding you back from being the person you want to be?
What are your top three biggest pet peeves?
how old are you ? and what's the age gap with your So ?
What is a common object or activity that feels old-timey for some reason?
What TV show was canceled for the wrong reasons ?
What is the cuckest thing you’ve done for a crush?
Why did life on Earth evolve to need oxygen and not nitrogen, when the atmosphere contains a lot more nitrogen than oxygen?
Is it "soda" or "pop" whatever the answer what region are you from?
What’s the weirdest thing you have memorized?
[Serious] How do you stand working monotonous eight hour shifts?
What seemed like a relatively normal video game, but it suddenly turned weird?
(Serious) It seems like every week some new horrible thing is happening in the world that demands our attention. When was the last time you remember things being "normal", and what was the turning point?
what are your favourite movies of all time?
What single event in history could have prevented America’s decline?
You know in series, movies and stuff, people say after they steal, commit a crime, move out of the country, live in Indonesia, Venezuela etc. Do you know any real life experience of it happening to someone? How's their life really like?
What Movie are you willing to beg someone to watch it?
What was the moment that you realized that you were not as smart as you thought you were?
Hey nurses, how's things going as summer is dying down?
What's your favorite Norm Macdonald joke?
If you could put a spell on someone who would it be a why?
What yall talking about in your dms everyday?
Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher?
What age were you when you worked out what you wanted to do with your life?
What is the best mistake you ever made?
People who have got over depression, how did you do it?
What are the roles and responsibilities of each person in a car during a road trip?
Biology teachers of Reddit, when teaching blood types and genetics, what's the most family drama you've caused?
RETAIL: Have you ever been stuck as the only active cashier in the store? How often? What were your experiences in it? Were you compensated at all?
What songs would make for a great Halloween dance party for adults?
How do you feel about Crypto?
If your partner has to be from different country of origin than yours, what country would it be and why?
Obese Americans, if 1 in 1000 are dying from obesity, what will it take to change your mind to start taking care of your health?
What are you allergic too?
What collection of letters appears that it *should* be a word but it’s just gibberish?
What is the most unnecessary thing you ever bought? Do you regret it and why did you buy it?
What’s a promise that you made to yourself and have you kept that promise up so far?
What was the weirdest thing that you have seen on a road trip?
People who can read lips. What are couples screaming about in music videos?
Could use a break from doom scrolling. What are your favorite subreddits?
What question couldn't you ask due to the rules of the community?
What’s the most interesting thing you learned in class?
What cover song is better than the original?
If there is an accident, what superpowers will the Inspiration4 astronauts each get?
What is that DMB song that starts with that famous sax riff?
Everyone hates a meme. Which meme do you hate?
What's your favorite season and why is it fall?
What's the most frustrating part about your job?
IT workers of Reddit, what is the most enraging and idiotic thing a non-techie has told you?
How corrupt your country is?
What is the most professional fruit?
What's up with all the Florida Man Reddit posts?
Active Redditors, what's one thing you love and one thing you hate about Reddit?
Which series/movie ending made you choke up?
People who had “disruptive to class” or “talkative” notes in their report card, where are you now in life?
What’s one thing you wish you could say to your friend / partner / husband / wife / family member but can’t because it would hurt their feelings?
What’s something you’ve changed your mind about that you thought you never would?
What are some things you need when you first bought a home that never occurred to you before?
What song can you just not stand listening to for more than 1 second?
What animal has the biggest staring problem?
What's considered to be sexual harassment (since there's often a thin line)?
Former Joe Rogan fans, what was the final straw?
People of Reddit what are your thoughts on middle eastern food such as shawarma?
You have been granted the powers of God for 1 day (24 hours), in that time what will you do?
What is your favorite type of alcohol?
what are some awesome movie suggestions that most people may have missed ?
What is your favorite beer style?
Before Play Station and Xbox, videogames were considered just for children. Before the MCU, superheroes were considered just for geeks. What other things could poetentually break into the mainstream in the near future?
What do you do when you're in a debate and you know you're losing, without any valid points in mind?
What’s the most convenient hobby?
What is the wildest experience you've had on psilocybin?
In what circumstances is it OK to, Metaphorically “judge a book by its cover”?
How do you feel when restaurants don't list food item ingredients? If menu only read "Chicken Burrito" how would you feel?
Which link do you trick people into clicking on most, as an alternative to rickrolling?
Mates of Reddit, was there an instance where you were 100% sure that you saw someone who vanished into thin air in a second?
What traumatized you in your childhood?
What is the worst customer support you’ve ever experienced?
What would be the best place to be when a zombie apocalypse happens. Where, When and why?
What is something that seems supernatural but actually had very simple explanation?
Whats a fact people dance around?
Whats a good way to brighten up a bad day?
Grammar freaks of Reddit: How often do you want to comment with spelling corrections on other people's posts?
How lonely are you? Why do you feel this way?
Non car people, what questions do you have for car people?
Who was the worst school bully you've ever had to deal with?
What do you secretly do just in case you have super powers?
How can you forgive and let go?
What is the name of the subreddit where they post weird and obscure sentences that have been posted for the first time?
What’s the oldest memory of the internet you have?
What was the best compliment you have ever received?
What is it like to have a gf?
There is a crow sitting on a bough. What do you have to do to saw off the branch without disturbing the crow?
Males of Reddit, what is the worst way your balls were struck?
What was the moment you realized that life had passed you by?
What's something that your parents did that cemented them as asshoels in your mind?
Car people, what questions do you get asked by non car people that you think everyone should know?
What smell reminds you of a place or person?
Have you ever taken on any food challenges? If so, what was it and did you succeed?
What is the most ridiculous example of "hustle" or "rise and grind" culture you've seen?
What do humans absolutely suck at that other animals are great at?
What character form a movie/video game describes your room best?
Women of Reddit, how did you refine yourself/ glow up?
Non car people, what’s your favourite car and why?
What do you enjoy about sex?
What is the most advanced piece of human technology?
Non car people, what do you think of car people?
What off brand foods are better than the name brand foods in your opinion?
Redditors who work in computer sales and/or repair, how do you deal with the fact that your customers are most likely getting intimate with your product?
What’s the most common excuse you make up to get out of a scenario you don’t want to be in?
If you could bring any single item from a game into the real world, what would it be and why?
What’s the hardest pill to swallow about relationships?
What will people in the future romanticize about our time?
What is the female equivalent to having a big car to compensate for a small penis?
What idea everyone thought would flaw but turned out big?
Who should be able to own land, should you be able to inherit it, and should there be a limit to the amount you can own?
What movie made you ugly cry?
Who is your favorite MCU one scene wonder (No Stan Lee)?
What phrase or tip changed the way you see everything completely?
What's an unconventional but good way to make money?
What do you think of political shitposts?
What makes you special?
What are the red hands that are on windows and cars for?
What do you think about to pass the time at work?
Wealthy young people, how did you achieve the position you are in right now?
What makes TikTok hate men so much?
What was the last song that got stuck in your head?
What's your favorite candy bar?
Humans spend approximately 1/3 of their life asleep. You are offered the option to never have to sleep again or feel tired, but your lifespan is diminished by 1/3. Would you accept, why or why not?
People who dislike non-controversial youtube videos that do what the title says, why do you do it?
How are all of your days going so far?
Ex-vaper's of Reddit - How was quitting? What benefits surprised you?
You attend an election in a jungle where you have to elect an animal as the new jungle leader. Which animal do you choose and why?
When did you realise you had outgrown friends or family members?
What’s your most clever/imaginative insult?
Which anime MC could survive the longest
Redditors who've worked or stayed in Insane Asylums/Mental hospitals, what was your most disturbing experience? [Serious]
You have just received the ability to walk through walls, how long would it take for you to find out?
What’s the thing you wish the opposite gender would stop doing?
how do you tackle your laziness?
Which meals are great hot or cold, but bad at room temperature?
What’s the craziest, funniest, or saddest thing you’ve overheard?
How do you find friends in a new city?
What are some of the the old ways you miss that you wish was present now ?
If you could take 3 fictional characters and make them fight each other, who would you choose and who would win?
What are some alternative words to use in Fuck, Marry, Kill?
What is something you did that you thought was normal until someone saw you do it?
Answering in only the names of subreddits, what was the last thing you did?
When were you the bullet to be dodged in dating or relationships, and what did you do?
People of Reddit what is better cookies or brownies?
What's your happiest memory with your grandparents?
What is one fast food item that is discontinued that you wish was brought back permanently?
People who walk without swinging their arms
If every video game in existence was going to be erased, and you could only save those starting with a specific letter, which games do you save?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
Have you ever helped (been helped by) your sibling(s) to hook up with someone? Why or why not?
What is your favorite online store to look for/buy (cheap if possible) art for your house?
People who lied on their resume and still got the job, how's your Career going?
What corporation is the example of a "good" corporation?
What's a good name for an eye care office that would also be related to a buildings investing office?
Elon musk said :“when something is important enough , you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.”what’s a real life example of this?
What is THE BEST chocolate?
Why are you using iPhone?
What would a summary in a few words of major historical events be?
What's a simple alternative to MS Paint - Paint.net to draw small pointers, write text and circle stuff for web and video tutorials?
Who is that one musician that you wish have never existed ?
What is the dumbest thing you have done today?
Which commercials/ads have made you LESS likely to buy the product?
What cancelled tv show do you think should be revived for one last final season?
You are stuck on a deserted island and have a note, pen, and a bottle, but the pen only has enough ink left to write exactly 30 characters, what do you write on the note?
[SERIOUS] What caused your long term (5+ year) relationship to end?
Donald Trump won the presidency in 2024. What is going to happen?
Who is the biggest Dick Head in the music industry?
What video game, do you think, would've been better as a movie or a novel?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done?
How do you handle bad bathroom smells in a relationship?
What person in all of world history is the most overrated?
If there is one only song that you could listen to for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Your last nightmare came true. How screwed are you?
When did you realise that your elementary School teacher hated you?
Has a debate ever, on which your opinion was solidified, changed your mind? If so, what was the topic of discussion and how did they change your opinion?
Redditors who post a thread and then respond to your own question, why do you do it?
What was your most physically painful experience?
What is the WORST fanfiction you've ever read?
What's a song that makes you immediately pull out your air guitar?
What if a Vulcan did a precordial thump on a human?
What are some (good) indy games that has a mini map and objective cursor?
People who are doctors, why are you overweight?
How often do you feel horny?
People who are fluent in more than one language do you translate to your native language in your mind? How does that work?
How do rappers and trappers get away with doing drugs as it is really obvious that they do?
You have 1billion dollars in your bank account, what is your first step when you see 00$ dollars?
(Serious) Talk about the partner that you’ve loved the most until now. What happened? Do you still see them? How did you feel? Does it affect you today or do you still think about it from time to time?
When in life did you first realize how much you had changed?
You’re at a store and buy 3 items. Your goal is to make the cashier as uncomfortable as possible. What do you buy?
Statistically speaking, 3.95 billion are worse than the average human person. What fact really helps to see that?
What's an underrated item you've purchased and how much is it worth?
What is the correct term that you would describe your uncles sisters daughter?
What's the most heart-wrenching thing someone has ever confessed to you?
What kind of things still surprise you, no matter how many times you’ve heard it?
Pr people of Reddit. What was the worst coverup you had to do, and why?
People with back pain who fixed it on their own, how?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever witnessed in a city/town?
People of reddit who have lived/live in a car, what is the scariest thing you've experienced?
People of Reddit, What thing, serie, music, hobbies, etc you hated but now you love it?
Pants wearers of reddit, belt or suspenders? Why or why not?
If you could see any two people in a fight, living or dead, who would it be?
What was the weirdest place you had sex?
zWhat is the Best the Movie you have ever watched?
USA, why do you have a eighty year old ruling you?
In sex terms what does it mean to be a top or a bottom?
When was the last time you upvoted something and then went back there to take it back?
What knowledge did you gain at school that was not useful to you in life?
When was the last time you cried and why?
What’s the most useless advice you have to offer?
If you could choose one thing/person for aliens to find in a stasis chamber, that suspends all things in time, 50 years later, what would it be?
Who is the most overrated celeb?
People of Reddit, what was the most ridiculous thing a foreigner told you about your own country?
Who can you just not stand and why?
What’s one thing you do everyday that makes life easier?
What is the deadliest war ever fought?
What is a good birthday present for a 5 year old that isn't toys?
What’s your favorite candy?
What are some work-from-home jobs that would only require a college certificate or a few courses to qualify for?
Women of Reddit, would you trust a partner on a male contraceptive pill as your only form of BC? Why/Why not?
Ladies, what is the most obvious hint you have dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
If everything in your life happened 1 second earlier, what would you have missed? How would your life change?
How do you know if you are no longer a Lurker on Reddit?
What is a specific scent you have bad associations with?
If mirrors suddenly stopped working, how would the world change?
"The Front Page of the Internet" ...meh. What do you think the Reddit slogan should really be?
What hasn't been remade that you hope is never remade in your lifetime?
What legacy do you want to leave behind?
Reddit, how did you turned your life around?
What is your favorite dish?
How much coffee do you drink each day?
What is your opinion on the younger generations fashion right now?
What is the name of the most important powerful machine in the world?
Which was that incident in which the sole reason you failed was due to sheer bad luck?
What is most deadly computer game(in which game you kill most enemies)?
Dear redditors, how are you?
Which cartoon character would you want as a parent?
if you could have any video game glitch (minus duplication glitches) as abilities you could use whenever, what glitch would you choose, and what would you use it for?
What would be more shocking? 2021 to people from 1946 or 1946 to people from 1871?
What band should be on everyone's playlists?
What grudges are you STILL holding from school?
ADHD (&co) Reddit, what's your hyperfixation right now?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
What is the scariest situation you've been in?
If everyone in the world disappeared except for you, never mind your actions. What would your emotions be?
What is so fascinating with discussing celebrity deaths?
What’s the worst thing that happened to you recently?
What is an injury or ailment that doesn’t sound like a big deal but is actually quite painful and uncomfortable?
What Reddit page do you surprisingly love and why?
What’s the most hours you have put into a video game?
How's the road to Tinue?
What do you think will happen after death?
What is something good you did this week that you are really proud of ?
What do you always preach but don’t practice?
What is one of the most gruesome PG-13 movie deaths you’ve seen?
What is your daily routine?
how long would it take a sloth to move across the entire observable universe?
Conservatives/Republicans of Reddit, What does the progressive left/Democrats actually have a point on from your perspective?
Hey bus Riders/Drivers, what is the most disgusting/disturbing thing someone had said/done on the bus?
What is a word or phrase you simultaneously love and hate?
What’s a song that you listen to, to get pumped up to go out with friends/clubbing/bar hopping/partying?
You have one more chance to prove to daddy that college was worth it. If you can’t, he’ll have to teach you a lesson himself. What do you do?
Americans of Reddit, why is the majority of your population okay with being overweight?
As you're reading this NASA announces the discovery of a N.E.O (near earth object) on a collision course with Earth in 24 hours. How will you spend this time?
What are you the most insecure about?
What are some problems you get when you start having money?
What’s the craziest thing a family member of yours has done?
How was your day today? UV?
What is the most tragic story you've ever read ?
Which villain you think has more character development than the hero ?
People with Military spouses, what's the likelihood if they go to a different country YOU will still be faithful?
What minor inconvenience do you experience daily?
If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?
What are you thoughts on the new iPhone 13 lineup? Are you upgrading?
What’s a unique complaint that you have about your job that others would never think about?
Whats your weirdest dream?
People of Reddit, what is the meanest thing someone has ever done to you?
How do you feel about open-book tests in school?
What meals, foods or treats would you associate with Halloween?
What awesome activity did you do as a kid/teen which future kids will not (or probably will not) ever get to experience?
If your life were a movie, what song would they use in the montage?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done sexually?
What's the biggest dick move you did to someone or someone did to you?
What in your opinion is the best movie/tv show one liner?
What do you think of Ana Kasparian and the young turks?
Whats your scariest nightmare?
Men of reddit, which jeans brand/type is durable and good looking?
70's fashion had bell bottoms. 80's had bright neon. 90's had grunge. What will people in 2040 wear to mimic 2010's fashion?
What's a job where saying "oops" means it's really going to get fucked up?
What are the political beliefs that you secretly have that you wouldn’t dare bring up in front of friends or family?
What are some sly things businesses do to help their bottom lines?
Whats One Thing That Made Life Easier and Harder at the Same Time?
How often do you think your mom gives your dad head?
Google your birthday and Florida man. What did a Florida man do to celebrate your birthday?
What do you go to bed looking forward to?
What game trope or mechanic do you find the most annoying or frustrating?
What is the best charity to donate to for helping US Veterans?
What do you think about flat earthers?
What is the most immersive game you ever played?
What would you want yo be doing right now?
What new habit changed your life for good?
What are signs that someone is genuinely dumb as shit?
People that have eaten an entire clove of garlic, why and how?
What was the typical reception to non-whites living in the Eastern Bloc during the Cold War?
[Serious] What will the major news headline be one year from today?
Whats the worst thing you did?
In your opinion, what is the best type of phone?
Who understand that they are introverts and extroverts?
If you started your own band/group what would you call it and why?
What’s your story if you ever felt lost in life in you mid-twenties?
What is something that helps you take your mind off things?
In what ways can attending an HBCU be a bad thing?
What is something you’ve seen your coworker do that you weren’t supposed to see? What was the outcome of it?
For those of you Redditors who’ve eaten someone out, what’s it like?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
What city is on the cusp of being "cool"?
Whats the wierdest thing that you did for no reason?
What are the things that will never change?
What would be the worst combination ever for a Buddy-Cop movie?
Dear Hackers of reddit, what was the most fucked up thing you saw on a computer?
If you live alone and die at home..how long before someone finds your body?
What is the best pick up line?
What's the opposite of hitler?
People who've caught a sibling or family member watching porn, what did you do?
At which age would you like to die (and why)?
What do you do if you want to go back in time to the good old days?
What natural remedies do you use to help your anxiety when it gets bad, or to subdue it?
Which candy bars are best in mini/snack size?
What's something you used to not like, but now you do?
How do you plan on celebrating your 69th birthday? Or redditors who have reached that age, how did you celebrate your 69th birthday?
Whats the funniest thing you heard?
People who kiss their parents (or siblings)on the lips…what’s up with that?
What loves k-pop or k-drama?
What are some paranormal activities that you guys have witnessed?
What is your mental illness, and how does society misinterpret it?
Pet owners of Reddit, what’s the biggest pro and con of having your pet?
What’s a red flag that you need to find a new job?
What is your best real life example of “If you want something done right, do it yourself.”?
People with Military spouses, what's the likelihood if they go to a different country they will still be faithful?
What are interesting things on earth?
What is a pricey, non-essential purchase you made that was completely worth it?
What was the most significant event in medieval England and why?
What helps you when you’re feeling sad?
When you google "Florida man" plus your birthday, you get your Florida man zodiac. Who is he?
What are some interesting FOOD facts we should know?
What's the worst encounter you've had in a public restroom?
What would you want to say to your 16-year-old self?
What's something you would love to forget?
We have “Workout Wednesday” but now it’s changing to Thursday. What should we call our Thursday workouts?
What are your go-to PR songs? Or anything that makes you want to ram your head in a wall?
If you had to choose one thing from the 90s to bring into today's world, what would it be?
How have you healed and moved on from a next to nothing ass nobody, toxic relationship?
Who holds the most prestige and connections /power in your surrounding?
What do you think is the worst habit humans have developed?
What’s a song that is the equivalent to stepping on Legos?
What do you like in helping people?
What fetish can you/can you not recommend and why?
Women, is there a reason you fiddle with your hair when driving?
Have you ever had an experience with a haunted object? If you have what’s your story?
Why adults like alcohol ?
What is a good question to ask someone you just met?
People who can understand the nail salon workers… what are they saying?
What would be the best combination ever for a Buddy-Cop movie?
What is something somebody ones told you?
What was your memories in school that you don't want to forget it?
What do people insist is in the Bible but definitely not?
What is the most pointless sport to be a professional at?
Latino & Latina Redditor’s what is your opinion on the word Latinx?
How long did you last before losing The Game right now?
Who loves their parents?
What's one thing your dream home would have?
What is something you worry is unique to you or your body that you would feel better knowing is common to other people as well?
What was the result of a tiny lie you told that spiraled out of control?
What's one thing that you do that you do not want your partner to find out?
what type of car was your favorite to own and why?
What are the qualities of a Libra?
We live in a fascist dystopia. Every form of "unapproved" entertainment has been destroyed, except for a single film that was saved. What movie would that be and why?
What celebrities do you think are just good for nothing?
How did you pick what career/job you wanted ?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen a junkie/alcoholic do in public?
What’s something from the 90s you miss the least?
People who went to church with their parents as kids, what did you do to entertain yourselves?
People who don't put a period at the end of your chat conversations: What other things in life have you left unfinished?
you've just discovered your name in the list of the 100 most x people in the world. what is x?
What will be the biggest feature of iPhone 99 ?
So I have this picture of when I was a kid around 2002-2004 not sure exactly what year it was taken but I was at what I would call a landmark, I don't know how else to describe it but as a horse with western graffiti and with the word "West" painted on it. Can anyone help me out with this?
[Serious] Redditors with mental health issues, why do you let them cause such devastating issues within your relationships (friendships included)? And why do you not seek help for it until it is too late?
What myths have you personally debunked?
What got you fired?
What is everyone's absolute favorite mac and cheese recipes?
What is something you wish you learned in high school?
If you had endless money/resources how would you choose to impact society and cement your name in history books for years to come?
People who eat their own boogers, what is the appeal? Why do you do this?
What was the biggest treat for you as a kid?
How true is it that people who eat while distracted are more likely to overeat?
What are some slang words that are only used in your region? If it’s in another language, what is it in English?
Whats something that everyone learns but no one talks about publicly?
Which celebrity death would hit you the least?
What lie do you tell the most often?
Who should be the next president of the United States?
What words would you switch around in the dictionary to cause total confusion?
What’s a word or phrase that will immediately piss you off and have you ready to fight?
University students, what's your favorite dorm story?
Millennials, what is your net worth right now?
What holds you back?
What is the small thing that made you smile today?
People who ask weird questions on AskReddit that no one wants to answer, why?
People who have lost their loves ones, how did you cope with it?
Which product would improve humanity most if it’s cost were lowered BY $1?
What kind of trouble will you get in with the police if caught with a schedule 4 drug without a prescription?
What was your craziest break up you ever had?
How did you lift/fix your anxiety/depression?
What did you mess with the school computer?
Unemployed people, how badly do you want a job, and in your desperation, are you willing to accept any type of work, including minimum-wage labor without any benefits?
Redditors who have been stabbed or shot, what does it feel like and how does the pain rate with other painful experiences?
What is the best movie in 2021 so far?
How would you get along with one of your ancestors who've lived 2000 years ago?
What would you do if moose were actually carnivore?
What is the most upsetting thing that happened in your life? Does it still upset you?
In 20 minutes the world is about to explode, what do you do in this time, as seeing as you have literally nothing to loose?
What is the most misunderstood or misinterpreted philosophy/philosopher?
Health workers,what is an bad experience you wanna share to reddit?
How are you doing today?
What was the biggest secret about a friend or family member of yours that was only revealed after they passed away?
What was something shocking you heard while eavesdropping?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever tasted?
what's the funniest thing you've seen on a t-shirt?
What's a dead subreddit that you wish was still active?
What is your tribal name?
Western Europeans, what do you think of Eastern Europe?
Superman Vs Thor, who do you think would win and why.?
Whats the weirdest subreddit?
What was the turning point in your life?
What are the biggest lessons you have learned in the corporate world?
If there is an animal that can only live of eating flesh eating plants, what would it be called?
People of Western European descent but not living in Western Europe, how did you or your ancestors leave Western Europe?
What medical procedures/treatments are available in your country but banned in many others?
What is your best DisneyWorld/Universal Studios advice?
What would happen if the hedgies that owe people stonk money went to bankruptcy court?
Health & Safety workers of Reddit, what was the worst "THEY DID WHAT?!" moment you encountered?
How would an alien describe the action youre doing right now?
What is the hardest truth you had to accept that made you stronger?
what’s your best deez nuts joke you know/heard?
What's your first response when you are touched by a stranger?
If it really matters, how does partner physical attractiveness affect the the trajectory of love making or marital satisfaction?
what stuff should no one look up?
Disabled people of Reddit, what's a relationship advice that make things more inclusive ? What's some advice you received that wasn't ?
(Serious) detectives of Reddit what’s the most bone chilling confession you’ve ever heard?
What would happen with all of Jeff Bezos’s money if he died?
What is your favorite chocolate?
What would need to change for Gen Z to pursue jobs with worker shortages?
What is the one subscription service that you will never cancel?
Why has no one considered that the Titanic was sunk deliberately by PETA to free the Lobsters?
What is/will be your "When I was a kid..." story?
What's an uncommon phobia that you have? What might have caused that?
What do you think happens after we die?
What is your best “I accidentally sent that text to the wrong person!” story?
You discovered you were Hitler in your past life. What do you do with this information?
What is the weirdest compliment you ever received?
What has been your biggest sexual eye opener?
What are your thoughts on AOC's new bill to extend Pandemic Unemployment Benefits?
The US becomes a theocracy and is now run by the laws of the old testament. Which would be your favorite rule/law, and why?
What would you do to your bestfriend if you catch him/her cheating ?
What bad situation happened to you that you 100% knew would happen and did nothing to stop?
What is the best Halloween song?
What’s an overplayed song that you still love ?
What is the most overrated song of all time?
What is your outlook on life right now? Is it good, so-so, or bad?
Creators of reddit, writers, musician, developers, when you finish your project, do you actually listen to it, read it, play it with enjoyment as it was not your work?
Do you consider America to be a progressive country? Why or why not?
What's the best argument you've won?
What would you do if you aren't allowed to profit from your ideas, but you are unemployed and you keep getting ideas?
Is there a way to change the algorithm of youtube? If so, how?
Does a poor man drive a nice car or a old beat-up car? What does a rich man drive?
What did you say or do that got you kicked put of a place you visited?
Bargainers of reddit, what tricks actually work for you?
If you were a scientist, what experiment would you run, if money and ethics were not an issue?
A robber breaks into your workplace. How would you defend yourself?
What would you wear if you had an infinite amount of money?
People of Reddit, why is FaZe clan always involved in drama/scams, why are they still not disbanded and in jail?
What is the nicest thing you have done for someone ?
What was the best day of your life and Why?
With the recent law in Texas on abortion, what do you think the next step would be? Do you think the Texas government will provide institutional orphanages and hire thousands of childcare workers to run them, or perhaps, offer free male and female condoms and voluntary sterilization services?
What is a type of Youtube content you believe has no value at all?
What are the synonyms and meaning of the word 'humdrum'?
People of reddit with ADHD do you take medication to deal with it if so how does it help you and if not how do you manage without it?
If you had the power to remove one event from history what would it be?
What are some songs that are amazing to listen to in the American north west forests?
What makes you charming and attractive?
What's the most heartbreaking video you've seen on the Internet?
What tv show got worse after having too many seasons?
What's the funniest WiFi name you have seen and where was it?
Do you think access to a Reddit account should be a basic human right? Why or why not?
What’s your internet catfish story ?
What’s your best tattoo idea that wouldn’t make your parent’s proud?
What are signs your professor has the hots for you?
How are you preparing for the coming Water Wars of the 2030s?
Children of divorced parents who were mad at their parents for getting a divorce, why were you so mad?
What things are harder to find than love and tradition of the grand design?
In a blind taste test, would Pepsi beat the highest rated wine in the world? Why do you think so?
If aliens came to Earth to establish peaceful first contact and had only one ship that they could land, where would they go and why?
What's the most boring sport in your opinion?
what fast food place has the best nuggets?
What would be the most satisfying thing to destroy / break?
Can someone explain to a non-american the social impact of the OJ Simpson Case and what it meant for the African American Community in general?
911(emergency) operators of Reddit, what is the most heartbreaking call you’ve ever received?
What song has had the most debate on its meaning?
If you could undo one action/decision in your life, what would it be?
Why when you poo you also pee but when you pee you don't poo?
What is one thing that makes it hard for men to understand women, and vice versa?
What do you not understand but newer generations do?
What would you do if aliens are confirmed to be real?
If you can ask god one question, what would it be?
What’s the difference between being hungry and being Hawngry?
Dear top comment deleters. Why?
When do y’all think we are going back to the moon?
Have you ever been summoned to appear in a court to be a jury? If so, how did it look like?
Whats a really good beer that you'd recommend to someone who doesn't really care for beer?
Why do you women with large breasts need a reduction due to back problems but men/women with large bellys not need it?
In a mirrored world, would a mirrored version of yourself (mirrored brain, eyes, everything) see the same world as you do? If so, how can we ever know we’re not the mirrored version of ourselves?
What's a very simple way to ruin someone's day?
What's the biggest red flag you're glad you ignored?
What happens after you die?
What habit changed your life?
What is a secret wish/hope/goal for yourself, that you're finding it very difficult to attain?
What if we are all wrong and god is just a giant spaghetti monster?
What could you do with two million dollars that would impact the most people?
What was the most wholesome encounter with the elderly you ever had?
What is bothering you right now?
What was your best mvp moment?
What, Gif vs. Jif, type of thing will you never change your mind on?
What were your bullies right about?
What is something illegal that you want to do?
Dear Canadian Redditors, What's your thing?
Women of Reddit, what would you do if you found out your bf/husband had an OF?
Students that go to schools that have been affected by the "devious lick" trend. How has your school changed because of this trend?
What's the weirdest thing you have in your search history right now?
But where's the kaboom?
What is something you once hated but now you love?
What is one movie/book sequel you want to see?
What ancient construction technique has particularly fascinated you?
When is it the correct time to run around in small circles, screaming in panic?
People of Reddit have you ever turned someone in for a cash reward and if so what did they do and how much was the reward?
How much money is in your bank account and what do you do for a living?
Was there ever a time in your life in which you wanted to sleep with your cousin?
Who do you think is the most overpowered character ?
How did you lose customers for your employer (B2B/B2C)?
What’s the weirdest thing that your guest has done at your house?
What's your favourite debut album from an artist?
Married people of reddit where did you go for your honeymoon and how was it?
What do you know about poverty that most people don't understand?
(Serious) Do you have the feeling that you have no place in this world? How do you deal with this condition?
You are locked in a room with every Marvel MCU character, you can pick 2 to help you fight all the others, who do you pick?
What's an unwritten rule in your home?
You're stuck in a time loop from the moment you wake up today, until you fall asleep or die. What is the first major thing you decide to do that will take multiple tries to succeed?
What's a 2nd best thing, that you think should be the 1st choice ?
What’s a fun multiplayer mobile game that’s not a shooter or Minecraft?
What's so expensive but totally worth it ?
What happened on Reddit in the past 6 months?
What is the answer if we are living in a simulation?
If a chef offered you alien meat, would you try it? What would you think it tastes like?
What was the saddest moment in anime that actually made you cry?
Where would y’all rank Kanye’s new album in his discography?
What keeps you going?
Who is closest to a real-world movie villian?
What is the worst thing you've ever tasted?
What did you do to cause chaos in your school?and did you get caught?
What's the worst movie line you love?
Weird question for men on reddit… have you ever tried to put your penis through a Haribo twin snake gummy? And how was it like?
what's the dumbest thing public school taught you?
What fingernail do you always cut first?
Boring Question: How do you feel about going back to the office?
What do you want your epitaph to say?
Who is a music artist or what is an album pre-2000 that if it came out today would fit in seamlessly with the music of today?
What is something horrible that everyone should try at least once?
If you could give life to an inanimate object what would it be and why?
What's your plan after this pandemic is over?
What's the most bizarre food you have ever tried?
If you could choose ANY music artist’s (past or present) voice to come out of your mouth every time you sing, whose would you pick?
What’s not overrated or underrated, but is perfectly rated?
What is your favourite book of all time?
What do you strongly suspect but have no proof of?
What are the best feelings in a youngster's life?
People of Reddit: would you spy on your partner’s phone or similar looking for evidence to prove cheating? Why or why not?
People who have a pet Macaw: how’s it working out?
What's your comfort food?
Cats of Reddit, what’s on your agenda today?
What is an event/choice that you were extremely happy about when it happened, but years later wished it never happened?
What's the most obscure region you've found a grey hair on your body?
If humans disappeared suddenly from the planet, which domesticated dog breeds do you think would survive and which would vanish entirely?
Married people of Reddit, what kind of marriage advice would you give to newlyweds?
What artists do you support through patreon?
The internet goes down one day and we no longer have access to it. What do you think will happen?
What moment made you feel like a wizard?
Which footballer celebrity death will genuinely upset you?
For people who are confrontational to others, how has confrontation helped or harmed your life, relationships, or career?
What is the best example of a person who was in the right while the rest of the world was in the wrong?
Current/Former World Record Holders of Reddit, what is the record? And , how did you achieve it?
What are the most shady places of surface net that you know?
What's the most useless thing that you can buy under $100?
What's best brand of chocolate you have ever had ?
People who don't listen to the music of this generation, what is it about it that you dislike?
From Civilization to Empires, From Empires to Countries, what's the next stop for humanity?
What is the best way to put on a sports bra so it doesn't twisted up?
What was your worst school trip experience?
What's the most ridiculous/heinous thing you've seen someone get away with because of their associations/money?
You see the google maps car, what are you gonna do?
What are the best buns available for a hot dog?
If you somehow got basically every type of cancer(Skin, bone, breast, etc.) at once, how long do you think till you die an excruciatingly painful death?
Scientists of Reddit, what's the science behind post-nut clarity?
What the worst thing you can say as a pilot right as you take off?
What’s your typical workout routine?
people who wear glasses. what is it like?
What do you know about Brazil aside from common stereotype?
What weird food combinations do you enjoy?
Ladies, what's one skincare/beauty product that you cannot live without?
How and why u bought Bitcoin before it was cool? What are you doing in life now?
Redditors who were actually the "Florida man" in the news that we often joke about, what did you do?
Redditors who are into scat. (Coprophilia). When you hear someone fart, is that like a chat up line?
People of Reddit,what’s your worst dating/relationship experience ?
Yo, why you all argue all the time Reddit?
What was the worst thing someone you know did?
What's a seemingly innocuous comment you've heard someone make that absolutely devastated you?
It's afraid of and why?
what the weirdest name you've ever been called by someone in an online game?
What's something that's not a cult, but feels like a cult?
(Serious) What's the worst pain you've experienced in your life?
People who have filed for bankruptcy, how's your life now?
What's the best tv series of all time ??
What are your top songs you think everyone should have in their playlist?
Fast food workers of Reddit, where do you work and what is something you’ll never order to eat, from where you work again ?
What can you say while watching YouTube and while having Sex?
What age-long debate do you think you’ve finally solved?
Dudes with low test/low androgen levels - how on Earth are you still alive?
What weird food combination tastes surprisingly good together?
What genre of music do you think of when you think of College Football?
What should you study in 2021 to have a nice career?
What's the worst wedding song?
What do you do if your sad about the state of the world?
how can one get a girl to stop sending her pix to other guys?
Those below 18 who have quit school, were you able to find alternative forms of gaining money and if so what are they ?
What tv show should have ended way earlier than it did?
What’s your gender and age? How many people have you slept with, and why?
People of Reddit what would you prefer Xbox series s or PS5?
What is the best advice you’ve ever received?
Tested positive for Covid, Reddittors who have had Covid, how was your experience and how long did it last?
What occupation seems like a lot of fun from the outside but is actually miserable?
How would we tackle an alien invasion?
Lots of things are easier said than done, But what are some things easier done than said?
People in movie or tv production, what are some things you do on set to save on budget?
Whats the ultimate prank?
What movie is so bad but you still love to watch ?
Great people of reddit, which is your favorite breed of dog?
What remix/cover you liked more than the original song?
What dirtiest pickup line you know/heard?
Which is the name of most emotionally devastating movies you seen ever ?
Who are the best chads in video games?
In what ways are you a hopeless romantic?
What is something you hate about reddit?
Australians of Reddit, how bad are the restrictions?
People of reddit, what was the best thing(s) your parents ever did for you?
You are locked in a room and will not be let out unless you cut off 1 body part (if you choose something like toes, you have to remove all of them), what do you cut off?
How long do you keep the porn on after you have “finished”?
What are some underrated movies that you would like to recommend to everyone?
Are cartoons/animations just for kids, why or why not?
What was better, Friends or The Office?
How does one prevent cash theft from the front desk at their lodge or hotel if they cannot be physically there to watch their employees?
If you had to choose between a dishwasher, oven, or washer/dryer combo for a bachelor appt, which would it be and why?
Grooms of Reddit, how did you get through your wedding speech without crying shitloads?
What would you do if you were sent to solitary confinement for fifty years?
Which penis size is too small ?
What is the best quality budget pontoon boat?
what is your favorite football team?
What is the best movie to watch for the first time you smoke weed?
[serious] What is something you sold or got rid of that you wish you hadn’t?
What are your experiences with the paranormal?
What are some things to do in Seattle when it's raining?
What's a TV/film or game quote you wish you could use more in real life?
Who is more dangerous - the one with nothing left to lose, or the one with everything to lose?
What are your favorite podcasts that help you improve yourself/your life?
For science purposes only..... If a group of men were to form a "daisy chain " what is the fewest number of men necessary to make a complete chain or circle?
When will we be living on Mars?
Without telling us what kind of pants they were, what happened when you failed your saving throw vs pants shitting?
What’s a movie you still love to watch, but its special effects have aged terribly?
With almost 8 billion people on the planet, what do you think is one of the few things literally NOBODY in the world is doing right now?
For the people of Reddit, what gives villains a redeemable quality?
What's something that you'll never see the same again and why?
Pretty women, when you walk down the street why won’t you stop a while, talk a while, give a smile? Instead why do you walk on by, make us cry and walk away hey okay?
What kind of superpower or special trick do you have?
What would you do with an extra day every week, a small gift only for you?
What gender stereotype do you hate the most?
What can you do today to help your co workers?
What is the best way to win friends, influence others, have a wise barber that gives timeless advice, flawless haircuts, buy a house, surrounded by trees, located near a stable job, a safe neighborhood, and get a modest family car with vast leather seats to accommodate a phat ass obedient lover?
How come doing taboo sex things is so hot?
People with read receipts...... Why?
What person's life makes you think curses might be real?
What is sexier than sex itself and why?
What if dogs are aliens?
If your fictional crush met you and asked you to have a conversation with them (Let's assume that you're both the same age), what would you and what would you talk about?
What are some poor life decisions that people really need to start making less?
What would happen if everyone on the planet took LSD at the same time?
How do you throw a surprise party for a psychic?
In your opinion what is the scariest movie of all time?
What's the dumbest thing your coworker has done before?
What is the most insignificant thing you have knowingly stole?
what are the best tik tok search terms?
Now that gold has gone down in value, what do you think dragons hoard?
How did old disney animations turn out so smooth?!
Why are you on Reddit right now?
You have access to your EX girlfriend’s instagram, what would you do?
What is Your Favorite Movie, and Why?
what’s a good name for a fashion dedicated blog??
What dream will you never forget?
Who is hotter, Shrek or Mario?
What do you believe happens after death?
What’s the funniest, joke-sex position you can come up with and what would it be called? [NSFW]
What is the most underrated movie or show you have ever seen?
What is wrong in this world?
What would you do in the purge?
What is that thing you hate the most, but that you would only do, if you get paid a lot of money?
Which celebrities do you dislike the most and why?
What phrase could change a person life?
What Is The Best Way To Convince Someone To Do What You Want?
What is your rational solution to some of life's biggest mysteries?
What advice would you give to a man?
If you could travel back in time and tell your younger self one thing, what would it be and why?
Whats the pettiest hill youre willing to die on?
What's the meanest thing someone has ever done to you?
What are some badass or heroic people in the history?
What if you are really mentally ill, but nobody is telling you out of respect and you personally are too limited to realize?
What is the worst quick fix you have ever seen?
What is your favorite TV Show, and why is it Scrubs?
Dear unattractive people; how did your "ugliness" affect your daily life?
Why here and now?
Redditors of reddit it how was your day?
[NSFW] Non-kinky folks, how would you react if your partner asked you to tie them up and whip them?
What Is Your Best Dad Joke?
What made you smile ?
Why are you ignoring ______’s constant messages? Why are you being so mean?
Americans, what is your opinion on English people?
Americans, why are you so stuck up?
Without telling your shoe size, what’s the secret ingredient in the recipe you are ‘famous’ for?
How did you feel the first time your partner provided some "post-fun" after care?
What is your dootober costume going to be this year?
If you could have any type of plastic surgery done what would you have done and why?
What would be the most disgusting pizza topping you can think of?
Which Celebrity Would Make The Best President?
How are you doing right now?
What's a secret that your Grandparents took to their grave if they had any?
Why wear a mask in car when driving alone?
What is the most weirdest, disgusting or cringe subreddits you have come across?
What's running through your mind right before you have an orgasm?
What does yippie-ki-yay MF really mean?
(Serious) what is the strangest/ creepiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What scares you the most in this world ?
Who was your least favorite athlete growing up and why?
Why are Youtube Movies so expensive? The prices seem totally overblown, considering the alternative streaming services on the market. Renting looks more affordable but some titles are only available to Buy. Why is that?
What’s the worst thing you’ve stepped on with bare feet?
If WW3 Broke Out Right Now, Who Do You Think Would Win?
What do you wish you didn’t know?
What’s one unsolved crime you want to know the answer to before you die? And if you can, what’s yours theory?
Why can't guys wear leggings?
What is your reaction when someone insults you with humor?
What is the most amount of steps you’ve had in one day?What were you doing?
What is the best "you have no power here" moment you have ever seen?
Cooking at home is generally less expensive, higher quality, and arguably healthier, but what are some foods that are exceptions to that generalization?
How do you stop someone from licking your pushy all the time?
What's in the box?
You can choose one “dormant” singer or band to make a new hit song. Who are they?
The Canadian oil and gas industry has an excellent environmental record and produces less than 1 % of global emissions. Why is it not supported ?
Why do you think the English language is so prevalent worldwide?
People who have worked for very important/wealthy people, what were they like?
What is your way out?
What are your thoughts on Boy and Girl Scouts being able to do stuff together?
What is your favourite food and why ?
What makes a really good question?
How often do trainers from places like addidas and Nike come back in stock?
What’s the worst interaction with a celebrity you’ve ever had?
When you’re asked “what’s a banger of a video game tune”… what’s the first tune that comes to mind?
What was the smartest move your pet has ever done?
What do you think, can we see objective reality objectively?
What would be an anti pick up line?
How much Sex in a relationship (relationship longer than 3 years) whats your experience ?
(Serious) What was the worst thing somebody did to you out of spite?
If you could live in a video game for one week as your character (if you played the game before) with all your your stuff which game would you choose?
What's the story of the experience that changed you?
What is a product you wish existed?
Lawyers of reddit, What do you say to clients who constantly obsess over red herring details?
what would happen if all the dogs in the world disappeared tomorrow ?
What is one piece of advice, that forever changed your life?
What is the closest you’ve come to winning something?
What black mirror episode do you think is most realistic?
What is your favourite beer?
Redditors, with all your knowledge now, what would you do in life?
when’s the angriest you’ve ever been and why?
Does it the better after high school? In what ways?
What Real life logic would only work in fictional world?
American’s, what comes to mind when you hear the word ‘Europe’?
What are some old music that would not fly if it was made today?
Being completely honest, how often do you troll on Reddit?
Marvel fans of Reddit, if you were allowed to make an episode in the “What if…?” series, what would it be about?
Did you ever feel left out? When?
How is your Saturday going right now?
If you could describe your life so far with a movie, which movie would it be? Why?
What is the best way to stop being self critical?
What is the best natural remedy for anxiety, supplement or physical things that works for you?
Which game stood out for its boss fights?
Whats ypur favorite insect,if you dont like insects whats your favorite mammal?
What do you do when you want to sleep but can't?
If the oceans were freshwater, how would the earth be different?
what is your theory about mirrors ?
What Is The Most Infuriating Thing You Have Ever Seen?
What Is Your Definition Of Stupidity?
What concept car should have come into production but didn’t?
What restaurant serves the best cheeseburgers?
What do you think would be the public reaction if Cuomo ran for President in 2024? How far do you think he’d go in the race?
What animals have their own culture ?
What's your advice for someone traveling alone for the first time?
What is a landmark that everyone in your country would know, but a typical foreigner would never have heard of?
What's a videogame you just HAD to get but you have yet to play it?
What are non-sad songs that make you really sad?
What is your least favourite thing about Covid-19?
What game do you wish more people played?
What is your favourite thing about Covid-19?
What are you doing for national cheeseburger day today?
How quickly do u fall asleep after hitting the bed?
You are the first person to step foot on Mars. What would you say to the billions of people watching?
[Serious] What is the worst example of gaslighting you had seen or experienced?
Who do you think was the better dog TV show host, Blue from Blue's Clues, or Ruff Ruffman?
What is the difference, if any, between friends you make in school and those you make in college?
How do you feel about transparent plastic furniture like chairs?
When was the last time your life changed drastically? What happened?
Does subliminal really works? What are your experiences who tried it?
Bisexuals of reddit, have you ever had sex with both at the same time? What was it like?
If you had to choose between weebs becoming powerful political figures or a major city getting nuked
How should education be improved? What should be taught in schools and what should stop? How could drop outs decrease?
A time traveler appears from the year 2018. What advice/supplies do you give them?
What taco bell item is the best to quickly relieve constipation?
What’s the most difficult taste to acquire?
What did people tell you was a “myth” but was actually true?
How do you use a cellular phone? how do you have wifi outside?
How do woman act differently when they are being friendly versus flirting?
What advice do you regret taking?
What's your job? How much do you make?
Kids that have grown up in abuse households, how is your life now? What coping mechanisms have taken with you in to adulthood? What is the thing you regret the most? Is there hope?
What was the strangest thing you've heard someone say in their sleep?
What is the best crime?
What is the weirdest... "Adult Video" you watched? Why?
What is something that is accepted in your culture but not in society?
Why do you prefer more dm someone than talking to them irl?
What are some great brands that keep their prices low by prioritizing the product over advertising/packaging?
What is the last word you said out loud? Do you even remember?
Winning in billions of sperms just to come in this life and you said you wanna do what?
People that prefer being back at the office full or part-time, why?
What convinced you there is an afterlife?
What would you take if you could take anything to The Hunger Games?
Youve just inherited $5k, what would you do to make more $$?
Women of Reddit, what is the smoothest pick up line you’ve ever been told?
Assuming you survive the upcoming apocalypse, what are your plans for thriving in the wasteland?
what's the most important life lesson?
What’s your go-to drunk/high meal?
Who considers you an enemy and why?
What is your best pickup line ?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? What was it like?
When did you realise you were a bit of a wanker?
What does a Genius do differently from an Average person?
What if the earth is triangle shaped?
What songs would have been just fine if they didn't have the awkward rap part in the middle?
What is you favorite cocktail to drink?
What being has the strangest DNA?
What you think about meth?
What makes you cringe?
What animals hunt porcupines?
What was the nerdiest thing a "nerd" has said to you?
People of Reddit: What’s a situation that should’ve went terribly wrong you managed to get out of?
Where do you want to visit?
What's the worst thread you've accidentally stumbled on Reddit and made you rethink your life choices?
How can you tell if a girl likes you?
What can one do with a lot of marshmallows?
What are the differences, if any, you feel there are in the relation a child has with their paternal vs. their maternal relatives?
What do you miss about yourself?
Reddit is there a reason you dislike tiktok why?
People who lost A limb. How did it happen?
What do you wish you did more often when you were younger?
Which celebritys have you met that you completely missed or didn't recognize and how did you find out?
What’s the best way to ask a friend out without ruining the friendship?
What do you think is the best/worst social media app out there?
What is the strangest place you or someone else found something you lost?
What are the secrets and routines of Geniuses?
What is your favorite one-hit wonder song?
[Serious] Former Democrats who now support the Republican Party, what prompted the change?
What's your favorite Norm Macdonald moment or joke?
[SERIOUS] What is the scariest experience you've had on reddit?
What's the moment you realized you were becoming the type of person you didn't want to be?
What's the first line to a song you think no one else knows?
Can anyone else easily tell when someone is lying, when everyone else is just clueless and just eating up the obvious lie?
What’s the most stupid thing you bought as a teen?
What decision or action in your life made you significantly more attractive to the opposite sex?
What’s an item that is a waste of money?
If John Lennon’s Imagine was written in 2021, what would the lyrics be?
How/ Where can one find a good mentor?
What’s an example of new doesn’t mean better?
What buffs and debuffs did you choose before this life?
Parents of Reddit, when you give your child “the talk” how did they react?
What is the best electric toothbrush to buy in 2021 recommend Buy for any price?
Do you believe it's appropriate to keep a 5 year old entertained at a wedding with an iPad and headphones? Why or why not?
What is something normal to you that you do every day, that other people would think is absolutely insane?
Company Name - What should a company name be for a Holding Company with a rhino as the logo?
You suddenly get teleported into your Skyrim game as a NPC. Which mod are you regretting having installed? Which mod are you thankful for?
[serious] How did you get started making passive income?
What was an invention that changed the world?
[SERIOUS] What do you look forward to the most when travelling? Food, architecture, people, etc?
You have a statue made in your honour, what is it of and what is it called?
What is your favourite unsolved mystery?
If Canada was joining America for some reason, do you think it should join as 9 states (Prince Edward Island has a population smaller than Guam so it would either be an un incorporated territory or join NS or NB) and 3 or 4 unincorporated territories or one big state and why?
If every dollar you spend comes back to you, what happens to every dollar you save?
People of Reddit, what are the strangest questions you’ve ever been asked?
Whats Would A Eldritch Suburbia Look Like?
The whole world will end in 8 days. What will you do for the next 8 days? (Everyone knows the world will end)?
What would happen if we could prove beyond a doubt that there is only one other intelligent species in the universe?
Fellow Redditors who don’t like watching or playing any sport. What is your opinion about those who do?
Every race has goodness, what things do you love about your culture?
What nonsensical word can you make up right now?
What can you only do in your 20s?
What’s the explanation that police are 40% likely to beat their spouse than the regular public at 10%? (Scary stats!) and how does the public protect themselves from these predators?
You wake up one day, and all your senses apart from 1 are gone, but the 1 that remains is cranked up to 11, what sense would you want to have?
people who have gotten in legal trouble with pirating, what was it like?
What's the worst thing to say if you're arrested?
How do tourists come to the US, upload their recorded content to YouTube and make money without issues?
How do you know when it’s time to put a pet down?
Who is the poster child for wasted talent?
People outside of the US, How do you view americans?
What is something popular in China that is also popular in Nigeria?
In What Occasions Can Bullying Be A Good Thing?
What are some differences you've noticed between dating an only child vs someone with siblings?
If for some reason, Canada applied to join the EU, would the EU accepts them even though they aren’t in Europe and why?
What is something you like but your friends dont like?
What are some items/brands/things that you see recommended a lot on Reddit, but is actually trash?
People who can speak several languages, a question for you. What kind of story did you get into when someone did not expect that you knew their language?
What came in like a wrecking ball and flew away like a canary bird?
What are you below average at?
To all the non-binary people, if you become a parent, what do you want to be called by your children?
What’s a smell that instantly takes you back to a specific memory upon catching a whiff?
What is rhe limit to engineering, can a strap on that utilises sensors in order to electrically shock the pleasure centres of the brain be built?
How does Reddit feel about milk?
to all the people who were “popular” in highschool what is your life like now? Do you still have the same popularity and love now?
How would you give your cat exercise aside from just make it run towards something or away from something?
When did marijuana stop working for you?
How weird is it to ask a semi random woman for her Instagram handle?
What goes on your perfect sandwich?
What did you do after calling your SO by your ex's name?
What country would you choose if you could instantly become a citizen and be entitled to all benefits but lose citizenship to your current country in the process? Or would you decline and stay with your current country?
What do you do if a cat is sleeping on your lap?
Whats the thing that you've been the most obsessed with?
There’s a first name in every country which is paired with stupidity. Which one is it in yours and why?
What's a good name for new chocolate bar ?
As a first time dog owner, what would you suggest? Adopt a golden retriever or a German shepherd pup?
People who knew they were being catfished on a dating site but kept playing along anyway, what happened?
Reddit, who is your celebrity look-alike?
How do you say hello in the language native to your country?
Metalheads of reddit, what do you hate the most about the community?
Men of Reddit - what would you do if your GF proposed to you, right now?
You get $10k for every fist fight you start and win and you can’t tell anyone. Where do you go to make the most money?
What's a theory/belief that everyone thought you were crazy for having faith in, but turned out to be true?
Which is the key word of your life?
When you take a shower what is the correct order to wash each part of you body in and why?
What is one toy from your childhood you wish you still had? What’s the story there?
What's your " you've Should've listened to me " story?
When is the last time you spoke into a microphone?
What’s the most unexpected thing that happened to you in school?
What cheesy pickup line have you used that actually worked?
what's your favourite smell in the nature ?
What was the unluckiest thing you have ever experienced?
Which item would be your personal 1up?
Men of Reddit, what is the biggest example of a a stigma against males that you've seen?
What is your all time favorite breakfast food?!
What's the best and worst thing one can get tattoo'ed on their penis?
What’s your favorite soundtrack?
Is it wrong for parents to keep a child being bullied in a school when they are begging to move out ?
[Serious] Behavioral scientists of Reddit, what are some red flags that a person is or might be a psychopath?
Among us players of reddit, how many sussy impostors have you seen?
What’s the most evil thing you’ve done on a burner account?
What are some random thoughts you think of while eating?
If cats were the size of cats, how similar to cats would they be?
Only children of Reddit, how lonely are you?
If you had a video game hometown OST that plays in your home/neighborhood, what would it be?
What fictional character would you like to see have a video game made for them that hasn't gotten one yet?
[NSFW] What Did A Friend Do That Accidentally Turned You?
What's the worst comic book you've ever read?
What does it mean to be classy?
if you could tell your past self one thing, what would it be?
What was the best day of your life which turned out to be the worst at the end of the day?
If there was a song that played every time you enter your school/work and everyone there could hear it, what song would it be?
How do some men commit without being in love with the person?
Tippers of Reddit, what is something a server can do to make you tip more than you normally do?
What are ways to describe everyday objects that would make somebody hate you?
What's it like being the girl everyone has a crush on?
How does your first car compare with what your driving now?
[Serious] Men Who Were Raped By Women As A Child, How Are You Coping Now?
How would you explain the Black Lives Matter movement to the Ancient Norse Vikings?
Best tips on how to get on with a breakup?
Americans of Reddit, What do you do on weekends?
What’s a show from your childhood people hate/hated but you love/loved?
What's your go to movie when you're sick?
What's your favorite memory at a festival?
What's the best non violent punishment you could inflict on someone who is a horrible person?
What actor/actress would you absolutely not tolerate as the new James Bond?
What’s the creepiest thing a friend ever confessed to you?
What are some of the most well-known brainwashing tactics used by corporations?
How grow an Instagram (meme) page?
What’s your favorite AskReddit question?
What are the best things to learn from youtube?
What would you say if, when you die, someone took off your VR headset and asked you how you felt?
When was your favorite Tuesday?
Random thought what would happen if all humans died?
If all of Canada’s provinces joined America for some inexplicable reason, would (what we consider far right provinces) Alberta and Saskatchewan be red or blue states or a new party that most Americans would call communist and why?
How does one post stuff on reddit?
People of reddit, what is your time of period/day where you just feel alone or sad without fail every year repeatedly?
You can control how fast you go. What do you do first?
Which is your favorite Pedometer, and why?
What made you walk out of a date?
Christmas or halloween and why?
What’s the weirdest thing a teacher said to your class?
What’s the most heartwarming fact/ story you know?
What would you do if you had the power to access every nuclear weapon on earth?
Why do you love Reddit?
What started off as a ripoff or inspiration that eventually became better than the original?
Is there anyone from your past that you have had a falling out with that you wish you could reestablish contact with? What happened and would or have you tried to reach out?
The bartender created a new drink in your honor. What did he call it?
What do you consider to be the best acting performance of all time?
Cops of reddit who had to tell a family that they had lost a loved one how did you do it and how did handle it your self?
What’s your opinion on the morality of viewing gore or death videos?
Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who is significantly more or less intelligent than you? How did it work out?
What is something your family hid from you for years and you only recently found out?
Hey Reddit, what are you OVERthinking about today?
Have you ever witnessed a wedding where someone objected?
What's your origin story?
What’s your story about “that one day you missed school”?
What is the most important thing you've learned?
Which one is superior for graphics a Ps5 or a Dell XPS laptop with a 3060 graphics card?
What's the longest you have gone without pooping ?
People in dysfunctional families, how are you still coping ??
If the world just suddenly ended right now, who would be the most famous single human being in human history?
What has watching porn taught you?
When using a dating app what would y'all wish somebody would do/say as a conversation opener that you would be more willing to reply to?
What would you like to see invented in the future?
Movers of Reddit, what's something you wish you could tell homeowners before moving their crap?
What's the sexual equivalent of Hangry?
What's the worst thing you've seen on Youtube Kids?
Whats your best yo moma joke reddit?
What modern movement are you just done with? What made you turn away from it?
Australians of Reddit, why did you give the government your guns?
Who are some public figures who receive support from the Internet but may not deserve it?
[Serious] Those that moved out leaving their elderly parent(s) alone, how do you deal with the “guilt” if any?
What are some examples of genres that were created by the Internet?
What's the worst excuse you've ever heard?
When you dream, is it: first or third person perspective, black or white & do people have faces or no?
You wake up and all the switches and buttons in your house perform each other's functionality. How would you react ?
Why did the police make a stop at your house?
What do you hate about your own personality?
What movie had a good plot but had an awful cast/production?
What is your pet’s name and why did you name them that?
What did you name your vehicle?
How did you meet the person that would become the best man or maid of honor at your wedding?
Sports Dads of Reddit, why can't athletes call themselves the "GOAT?
What's your significant other bathroom policy, and what's the rationale behind it?
U.S. Voters: What was the angriest comment you received with regards to whomever you voted for?
Avoiding current politics, what interesting scientific facts turned out to be false?
How would you explain the 9/11 attacks to someone in Ancient Greece?
What's your natural gift?
What's the silliest way to describe your profession without telling us what it actually is?
Vegans/vegetarians of Reddit, what would you do if it were proven that plants can feel pain and have awareness like animals?
What’s the one invention that humans couldn’t live without?
What’s the most sexual thing you’ve done with the same sex online?
What bear is best?
What’s your “RedBull gives you wings” story?
Which recent TV Shows/ movies are highly over hyped but were really disappointing when you saw?
What is the most disturbing piece of written fiction?
What is your purpose in life?
You are in a cable car and it broke down and going to fall. What would you do to survive?
What was your strange nickname in middle school?
Technical writers of Reddit, do you enjoy your job? What are the pros and cons? Benefits?
Parents of Reddit, when was that one time you realized you were way too overprotective of your kids?
What makes someone a millionaire?
Ex conspiracy theorist of reddit what made you go down the rabbit hole and what made you stop?
Who had one really good album, then it was all downhill from there?
People who use avatars in their pfp, why?
What does your ex tell people about you?
What is something no one ever asked in the 80's?
Are there members of Mensa? What would recommended before taking the exam? How is the atmosphere there?
What's the equivalent of an O.J. Simpson or Oscar Pistorius trial in your country?
What is the craziest thing you have seen?
Employees and customers of Walmart, what's the craziest thing you've seen in the store?
What is the craziest thing that has happened at your school?
Tired people of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've done while sleep-deprived?
What’s the worst thing you *would* wish on your worst enemy?
If you could telepathically say something that all 7.8 billion people on earth would hear, what would you say?
What was the most ridiculous excuse you’ve heard?
What technology will improve life on earth the most in the future?
What's a good anime to watch for a starter?
What is your favorite quote from a book?
If the future is set in stone, would you take the chance of seeing where you’d be in 10yrs?
What was your experience/what does it feel like going under general anesthesia? Did it feel like anything in particular?
Have you ever said yes to a last minute plan and it turned out to be the best time of your life? If so, what was it?
What’s something you wish you knew/did earlier which could’ve made you a lot of money?
what’s your theme song?
What's the best way to avoid getting worked up with your kids when they don't listen and end up hurting or getting sick?
Redditors who have done their research, what can you teach us?
What movie do you consider the absolute greatest movie of all times?
If you could have dinner with anybody, dead or alive, who would it be and why?
What comfort items make you and your home feel more cozy?
As we saw in History of the World, Part 1, Moses dropped the third tablet and the last 5 of the 15 commandments were lost. What do you suppose they were?
What will happen if you’re or some other country became communist?
What is your opinion on the self help community?
People with OCD, what is it that thing that people always say about you but it is not true?
If you could remove one thing from your life, what would it be?
What is a radio station you’ve always listen to all the time?
What’s the worst thing a neighbour has seen you do through your windows?
What to do handle anxiety attack rn?
People who have tried sensory deprivation tanks, what are they like?
What is something you did / liked 10 years ago but don’t anymore?
What is something someone has said to you that changed your outlook on life?
What's a really good movie that almost nobody has seen?
What's the smallest inconvenience that irks you the most?
what is the best Netflix series you have watched?
If you had to choose between having a microwave or a dishwasher, which would you pick?
Religious people who have died ( or know someone who has died) and come back to life, what did you experience?
What is the worst job interview you’ve attended while still getting the job?
How is the Wakanda government systemically racist?
How often do you
Whats something that happened you that before you never would have thought could happen?
What aches and pains are bothering you today?
Cheerleaders, did you know how the game was played when you became a cheerleader, or did you learn afterwards?
As a kid or teen, what was the worst aspect of school for you?
What fun little feature do you wish the world had?
Travelers of Reddit, where do you never want to go again?
What if we would talk to each other only with movie references?
Have you ever felt attracted to someone who was the opposite of your ideal type? Why/how?
What sports team do you always root against?
How often do you; smile, or smile at strangers?
What was the last thing you lied about?
What album is critically overrated?
People who have had near-death experiences: what happened and how did it change you afterwards?
Atheists of reddit, what made you athiests?
Who has the most pleasing voice to listen to?
If you could teleport to one place, however many times you want, where would it be?
To all of the atheists, if you don't believe in God, what do you believe in that makes you live better? And what think will help you make a better life?
If your pet could talk, what would it say?
What is the biggest sign of greed you have seen?
People of /eyeblech, why do ypu watch this tipe of content?
If you could time travel back to any point in history, where would you go?
What was the worst thing someone said during a History or Religious Studies lesson?
What food is better the second day (or any day after the day it's made)?
What's the best production software for electronic music these days?
How often do you; self reflect, or reflect about situations, news, or life?
which creature do you consider to be from another planet?
If you fought a clone of yourself, how would you win the fight?
What is the most interesting reason should gift you $100?
What would you choose, free unlimited flights or free unlimited hotels?
What TV show or movie do you wish you could watch again for the first time?
How do you feel about the idea of a higher power?
What makes a TV show “smart”?
What is the funniest YouTube video to you?
You are in a bar and you are horny, a lot horny. How do you bring yourself back to reality that you cannot get laid?
What are your top 3 unusual pet peeves and why?
How often do you; run, or bike?
If you were kidnapped, why would the kidnappers decide not to keep you after about an hour?
People that want/have kids, why?
Americans, if you lose WW3 and China and Russia conquer your nation and split it up, would you rather live in the Chinese occupied or the Russian occupied side? Why?
If you could be able to know one secret/ forgotten thing from all of human history,which/what would it be?
[Serious] For people who vote Republican: who do you want to be the Republican presidential candidate in 2024? Why?
What is a guaranteed way for a student in an underdeveloped country to get a scholarship to study abroad?
What is the most underrated movie and why?
Who’s the female celebrity equivalent to Ryan Reynolds? Who can turn any women lesbian?
People of Reddit, if you get rich, by doing what your username says(or it gets done to you), how do you get rich?
What has been the biggest and best solution to a common problem?
[Serious] Divorced people of reddit, what is your story?
What did you do to pass the time during your 2 week quarantine?
Teachers/childcare workers, what’s the most “interesting” thing a child has unintentionally revealed about their home life?
What sex symbol would definitely not be a sex symbol if they had a normal job?
What's a crafty way to transform a full blown sex party back into a bog standard party without diminishing the fun?
What are Reddit rules/customs when editing a post?
What are 3 things you need in your next smart phone?
If we had unlimited food and cold water how long could we survive in a sauna?
What is obvious but nobody ever things about?
What is one thing you want to see happen in your lifetime?
What is your best advice for anyone that's going through a heartbreak and breakup currently?
If you were in an alternate reality where you could time travel to correct all your previous mistakes, wouldn't it be just trying to fix what was already broken?
People whose first language is not English, how do you prefer others to respond to your grammar mistakes?
What if your wife is a golden retriever?
What compulsive thing/activity do you recklessly spend money on, still knowing it is not worth it?
What movie has a scene or line in it that completely ruins it for you?
Following on from an earlier post, has anyone died and then been brought back to life? If so, what was you’re experience?
What is the new culture in society that appeared just in 21st century?
You have a gun, and every-time you shoot yourself with it, your pet lives 1 extra year, how many times are you willing to shoot yourself?
What's the best way to get a girl horny?
What would you like to bring back from your childhood?
What are your qualms, reservations or habits when using a public toilet?
With this pandemic the rats under our cities have grown so much and populated globally they are now the size of a dog and they are hungry and coming for us how do you prepare ?
People who accidentally fell/bumped in to an attractive person, like in the beginning of a romcom, how was it irl?
What are your "we couldn't pay so we done the dishes" type stories?
What is the difference between a reason and an excuse?
What’s the thing you love the most about your parents/Guardian?
What is your favourite "you read my mind," experience?
How do you find un-biased/factual news and how do you know if something is biased?
What's the brokest y'all have been?
Whatever happened to 3rfc.com and where are the alternatives?
What do you think will change the most in 20 years?
What’s something that really broke your heart ?
People who don't return their shopping carts back to the cart coral or the store, what do you do with the time you've saved?
Do you actually enjoy socializing? Why or why not?
What is the most hilarious excuse you ever heard?
What should be the traditional attire of atheism?
What defines a person's race? Is it where they are from, their culture, or their skin color? Debate?
What subreddits have really changed? Did it get better or worse?
What's your hairstyle , fellow redditers?
What food do you never get sick of and could have everyday?
What is controversial but shouldn’t be?
What do you think is the real nature of the whole universe?
What social rules do you think are too old to sustain in modern society?
What is the best board game you habe ever played?
What was the biggest problem you ever had caused by a typo or autocorrect?
What game do you wish you could experience for the first time again?
What will be your secret porn file name so that it won't get suspicious?
What’s the best lube for sex?
Americans, if you had an alliance with only one country, which would ot be?
If you only had a year left to live, with no changes in your health, what would you do with it?
What's the most exotic thing you ever ate?
What would you say if at the end of the No Way Home movie Tobey says the greatest meme: pizza time?
Ex-Christians, what made you leave and what are you now?
What do you do with a drunken sailors?
What’s something about yourself people find “unattractive” but you personally don’t mind?
What new thing are you going to try today?
The year is 2051, what do you think the world will be like?
What are some things to ask someone to find out if they are actually in the FBI?
What movie is overrated?
Who are some over rated actors?
Have you ever had a discussion with someone who was so passionate that it became kinda sexy. What were they talking about?
What book/story brings you back to your childhood?
Mods of Reddit, have you ever made friends with someone who was originally arguing with you?
If you could moderate all reddit subs, kind of like a super-admin, what would you do with your powers?
Biden voters, do you regret your vote? Why, or why not?
How long is too long to have sex? Where are the 5 hour club people at?
What did you do drunk, that you were proud of sober?
You've included an instruction in your will to play a specific song at your funeral/wake, with the goal of confusing the attendees. What song and why?
What’s your best response to “Nobody cares”?
How do you feel about cats?
What makes you think of Fall?
What pickup line surprisingly worked?
What is the book that changed your life ?
What is in the background of your dream upon focusing?
What silly idea did you come up with as a kid that someone ended up inventing and getting rich?
what hidden talent did your SO have, that you knew only after marriage?
Commercial truck drivers of Reddit, what state has the most courteous drivers?
If someone proved reincarnation was real, would you want to come back and why?
What dumb thing did you do as a child to be 'cool'?
What meme do you just not get or would be completely fine with having erased from history?
Who should be the next president and why do you think so?
Hey Reddit! What’s for dinner?
Where do you want to go to die?
What’s one line that motivates/ helps you get up in the morning?
If you could listen to a song for the first time again, what would it be?
How do you feel about the dark?
What is the meaning of life?
[Serious] Religious people of reddit, why do you think that YOUR religon is correct?
What objectively terrible song do you really enjoy?
What do rich people do?
Pilots of Reddit, What is one of the strangest things you have witnessed?
what are rich countries unofficially?
What are your “truth is stranger than fiction” stories?
What would happen if everyone collectively stopped using the space bar one day/night?
Reddit, at what point do YOU draw the line when being fat becomes unattractive in both males and females?
What is your professional opinion?
How do you answer “Why do you want this job!” at a job interview?
Who’s more prone to cheating: men or women?
Which song would You play to impress somebody You don't know yet?
What song or musical artist has taught you the most about what it means to feel (any emotion; happiness, sadness, nostalgia, anger, etc)?
What video game has shitty graphics and buggy gameplay but is awesome?
What was ur Experience like your first time getting high?
What do you think happenens to you or your soul before life in the womb?
What is the worst way to scratch an itch in public?
what is a political opinion or world view you hold now that would upset or disappoint your past self?
What's your absolute dream outfit?
What’s that one YouTube ad you ALWAYS click out from?
What is the action you should take, but you never do?
have you ever wondered what it would be like if we didn't get sick and sickness never existed?
What video game had amazing graphics but shitty gameplay?
You have to stuck in one age you lived.. What would it be and why?
People who scammed fast food workers, why did u do it?
What is the question you should ask to yourself but you never do?
What do people mean by saying they like small hands because appereantly they give good 18+massages for females. What could that possibly mean?
If there was an apocalypse, how would you die?
What is the worst thing you've ever done in a video game?
What movies with bad ratings on imdb or rotten tomatoes are actually good or fun to watch?
What was the most nerve-wracking situation you found yourself in?
Gamers of Reddit, when have you heavily underestimated your power or ability in a videogame?
If you had the power of creating portals, what would you do with that?
Whats something that happened to you that didn't traumatize you, even if you thought it would when it happened?
If you had COVID before how was it and how bad were your symptoms?.
What popular sayings are actually bullshit??
What was your 2021 resolution and are you still following it?
What’s a big sign that someone is insecure?
What are common misconceptions that people believe are true because of Movies/Shows?
What would you name your first born if it were possessed by a demon?
What other subreddits are you actively on and would highly recommend?
God has asked you to redesign any animal you want to have Gaben's face, which animal do you choose?
How could you cheat death?
Travelers who refuse to walk down escalators,why?
What is one problem you face regularly (daily/weekly) but there is nothing you can do about it?
What has been your proudest moment as a man?
If you could go back in time to see any historical event, what would you go to?
Reddit, what does outdoor physical activities mean to you and why?
What kind of handshake do you have?
So, the stupid questions you get on Facebook like 'What was your first car, answers in comments' now seem to be widely known as a way to harvest users' data. So, what is the reason for the ones that ask, like, 'name a fish without the letter A in it'?
Divorced people of Reddit, what was the last straw?
What is a species that actually deserves to go extinct?
If you could condense an abstract concept into an ice cream flavour, what would it be?
What is something you wanted to say, but couldn't?
You can bring an extinct creature back to life, but in return another creature has to go extinct. Which one are you bringing back and which one are you sacrificing?
Anyone else display a common form of courtesy while driving and give a little wave when someone lets you cut in on the road?
How do you convince someone about the vastness of space?
What is the one device that changed your life?
have you ever been raped or molested by a woman, what is your story? and have you told anyone?
From the scale of 0 to 10, how are you feeling today?
Reddit, what whiskey/wine/liquor/soda/water or nada are you?
People who take social media seriously, Why do you?
in terms of a significant other, what is a deal breaker for you?
What off the cuff/spur of the moment decision by a single person has changed the course of human history the greatest?
What is your biggest fear in life?
You have to keep repeating your Reddit username in front of Mike Tyson in order to avert an Alien Invasion of Planet Earth. How long before you get knocked out and save the world?
What good work do you want to do before you die?
what is the best place to find friends on the internet?
What species will evolve from humans?
For people that are colorblind. What's your favorite color?
What horrific incident did you physically see that made it on the news?
What is a TV game show that you wouldn't mind being a contestant on?
What movie made you mad and why?
Knowing that there are billions of galaxies in the universe, many of which have billion of stars within them, and our Sun is one of those stars, how does it make you feel when you look up in the night sky?
Seinfeld is coming back in October on Netflix, what is your favorite episode?
How do you beat procrastination?
People that moved countries, where did you go and how did it compare to your expectations?
What is something that is not wise to say during a job interview?
What movies are most saved by their endings?
Ayo what are anti depressants like?
What's the scariest situation that you've ever been in with other people?
What specific type of people do you genuinely hate?
Who is your favourite redditor? Why?
What's the most verbose way you can reiterate the phrase, "what the dog doin"?
What is your religion?
What food goes unnoticed to most but you really enjoy it?
What are the most interesting places to visit on your planet?
What game has the best main menu?
What is the worst thing you had fun doing?
What famous quote sounds really inappropriate out of context?
A frustrated man walks up to you in a coffee shop, hands you $300.00 in cash, and asks you to help him come up with rhyming names for the twins (possibly fraternal) that he and his wife are expecting next month. What might you suggest for all possible outcomes?
What are is the most tasty and the most nasty food in your culture?
Anyone know any good spanish shows or podcasts?
What's something we consider innocent in our houses that could potentially kill us?
Hypersexual redditors: What, if any, methods have you found to work for controlling yourself?
What is the most iconic thing in your country?
[Serious] what do you think the odds of a Third World War are?
If you could rewind time 10 seconds, once a day, how would you use it?
What do you agree with in principal, but hate in practice?
Do you believe that teenagers should try to get a job in high school? Why or why not?
What are the implications of Somatosensory loss concerning your ability to pick up objects?
What is a romantic move taken from a movie/any kind of story you made? How did it go?
What is that one life lesson that changed everything ?
What celebrity were you embarrassingly obsessed with growing up?
What role do you think Michael J Fox would have gotten if it had not been for the Parkinson's?
What are the worst nicknames you gave your teachers in school?
What do you think of Deltarune Chapter 2?
If your username was a business what would you do?
You invent something, what is it?
Why some people having discomforts (headache, PMS etc) refuse to take painkillers/ anti-inflammatory medicines?
What are scenarios of using statistics to mislead?
What's the farthest you've ever gone to maintain a lie?
What's one thing that you hate to do, but can't not do it?
What is the weirdest/stupidest thing you ever done because...why not?
People who were never locked in a coal-cellar when they were children, how has this lack lack of an experience shaped your life?
[Serious] People who tried to commit suicide. Why did you tried and what kept you from doing it?
[Serious] What was the most painful thing you’ve ever been told?
If your username determined your superpower, what would be your special move?
what movie really hit you in the feels?
What have you learned from your closest near-death experience?
What’s something that isn’t impressive but gets a lot of praise for?
What law just makes no sense?
What is something you did today that you are happy or proud of?
Who's a terrible/sketchy/unpleasant person you still find hot?
Why do you think people always put their pointer finger over their mouth and go “shhhhh” in the beginning of hidden camera prank videos?
Should the minimum wage be abolished? Why or why not?
For Girls… how often do guys send you pics asking for the dirty?
What are some reasons to live?
People of Reddit that live in the northern part of the United States what do you think of county songs?
what's the last romantic thing you did to your partner ?
In 2045 you are leading a mission into the core of the Earth, at one point your capsule vehicle gets sucked further into the Earth’s core until you reach Pluto. Scientifically speaking , what just happened?
What advice do you have for someone who has never met anyone they like?
What's your story of a coworker that took the job WAY too seriously?
After the next comet hits earth... Our civilization didn't build the pyramids, Stonehenge, or Gobekli Tepe. What do you think future civilizations, thousands of years from now, will find from our time?
What does it tell you that 99% of the species that have evolved on earth have gone extinct?
Mormons of Reddit: What is your opinion of the South Park episode that attempts to describe your faith?
What is one fictional place you would like to visit?
If there was one video that you could watch before the internet was erased forever what would it be?
What conspiracy theory do you truly believe is real?
If you had a Time Machine and could jump to one specific place and time, what would it be and why?
What different movie universe would be the most interesting to combine?
What are some of the most bizarre, but surprisingly popular subreddits you’ve seen?
What are some subs that you think should be more popular?
What is something you definitely should NOT Google?
How do you respond to someone who hasn't reached out in years?
How would you like to die?
How can find a job after 50?
What are your funny Sim stories?
What started with "just one song / episode" and resulted in you knowing all the lore?
Imagine you are on a a flat road( like a highway) where the speed limit is 45mph. How old are you AND how fast are you going?
If you had the opportunity to be different, what would you change about yourself?
In what ways has the Covid pandemic had a positive or negative effect on your life?
What are the ethical concerns when you help someone that doesn't want to be helped, but that can't overcome their (serious) problem without help from others?
What is the first holiday destination people are going to visit when Covid isn’t a thing?
Do you think Reddit is becoming a liberal echo chamber? Why or why not?
What's your favorite all-time sports moment?
What hairstyle or piece of clothing represents your teenage years?
There is now a fighting game based on the United States. If each state was a character, what would they look like and what are their special move sets?
How much has the internet programmed into our next generation ?
Teachers of reddit, whats the worst experience you've ever had with a student?
What is your dogs name?
What are some of the most cursed things you have seen?
How often do you feel like crying?
What do we all need?
What do you say to soften the blow of bad news?
What common phrase in emails has an alternate meaning?
Redditors who fell in love at first sight and ended up with their crush, what’s your story?
What movie character best relates to your life?
Who needs you and who do you need?
Why are you the way that you are?
What is the smallest Sub-Reddit you participate in and why do you participate?
What’s the most scared you’ve ever been?
What's your alternative theory of a famous "solved" crime?
What are your thoughts about the afterlife?
When you die what will you miss the most?
Reddit is changing its slogan. What should the new slogan be?
What’s the most impactful thing you learned in therapy?
Survivors of Reddit, what was your experience surviving a plane crash like?
What fictional character would make the best beer buddy to you?
How would you, an ordinary human, make world peace good for business?
R/AskReddit, What is the funniest thing a classmate has ever done?
What is something you first found “uncomfortable” that you now find comfortable?
Garbagemen of reddit, what's the most memorable thing you've found in the trash?
Redditors who have won a magazine contest or sweepstakes, what did you win?
People who dated the school's " edgy bad-boy/-girl/-person", how was it? Did you discover what made them that way?
Brits of reddit, how is the public health care system in the UK?
Redditors who have a Step Parent Younger than them, What's your story ?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen people do on social media to gain a few likes/upvotes?
People of Reddit, what was your "it happened in slow motion" moment?
what was the most rage you ever felt in your entire life?
If you had 40$ and could buy one thing on amazon to improve your life, what would it be?
What's something you still use to this day from a show you watched growing up?
What makes you think school systems are bad, and why is it so hard to fix?
If you treated some else the way you currently internally treat yourself, how would you end up treating them differently?
How do you make your favorite submarine sandwich?
Whats a story you have been wanting to tell but never gotten an opportunity for?
What’s something people need to stop trying to normalize?
If you could show one modern gadget to a popular person from the past , Who and What would be it ?
Parents of Reddit, what is a secret your kid has that they don’t think you know?
What can't be faked?
Throwaway accounts of reddit, what do you want you want to say or ask?
What is a skill that's traditionally attributed to one gender, but is frankly just inconvenient not to have?
What about nature intrigues you the most?
With all the billionaires we have, why aren't so many world problems being solved, despite the average person saying they'd make a difference if they had the power and money?
What’s stopping the Taliban, ISIS and any other islamic extremist group from attacking and invading Israel?
If you had a pocket universe inside a bottle, what would you do with it and why?
Cloker in da bank what will he do?
What regional-specific versions of pizzas do you have in your country/state?
Who is the most famous person you have spoked to?
You can become someone for a day, who would it be?
Are you Pro-life or Pro-choice and why?
How can you go to America or get a job in America if you have commited a hate crime?
What is going on in the Gabby Petito case??
Where can one learn from a Native American reserve about culture and history that isn’t about just buying beads and trinkets other than books and museums?
If you could be an NPC in any game, where would you choose to live?
What was your moment of vulnerability that turned out better than you thought?
Weebs/Otakus of Reddit, why furries otakus/weebs are hated by other non furry otakus/weebs?
[Serious] What unwritten rules should every friendship follow?
(if you have one) what is the weirdest thing your son/daughter has said/done?
If you were given $100k, what would you do with it?
Straight men of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you have been told not to do because it "looks gay"?
How did you fuck up your life?
Dear White, Grey, and Black Hat hackers of the internet. Why do you do what you do?
People who actually send dick pics on dating websites, does it actually work for you? And if not, why are you doing it?
What’s the weirdest shit you found at a garage sale?
Grill Masters of Reddit, what's secret tip that you use to impress the casuals?
What is your best gift ever received?
What fictional character would be the absolute worst roommate?
Someone points a gun at your head and tells you to name one WNBA player. What's your response?
How do you say "How do you say.... without saying..." without saying "How do you say.... without saying..."?
What is the worst law your state or country has passed?
What is your crazy/unique morning routine that you do everyday?
People who voted for Trump in 2020, what do you think of him now?
Which night is the 21st night of September?
What brand are your favorite pair of sneakers?
What’s the alternative for “nobody asked”?
Cats have gained the ability to talk and are now allowed to live equally among humans in society with the same rights as any other US citizen. What happens as a result?
If you had to put a quote on your grave, what would that quote be?
Who is the best superhero ever?
Redditors that got divorced without a lawyer, what was the process like? Where there any hiccups or unexpected things that happened? If you were to do it again, would you hire a lawyer?
[Serious] What are some philosophical songs that really make you think about the universe and the meaning of life?
What would you buy with 1 billion?
What is the best way for dying? Pain doesn't matter. How'd you die in your dream?
Film Enthusiasts of Reddit, who do you think is the most overrated actor?
Which celebrities share similar features?
What is the thing that you find so good that you didn't want to try out other things similar to it or better than it?
What’s the one thing that made you believe in a slightly more magical world?
Why would ones neighbor smoke pot with your 14 year old but not with you?
What's your favorite memory of being in the car?
People who were homeschooled, what do you think are the pros and cons?
You've discovered that the buttered side of toast will always land on the ground, regardless of what's attached to the other side. What do you with your new found knowledge?
What is something that is ok to do when you’re 21 but less acceptable when you’re 31?
What is/was the worst fashion trend?
How do you determine who your true friends are?
Outside of the USA, what are the most popular non-American TV shows in your country?
People who live in/around Orlando, Fl., how do you really feel about Disneyworld and the associated tourism?
Fellow night owls, what's your hobby?
What musician's voice you can't stand?
What are your thoughts on Taoism? How would the world change if it became more popular in the West?
How do you handle nerves before a first date or meeting someone in person for the first time?
Reddit, what music genre pleases all your senses?
What games are the most pay to win?
What do you think is the greatest invention in human history?
You are forced to fight your most hated video game character, who are they and how will you fight them?
What’s something subtle which people do that pisses you off?
Where you ever hired for a job, but then refused it. Why?
What’s your dumbest secret?
People who grow their own potatoes, when do you usually harvest them?
What is the most overrated Chinese food item on the menu?
You get 1,000,000 $ if you kill someone WITHOUT breaking any laws. What do you do?
What is a deep dark secret nobody knows except for reddit ?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what is the weirdest experience you've ever had on a delivery?
How do you handle a chatty roommate?
What is the time right now in your country?
Pro Wrestling fans of Reddit, there has been much talk lately about performers unionizing for better pay and creative licensing. What are your thoughts?
If you have one ice cube and you cut it in half, how many ice cubes do you have? Would you have two halves of one ice cubes or two sperate ice cubes?
What's a suspiciously specific but wise-sounding reason to why you think humanity will be its own downfall?
What are the reasons why every human think they are special or the main character with a ego ?
What do you think would happen if we found parallel universe versions of the earth without humans?
Which current streaming service do you expect to fail in the next two years and why?
What is the thing that happened to you that is both funny and creepy as hell?
What's the most expired thing in your house right now?
The Library of Alexandria was an ancient library that contained all sorts of knowledge. One day you click on a link and discover its long lost scrolls. What do you search for?
What would happen if you stopped feeding your pet bird?
What is a problem that we still struggle with to this day that should've been solved many years ago, and is evidence that will be the downfall of humanity?
What man/woman made structure on earth amazes you the most for its complexity/engineering?
What's the thing you can say in Bedroom as well as the Dinner table?
What are some terrible opening lines?
What is the real percentage of americans that dont work?
You can only listen to one song for the rest of your life. What is it?
you get to add one game to possible nintendo 64 virtual console. what are you adding??
Who truly loves their family more: Tony Soprano or Walter White?
What is one positive thought you had today?
What’s your favorite quote ever?
What's the worst thing that you have done to a friend/ex friend?
What is your most memorable Reddit interaction?
What does someone have to do to get you specifically to like them more?
Without asking them directly
What wise words, insightful sayings, or best pieces of advice have you heard from a celebrity?
What underrated movie or tv show do you love?
What happened to the families from Extreme Makeover: Home edition? And how was being part of the crew?
What's a suspiciously specific but wise-sounding reason to why you think the internet will be the downfall of humanity?
Whose Line Is It Anyway Redditors, what comes to mind when "Ricky Ricardo and great cigars" are mentioned?
When are you planning to leave Reddit and do some serious shit in your life?
What was the situation in which you trusted your gut and it was right ?
In beer pong, if your team makes the last two cups and gets balls back does the opposing team get redemption or not and why?
What can make you angry?
People of reddit, how would you react if every crazy thing conspiracy theorists say turns out to be true?
With the recent tiktok trend of stealing from schools, What's the funniest/craziest thing stolen?
What joke would AI make and laugh about?
How long were your parents together?
What is the perfect video game sequel?
What is the most sold product on Amazon ?
[SERIOUS] Any advice for someone who is gonna be 25 soon?
From heroin to caffeine to cannabis and any other psychoactive, which drugs do you use daily?
How fast have you seen someone’s reputation go down the drain?
A skink is trapped under a dishwasher, how do you get it out without removing the dishwasher?
What's the best and worst when you live alone?
What do you miss?
What is the biggest scam you fell for?
With no respect from society, hate from celebrities, and the inessential nature of what they report, why would anyone want to be a celebrity journalist / be part of paparazzi?
You are suddenly trapped in the world of the last TV show you watched. Where are you and what do you do?
What is the joke you came up with that was incredibly hilarious and witty, but such an obscure reference / unique circumstance that no one else gets it until you over-explain it thereby making it completely unfunny?
[SERIOUS] How do you become pretty/beautiful as a female?
What number of (bot required wording) tattoos do you have and how many can you see while you're clothed?
What action made you realize that you're a grownup now?
What is the craziest correlation doesn't mean causation?
If you could pass any test with a 64%, from when you sit down to when you stand up, no matter how much you study or know, would you?
What “bad decision” did you make that literally saved your life in a subsequent incident?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What was the greatest moment from your time in school?
Reddit doctors, what are the symptoms that indicate someone is faking it?
People who like Almond Joy bars, why? and are you ready to except your eternity in hell for liking them?
what happens if youre fired from an apprenticeship/internship? does that mean that career path is out ?
How much do you know your inside?
If you were on death row what would your last meal be?
What do you really want to do right now?
When was the last time you cleaned your belly button?
What’s the best non-work thing to do on a saturday?
People who have been sexually assaulted or raped in the past, does this affect how you feel about sexual activity now?
If two mind readers read each other's minds at the same time, whose mind are they reading?
What is the meaning of life ?
What is the longest sleep you ever had?
what’s a weird ability you have?
What would you think of a movie told from the perspective of a blindman, where the screen is permanently black except for the intro and the credits? Would you watch it?
What is the worst song you could play at a funeral?
Which country in the European Union would be the best for a 20-year-old expat without a degree coming from the US to find a job?
How much does others change you?
What species would you remove from the ocean in an attempt to lower the sea level the most possible?
What's something only the rich can do?
What does snapchat TOS change mean for marijuana?
What are the two specialties of digital forensics?
What is the most messed up/disturbing movie that you still think about?
If everything in this world became edible, what would be the first thing you would try?
Do some people really support Incest IRL? If yes, who?
What is the most inapropriate lyrics in popular cartoon that you used to watch as a kid, but now you understand it differently?
What do you think would happen if every nuclear type weapon on earth spontaneously turned into an equivalent mass of glitter?
What’s the most iconic songs to listen to in your t top iroc z28 ?
If it were real life, who would Hermione have really ended up with?
Whats.a good way to adress stalking/harassment?
If you were guaranteed the answer to one question, what would it be?
If you could get rid of one, what gender norm/stereotype would you erase?
You can time travel and your phone will have the internet from ten years in the future, what will you search for first?
What is word besides "shrimp" that is both singular and plural?
Which dream did you have that ended too soon ?
Users of reddit. Why do you think people are now pissing on the counters of diary queen because they have to wear a mask inside?
What is the Goriest thing you have ever seen?
What makes you cry ?
Why there are audiobooks but not video books?
Have any of you actually ever made money from searching “how to make money / get rich” off google or YouTube?
How do you personally deal with a break-up?
What can you say while petting your cat that you can also say during sex?
What's something that NEEDS to be invented?
What is something we used to do regularly in the 2000s that is seen as weird nowadays?
How much have you added to the rulebooks over your lifetime?
What is the first thing you'd do if you could turn invisible, realistically speaking?
What is the most creepiest thing you have ever encountered ?
How do you get the Dow , Nasdaq , etc. to run on Robinhood ?
What incident made you feel your life got ruined for real and how did you get over it, if you did?
What is something that was a positive that came from COVID happening?
In your opinion, what is the worst video game mechanic?
What were you thinking about before you realized you have to pee?
What's the dumbest thing you've put in your malth?
What are some positive things happening in the world right now?
[Serious] When did the “class clown” go wayy too far?
What’s the most fucked up/shocking song you’ve ever heard?
Which album has an absolute banger of an opening track?
Whats your favorite slur?
Redditors who are in polyamorous relationship, what's the best and worst thing about it?
What is the worst time you laughed?
What is one scene from a show/movie that traumatized you as a child?
What should anyone say to become the top post in this community?
What is your depression song?
What situation to listen to your instinct saved your life?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
When you start thinking about something, how do you stop?
NSFW If you had to make food or beverage with cum, what would you mix it with?
What attention seeking behaviours make you roll your eyes?
What’s something you did when you were younger, only because your friend did it?
What is your favorite angry bird?
What was a good movie despite starring someone you typically don't like?
What Norm MacDonald joke is overlooked?
What are some really useful solutions to end religious and racial disparities among humans, and to focus only on humanity, in that aspect?
What’s the meaning of life?
What did you do at your marriage first night?
What's the best comeback to "damn that's crazy"?
What is a seemingly mundane question that you could learn a lot about someone from?
What annoys you about your family?
People who buy premium premium diesel/petrol, WHY?!
What frustrates you about the internet?
what is the most painful thing a family member has said/done to you?
You wake up naked on a stage in front of a jam-packed theater alongside Beyoncé who's hyping you up to the crowd. In front of you is some mayonnaise, a bag o chips, and a note telling you to provide the universe with an orgasmic ASMR experience or else everyone will die. How will you save the world?
What if there is a switch for dick erection?
What is the worst online store you have ever been to?
What has been the longest hangover you've ever had?
What does actually require talent and can't be learnt?
What’s that one hype train that you could never get on board with?
What is a famous slang in your city?
What is your most favorite book to read over and over again?
What few things you would like your baby to know about you when he/she grows up ?
People who were born as a result of an affair (your mom cheated on her husband and therefore, he is not your biological father), how did you react when you found out ? And how/why did you found out ?
What is the most sus fact about you?
Redditor’s, Why is Brad Pitt Always Eating In His Movies?
Story time, what is the most annoying thing your neighbors have complained about?
What is the point of bulking?
What’s something about rich people that you would probably never understand?
What's the craziest thing you like to dip or season your Chinese food with?
What game do you play the most on your phone?
What was the biggest sacrifice you made for your relationship?
How long on average did your relationships (before mariage) lasted ?
Health care professionals of reddit, what are your tips and tricks to not get sick?
Dead or alive. Which one famous person would you want to know the whole truth about?
What was the most interesting idea you had on the toilet?
What bad decision did you recently make and How did you fix or made it better?
What are you wearing right now?
Which sci-fi or supposed fantasy movies are likely based in reality (scenarios, devices, beings that the general public isn’t aware of yet)?
What is it like being young and unable to have kids?
What toys enhanced your sex experience the most?
What neat/useful items can you buy on Amazon for $15 and under?
what’s a conspiracy theory you wholeheartedly believe in, and why?
What animal did you see in real life, and think, wow, they are absolutely huge!?
What's your favourite, healthy snack food to munch on while relaxing on the sofa?
What is the one thing everyone should do before they die?
If Jedi falls asleep during his meditation, what is the first thing you, his master, say?
What haiku can you come up with on the spot to share how you are feeling right now?
Which is the better place to visit, Miami or Los Angeles, why?
This was asked of the men of Reddit a while ago so let’s flip it. Women of Reddit, you wake to find you are the last remaining woman there is on a planet now populated only by men. What do you do? How would that look?
what's the motive behind Pfizer rushing in booster dose?
What is the best advice you can give Someone?
Who’s a talented artist you just can’t stand and why?
What's your favorite movie that's a slowburn, which you never expected to be so good that you still remember it?
How are you feeling today?
What do you think is something a male should never do with a female?
What would you do if you woke up one morning and your genitals were gone?
Why are you still awake ?
Whats a embarrassing memory that nobody remember except yourself?
What makes you horny?
What is one tiny thing about the world you would change?
what non-fictional event had the greatest story arc?
What is the biggest freebi in your life?
What is the funniest thing you’ve done drunk/high?
What are some original pick-up line puns that could pick you up?
What actually offends you?
What album only has bad songs?
What's that weirdest situation you were thrown into?
American people of Reddit, as a confused Australian what are HOA’s and why do they exist?
What Do You Say To Prank/Scam Callers To Fuck with their brain?
People of reddit, whats the saddest thing that has happened to a friend?
Have you ever hated somebody really bad for whatever reason but they had a really good quality and it made it hard to hate them?
Guys of reddit, how do you deal with a rejection or heartbreak?
Parents of Reddit, what's the funniest thing your child did?
What are some scientific facts better told poetically?
You are an alien coming to earth and had no idea how common tools are intended to be used. How would you repurpose them?
What is your favorite riddle?
What is absolutely hilarious as long as it’s not happening to you?
Everyone who had lower back pain for longer period of time, how did it go away/how did you treat it?
you can have any super power you want but every second you use it removes 10 days from your life (using it for under a second removes a day). whats your super power and how do you use it?
In your opinion what's the best song of all time?
Type your name in urban dictionary, what comes up?
what is the army isekai from isekai quartet?
How do you know if a woman loves you?
Which video game has the most loyal community?
How do you know if a man loves you?
What could dictate the fact that a lot of men loves Morgan Freeman ?
People of reddit, what are your thoughts about finances of a couple? Should it be better if they use their money separately? Or should they combine it?
What was the office gossip before the pandemic hit?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done in front of a large crowd?
Where would you like to move one day?
There has always been questions and made fun of the dick size. Then how deep does the well goes?
So, you just accidentaly time traveled 10 years to the past. What would you? Who would you talk to?
You have become the most famous person in the world, but your fame comes from the very thing you are doing right now. What nickname will the world give you?
Teachers and Students of Reddit whats 1 thing that could greatly improve education where you are?
What’s the moment when you were confronted by a fear that you did not know you had?
Past and Present Students-what is one school assembly you attended but never forgot?
People that have the name Phuc or any other inappropriate sounding name in a different country, how do you deal with it?
What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
What is the most underrated US State?
How would your child become your parent?
How do you feel about Esoteric Hitlerism?
Redditors that have learnt a 2nd language, why and how did you do it?
You wake up one day and find 10 million dollars in your bank account, what do you do?
what’s the most entertaining but believeable lie you’ve told?
What is a song that no matter how many times you listen to, will make you tear up every time?
What is your ethnic background?
You can choose 10 ingredients that you can use to make food for the rest of your life. What ingredients do you choose and what dishes do you make out of them?
You're stranded on a deserted island, and your phone's battery is at 5%. What's the last thing you do on it before it dies?
what is a full-time career that pays well and takes less than 4 years of school?
If you fear death, why?
What age did you parents find out you had sex? and how?
What is your favorite R&B song?
Any tips on how to get unbanned from Instagram?
You’ve been shot. Your assaulter walks up to you and asks “any last words?” What do you say?
What’s something you feel pressured to like, but just don’t?
What are some pop culture references in movies that are overused but can still be good if done correctly?
What are your thoughts on a manufactured home being a good first home?
Which movie/series brings back a lot of your nostalgic memories?
When you finished school, how many of your school friends did you stay in touch with?
Is there a playlist on Spotify that you like for those nights where you just sit in the dark?
(Serious) What was the scariest moment you've experienced while camping or hiking?
What turns you on the most?
Straight guys of Reddit what is the most “gay thing” you ever done with another guy?
Which US State name would make a terrible first name for a person?
What recreational drug do you think is the best in terms of good experience versus cost?
Almost 80% of the ocean hasn’t been discovered. What are you most likely to find there?
What is stopping you from living the life that you dreamt about growing up, apart from money?
Redditors in STEM, what is your preferred way to pronounce data?
What Spider-Man movie was the greatest movie of all?
What’s your favorite myth or legend?
Redditors, what is ur favourite quote or a line that u live by?
In music, why has the term R&B become so broadly encompassing in the last 20 years?
Dying becomes illegal. What would you do now?
Which songs/album brings back your nostalgic memories?
How do you make someone stay when they don’t want to?
People who like mombods/dadbods, what features are you most attracted to in them ?
What's 10x Times Worse When Cut In Half?
Is it rude or impolite to ask someone (particularly those who work in hospitality or retail) to not call you sir or madam whilst they’re serving you?
How open would you be to getting a house or apartment for super cheap, but it's because the previous owner died a horrible death in it?
What are your most integral values?
Whats the most effective way to comfort someone when they’re crying infront of you?
What is something that you just recently realised ONLY your country does?
What is your favorite US State?
What did the worst boss you ever had do to earn that title?
Whats a reddit thing that makes you ANGRY?
What’s easier to do naked?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
About 80% of the ocean is still unexplored. What do you think is down there?
What weird dreams have you had?
when did you understand what "Enjoy the moment" means and how did you felt?
Which country has the easiest and simplest College curriculum?
When planning a roedtrip trough the US, which states are a must go see and why?
a lullabye's melody start playing out of nowhere, what will you do next ?
People of reddit, what is the best encounter that you have had with a stranger?
If the Evergrande bank collapses, will it cause a global recession, what are your thoughts?
What's the kindest way to tell someone they're annoying?
You have all knowledge of the past and future of the universe for 5 minutes, What would you write in a notebook?
if you hit shuffle on your largest playlist, what song plays?
How long did your relationship last after a marriage proposal rejection?
What do you love about fall?
What kind of job profiles/jobs should a "Jack of all trades, master of none" be looking for?
You have 1 week to live (trying to be realistic) what do you do?
What's the kinkiest thing you've ever done with your partner?
Reddit People, what do you think of this hypothesis "too much freedom is as destructive as too little freedom" ?
What do you think, if the day all rain?
What does equality between the sexes mean to you?
What are some of the things your employer would never openly tell it's clients/customers, or is actively trying to sugarcoat/whitewash/brush under the rug?
How sexy do you think you are ?
There one thing you want to do in this world so badly for only one time what is it ?
What are good jobs for a college student looking to do studying/homework on the job?
What is something you keep saying but don't know what it means?
If you could choose anywhere to teleport to instantly at this moment. Where would it be and why?
People who are friends with someone that work for the CIA or fbi how are they like?
What are some things that feel racist but aren't?
People talk about dodging a bullet, but when did you dodge a mullet?
What simple success makes you proud of yourself?
what's your favourite line from a movie/TV show?
What's the worst thing you have said through a confessional?
What's the most underrated song by the Beatles?
Which rule did everyone consider stupid and unnecessary, but turned out to be significant when someone had disobeyed it?
What are the types of love you can buy with money?
What are some of the funniest/strangest/wildest arguments you've seen on the internet?
What's the most perfect country in the world and why ?
If you were to die today, what’s the one thing you would regret?
what's the best metal band in your opinion?
What messed with your mood last?
What’s your most memorable “go talk to her” experience?
What's one thing that you think if more people did it would make the world a better place?
What is the most annoying thing you come across?
What do you love and what do you hate about being a parent?
If you could go back by 100 years, what would you do to get rich/famous?
What surprised you about the opposite sex?
You are a JRPG boss and a bunch of punk teenagers just defeated you. As you fade into dust and they search your remains, what loot do you drop?
What's the scariest moment you've encounter in your whole life?
(To virgins only..) What are your thoughts on virginity and how important it is in your opinion? How do you feel about being a virgin?
How does the attention span run out if we still have plenty of attention?
What's the last video game you remember buying a physical copy of in-person?
What makes a person unattractive?
What is the most excruciating pain the human body could feel?
What’s a game that changed you as a person?
Whats the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
What does Reddit think about men weight training?
Why do you hate insects so much?
is it normal to cum while you are sleeping and why?
What do you do with the loneliness?
Whats the worst thing you have been asked to do online?
What is the one thing that makes you happy every time ?
How would you give someone a headache only by using words?
if you could pick a fictional character to make it real which would it be?
Which Cartoon Character is the most Hated?
What's in your stomach right now?
What does your pet get annoyed about?
What’s your go to first date anecdote?
What is a random but repeating thought that you have?
How do you maintain eye contact while talking to someone?
When was the last time you shit your pants?
People of reddit what type of style screams "I am a douche"?
What are some fun open ended questions to ask during first dates?
Where do you buy your clothes?
People of Reddit how to tell the ghost to piss off?
If you were to have a superpower, which superpower would you have and why?
[Serious] Some people would say that you should only use violence to defend yourself and others while other people would say you should strike first before a situation gets out of hand. What do you think is the right answer?
What are the most silly excuses that you have heard to justify being late for work or school?
Hey Reddit! What is something that your country is doing right now that's pretty cool?
If your life is adapted into a feature movie, what will be a suitable title?
After you die, what would be the consequences of people reading your browsing history if your friend did not delete it?
Why do you think pets are important in human life?
What foods do you think makes you smell the worst no matter how good it tastes ?
Whats one thing you can get all the money you ever spent on it back, but you can never use it again?
If your Reddit username was another person, how would the sex be?
Impress your kidnappers with a fun fact and they will set you free! What will you be sharing?
What movie plot would become irrelevant if they had modern technology?
What country seems perfect but really isn't?
When trying to make your house colder, do you A: turn the AC down, or B: turn it up?
If your username was a person, what would they be like?
What’s everyone’s opinion on NYC ?
What meme has been reposted so many times it is no longer funny?
Why the fuck is everyone appending things like "Thoughts?" or "Your Opinion?" to questions on this sub that are already a complete sentence asking for thoughts or opinions?
How do you say "get off my lawn!" without actually saying get off my lawn?
What’s the worst itch you’ve felt?
Apart from your home country, what is the best country in the world in your opinion and why?
How dangerous could a genetically engineered virus be made, using today's technology, if the goal was to develop the most lethal and contagious virus possible?
How are you doing?
What color do you taste when you eat Pork?
Reddit, what do love about sports?
What would your las Reddit post be?
How much control do you have over your life and what makes you say that?
[Serious] Medical professionals of reddit, when a loved one is sick does your mind go to medical professional mode or family member mode? and why?
What's a moment/story you're parents have told others and made it seem like you were the bad guy when that wasn't the case? And what really happened?
If you could buy anything, what would it be?
what are some funny answers for what do you do for a living?
What subject should they start teaching in school?
REDDIT. You suddenly switch places with your pet. What chaos ensues?
Write a punchline to this. Why is there a shortage of truck drivers?
straight people who is a celebrity of the same gender you have a crush on and why?
Servicemen/women of reddit, what was the most terrifying thing you experienced while on the job?
What is widely misunderstood?
What's the most you have done to impress your crush?
What's the best instance of "play stupid games win stupid prizes" you've ever seen?
Former conspiracy theorists what made you stop believing in conspiracies?
If you had the magic notebook from scribblenauts what’s the first thing you’d do?
What is the worst or good thing your neighbors did to you or in the neighborhood?
What did someone say to make you feel old?
Which emotion can you highlight from your whole life?
Redditors, which superheros stories do you like DC or Marvel and why?
Ladies of reddit, do people stare at your chest mid-conversation? If so how to make it stop?
Minorities of Reddit, if someone instantly turned into a minority for the rest of their lives tomorrow, what advice would you have for them?
Zookeepers of reddit, what's your least-favorite animal to work with?
If you had a choice to marry a virgin, but whom you do not know and a girl who has already had sex before and with you and you know her, who would you choose?
What is something that you love about yourself ?
On an hypothetical planet, tidal locked to its star, how could a civilization measure time, since there would be no day/night cycle, nor any periodic events ?
Which real or fictional weapon can solve most of your problems?
What you should never say to a woman?
What is hiding in your walls?
Who is the strongest video game character?
What’s the best experience you’ve had on drugs?
What makes a movie rewatchable to you?
What is AUKUS and why is France angry?
Couples who’ve rushed into things, how is it now ?
Who would you take into space with you?
What's your genuinely worst quality as a person?
What's your worst experience with Windows 10?
If you were a pornstar, what would your name be?
What is a conspiracy theory that you 100% believe?
What would you say to your parents if they found out that you are a porn actor/actress?
Is virginity an outdated concept if so why (and if not, why not) ?
What's so dumb that you can't even call yourself dumb after hearing it?
Who would be the last person you wish to talk to before dying?
People that weren’t in the military or police or emt what happened that gave you ptsd or what you believe to be ptsd?
Where are you and how did you get there?
If you could blip one song out of existence, which song would it be?
What's most iconic song about Paris?
How does a transaction in foreign currency take place?
What do you think about the espionage charges during the cold war
How different would the world be if billionaires were put in zoos?
Censorship has skyrocketed in the digital realm over the past decade. What was your best memory of the early years on the internet?
What song do you unironically like?
What are TVevangelists doing with all the milllions of dollars they collect?
People who kept attracting abusers: how did you break the trend?
How much is enough?
How would the perception of covid appear if the media and governments didn’t represent the dangers of it as they have?
What would you say to trigger a whole fanbase?
Redditors, what are the most disturbing true things and stories you ever saw online?
Ladies of Reddit, if you woke up with a 2 foot long lumber jack beard that you couldn’t shave off how would your life change?
You have 48 hours to hit the most devious lick ever, how do you pull it off?
People who stayed in their family home for college/university, what are the pros and cons of it?
When you see perfect cable management, what goes through your mind?
What's the best cartoon you've ever seen?
What is your hangover prevention or cure?
What seemingly unrelated problems have you faced that turned out to have the same cause?
What's the first memory you remember as a baby?
What was the biggest confession you had to make in your life? How did you do it?
What do you like seeing on Onlyfans? What turns you on?
What is the creepiest/strangest place in your home town?
People who make fake scenarios in your head, what will you do if a man/woman way out of your league starts talking to you?
How do you deal with puppy crying in crate at night?
What do you do about your significant others overbearing parents?
What’s one thing you’d wouldn’t want to hear when your mom walks into your room?
What’s your favorite sex positions?😌
What are some rules at your workplace, that don't make sense?
While scrolling pornhub, you found your doppelganger. What's your course of action?
If there was a newspaper called "trust me bro" what would be written in it?
What is one policy change that, if enacted, would significantly improve your country?
What's your favorite memory of a loved one that has passed?
How would you like to be remembered?
What is one human nature that won't disappear?
What is your top priority during a zombie apocalypse?
What is the most petty thing you’ve done out of anger/spite towards your SO?
If you could learn any two languages other then English what would they be?
What are some weird kinks/fetishes that you guys have?
Photographers. What's the difference between ISO and Exposure Compensation?
What would you do if you could go back to high school, like a time travel?
How is it a good thing that your animated TV pilot gets rejected?
What does Reddit think about the usage of disposable plastic?
What would you tell the world before and after achieving greatness in all areas of your life ?
What is the worst realistic dream you have had? What happened?
What is Reddits favorite sound?
Who is the best narrator in a movie or book?
who's your celebrity crush and why?
If every animal in the world turned into a human, what would happen?
How would you react if your significant other woke you up by shoving a hot glue gun up your nose and pulled the trigger?
What will happen to a kid who swallows a coin?
What is the most brain dead thing you’ve ever seen someone do?
What was that one YouTube video you thought was absolutely amazing, until you showed somebody else?
What is your most awkward experience in an elevator?
How vulgar was Vladimir Ilych 'Lenin' Ulyanov when he was in private conversation?
Without telling your age, who was/is your pornstar crush?
What kinds of ads actually work on you?
What matters to you the most in life?
Where did you find your wife and how can the rest of us get one?
Imagine that time travel is invented, and everyone on earth is given the chance to choose whether they'd like to remain in the current time, or go live in the past or future. Would you choose to stay or go, and if you left, when would you go and why?
What Would Your Dream Home Look Like?
What are you convinced is true but cannot prove?
What are your biggest "boy, that DE-escalated quickly" stories?
Which YouTube video changed your life (include a link and short description)?
According to you, what is COVID?
Valets of Reddit, what is your favorite or most memorable experience?
How do you say shut up in a peaceful way that nobody notices and the person becomes quite?
What would be a rumour that you'd start about yourself?
What do you use disposable plastic for?
What would you do if you woke up in your favorite video game world?
What’s a time you definitely should’ve been fired from your job but didn’t?
At what point in your life did your own self awareness about your surroundings become increased?
What do you say if you fart in class?
How has a celebrity's death made you change the way you life your life?
Redditors, what would be the first thing you would say if you were a person living 10,000 years ago, around when agriculture was invented?
If Seinfeld were made today who would be cast?
What the good person and bad person have in common?
What's the worst encounter you had with a reddit mod, and what sub were they a mod of?
What quote or song lyric perfectly encapsulates how your life has gone so far?
How do you say ‘’Your room is so dirty’’ without saying bad words?
How would World War II have been different if Joe Biden was commander in chief of the USA?
ladies do you wear lingerie and why?
Whats that one song that also just makes you hyped to do something?
"what's your favorite scary movie?" And why?
What is the pettiest thing you’ve done to get revenge on a neighbor?
What is your worst housemate experience?
What should be illegal but isn’t?
People who took life or health insurance recently, what kind of new questions do they ask during this pandemic?
Who was your first love and why did it end?
What is the best stuff of your treasures?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever seen a friend do?
In your opinion, What is the most least known US State?
What is a theory of yours?
What games has the least toxic/friendliest community?
[Serious] What advice do you have for someone experiencing a quarter life crisis?
What is the greatest Jazz song of all time?
You wake up in rundown barn in the middle of nowhere with a bloody axe in your hands, what do you do next?
For those who experienced childhood emotional neglect, how has it shaped your life?
Dear Redditors, what is a interesting thing you did that is illegal in your life?
Which actor has the highest ratio of fame to credits - ie best known with fewest movies?
what was your best experience with your grandma?
What is the most violent gang in history?
What's your favorite cell organelle?
What’s the best RPG video game to just randomly explore?
Why do you want to marry ?
What’s something that your regret to this day, but isn’t really a big deal ?
What is the Holy Spirit?
If you had one Get Out Of Jail Free card, what would you do?
How can someone who is broke until next week ask for a helping hand or food?
What are some things that sound dangerous but are totally safe?
What’s something that your family can never know of?
What's the best thing about being human?
What words you thought was cool to use until you learnt their meaning?
Who is the least funny, most famous comedian in past 20 years?
If there was a room where objects represent you're recent searches, how would the room look like?
Who is the most powerful individual alive, that you can name?
How Do You Find Trusted Product Reviews?
Couples of Reddit what was the best way you significant other said “I love you” without saying “I love you”?
What is your favorite car from the 1940s decade?
anybody who's a belly dancer did you learn to do it?
If you had to create an advertisement for an already existing/well known product, but you could only create an advertisement that would sabotage the product, what would the advertisement for said product say?
80% of the universe's dark matter is now replaced with hydrogen and helium. What will happen next?
alien invade china. how does china and the world react?
who is a terrible actor/actress that sold only one roll very convincingly?
What modification would you make to a sport to make it more interesting and fun to play/watch?
How did you tell your family/friends that you are no longer following their religion?
Men: How do you use a urinal without splash damage?
if you could do anything what would it be?
Which horror game has the most pathetic jump scare?
What is your favorite car from the 1950s decade?
[Serious] Why do you think it's so hard to stop bullying? Particularly online bullying?
What if algebra was never invented?
What is that one movie which made you motivated and change the POV of your life?
Who do you want to play James Bond next?
If you meet aliens which thing will be in your mind at that very moment?
Men of Reddit, when you walk up to a urinal do you pull out just peen? Both peen and sack, or just sack to go pee?
What is your favorite sour candy?
Physicists of reddit, what is the most infuriating and unrealistic physics you’ve seen in a movie or tv show?
What if when we die we go unconscious and we dream our whole life over again because thats what our brains have to draw from?
What is your favorite chocolate candy?
Whats your unlucky number?
What's the most annoying sound?
What film best represents a season?
What things do you find embarrassing for no reason?
What classic album is highly overrated?
What is the nastiest thing to do?
You can make a videogame but your worst enemy gets 70 percent of the credit what type of videogame will you make ?
What random thing pisses you off?
What is your favourite album of all time?
When did you realize that life isn't fair?
What is the most useless thing that you bought that you would buy again?
What is the wierdest job u have ever seen/did?
Breathers of reddit, why do you keep doing that?
How did you become happy?
What or who lights you up?
If you could live for 24 hours inside the Harry Potter universe as a witch / wizard, what would you be most keen to do in the time you had?
People of Reddit, What is the difference between fat and chubby?
How has your ability to maintain a clean and tidy home as an adult been shaped by your experiences of housework/chores as a child?
What is the best Beef Jerky Brand?
What was your "I wont forgive you, but I will help you" moment?
What’s something that a lot of people are missing out on because they don’t know about it?
What is something that screams; "I have a bunch of corpses in the my basement"?
You have a chance to be a youtuber with a 100 percent chance of success but 50 percent of the audience will find mistakes in it what would you post?
What if we homo sapiens went extinct??
What allows force to make things move?
What foods did you always think you hated, but it just turns out you'd only tried a bad version of them?
What movie or tv-series did you really enjoy at some point, but found to be absolute shit upon re-watching?
What is something you hope to see before you die?
You can flirt, you can tease, you can make people laugh. But how do you 'seal the deal' and make it clear you want to take them to bed?
What would have happened if we didn’t need money to survive?
How do you shut down a public hate forum?
What's something that you truly started appreciating to have been able to do, after COVID-19 happened?
what’s the weirdest item for sale you’ve seen on a store shelf?
Why are you so defensive?
Where to watch the film 'The Snowman' about a man who goes to the South Pole and comes back a different person?
Where do you draw the line?
Who wants a viable third political party in the USA?
How do you start off making perfect beats for beginners?
What have you seen that you can't unsee?
What is a job that requires little human interaction and no degree?
What to do with a family member who refuses to believe that he is infected with Covid?
What was the worst thing you did while being drunk?
Ask Reddit, why does every previous generation push the next generation into the dirt?
What are the real benefits (if any) of stopping to watch porn?
If you were sent back 10,000 years in the area you are now with no people around and surrounded totally by nature, what would you eat?
Would you marry a person who is less successful than you?
People who collect things, what will happen to your collection after your death?
Is poutine generally available in restaurants outside of Canada? If not...why not? Who wouldn't agree it's a superior preparation for French fries?
What is a small daily life problem/inconvenience that you have a great solution for and want others to know about?
Taxi drivers of Reddit, what was your most memorable fare?
What styles are fashionable now in Europe vs North America?
How was your first time being drunk? And why were you drunk?
What was your favorite cartoon show as a kid?
What is your technique to get everything you want?
Fathers of Reddit have you seen your daughter doing an adult film? What was your reaction?
What was your best birthday experience?
What do you want for christmas gift this year ?
Which TV show in your opinion had the best first season?
Best place to get a tattoo and which tattoo would suit it?
What's the biggest police fuck up of all time?
People of Reddit: What is the most absurd/despicable thing a “parent in law” has ever said/done to you?
What is the source of our thoughts ? Are we really in control of our thoughts or we are just puppets?
if you could bring one person from history back to life in today's world who would they be? and why?
What"s your same day best day/worst day of your life?
What are the best and worst parts of living in a city?
If someone is harassing you on Reddit and you block them, can they still reply to your posts and comments? Or can you just not see what they wrote?
How much time do you spend online, and on what apps/websites?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
If your SO didn’t know your Reddit account, would you prevent them from finding it? Why or why not?
What are some not-so-obvious signs of gaslighting?
[SERIOUS] If someone has been that has been abusive towards you gets diagnosed with a terminal illness later on, how would you feel?
What was the best dump you ever took?
People that have served time, what was going through your mind while the judge was sentencing you?
What advice seems to be logically correct but not practical at all?
People of reddit If you could make any weapon what would it be?
What is the most ridiculous reason your parents didn't/don't let you do something?
If any country were to take over the world tomorrow which one would you prefer and why?
If you could create a new word what would it be? And what would be its meaning?
What's a cool word you recently discovered?
Men of Reddit, if your dick says a catchphrase everytime it gets hard, what would it be?
People of reddit what are your funniest/most embarrassing school stories?
What are the consequences of using the kanji symbol on the back of Goku’s uniform in DBZ for a product?
Out of 5 stars, How would u rate your school life?
What is the dumbest cancel ever?
What were the most shocking human experiments in history?
Have you ever just busted a nut and sat there wordlessly contemplating life and how your life ended up like this ?
what food is your good for the tongue but bad for the body?
People of Reddit, how is life with a girlfriend?
What is the last book you read?
what deserves all the hype?
How do you show your affection?
What are your top 5 favourite movies of all time?
What’s your “I Love Democracy” moment? What’s the story?
How often do you look at a world map?
Scientists (both hobby and professional), what do you think the coolest, most fascinating branch of science is and why?
What would be a thing you would watch on Twitch that has never been done?
Do you think a married person can be friends with the opposite sex and hang out with them alone without problems coming up? Why or why not?
How was your day? What happened?
As we have seen in Portugal legalising drugs leads to people seeking help for addiction, takes a lot of the criminal element out of the equation, brings in legal taxable revenue and makes the drugs consumed safer. What are the reasons you would support or reject this approach in your country?
What would you do if your were in a Groundhog Day style time loop?
A tiny fluffy cute kitten just meowed at you right now. What is your reaction and why?
If there was one subreddit which you'd mention while getting your friends to install Reddit, which one would it be?
How do you teach an adult to be less materialistic?
What is the name of the unofficial music video in which there are 2 priests with gold chains rapping?
What are you paranoid about that you shouldn’t really be paranoid about?
What hobby do you have that you recommend everyone tries?
What's the latest truth that you said got you into trouble?
What’s a funny memory you distinctly remember?
What is an underrated ice cream combination?
Managers, what do you do to ensure your employees are happy?
What is a cool science fact you know?
What was your favorite thing that you did today?
what if you had a choice to live in one atmosphere all your life, what would it be ?
What do you hate?
What are your opinions on the godlike country of Seychelles?
What is the worst video game that you love?
What is it like to see a ghost?
What's your favourite "guilty pleasure" TV show? Why do you like it so much?
What is the practical reason for the holy trinity? When the Bible was written why was god written as three people/ beings? Is there any chance that is a misinterpretation or false translation of what was written?
What is the male equivalent of ‘hurtin forra squirting’?
People of reddit, What is your late night thinking/shower thinking?
In your language, what do you say when you're trying to invite an unknown cat to come closer?
What is the biggest lie someone has told you and what happened when you confronted them?
What do you know about the nation of Tajikistan?
What is Not so Fun fact ?
Possible trigger warning! People of reddit, whats your story?
Who is the most overrated actor (male or female)?
When conversing with someone, what is an immediate turn-off?
Redditors, what are some ways you saw someone spell/write/type lactose intolerant incorrectly?
What is the weirdest way to start a conversation?
You can save the world by sexually satisfying our alien overlords - how would you ensure Earth's victory?
In which subreddit did you SMILE alot??
Dear Reddit, what’s your best remedy to avoid being gassy ?
What is your go to conversation starter when approaching an attractive stranger?
What if you eat to much food and your stomach hurts and you feel like vomiting?
What’s the best advice you can give?
Don't shy telling the truth. How was your experience watching F9?
Which places would you travel if you had million dollar to spend on vacation and holidays?
What random Phisical characteristic is very attractive for you?
People of Reddit, what current mood are you in at the moment?
What movie had the worst contrivance?
When was the last time you were truly happy?
Which war crimes were the worst in history?
If Jesus was alive today what would his favorite food be?
What "Red Flags" did you totally miss in your past relationships? And why?
What would you choose, Super-Strength or Super-Durability?
in your opinion, what is an album with all bad songs?
As a follow-up, what non-English album do you consider to be perfect?
Disney Parks cast members of Reddit, what's the strangest thing a child has asked you while on the job?
How often do you allow yourself to sleep in?
How do you feel about higher density housing?
Tell reddit what makes you feel cringe and makes you feel nostalgic in videogames?
You’re driving down a dark road when out of nowhere you hit something that may have resembled a person, nobody’s around, what do you do?
If you had to build a superhero/villain, what would they look like?
How did you find out about Reddit?
You have 60 seconds to hide from an FBI agent, if he finds you he gets to arrest you, but if he doesn't you get $1,000,000, where do you hide?
Fellow men of Reddit, how long can you last ? And when was the last time you had sex ?
Why are you using Reddit?
what’s the difference between porno and real life sex?
Who's your favorite comedian?
What are your pet's favorite toys?
What are your thoughts on Bill and Bob Clark?
How would the US government be different if it was entirely replaced with redditors?
What things you like and dislike about Indian foods?
You’re given the opportunity to ask one question at the Miss America pageant, whats the most ridiculous question you would ask?
What’s the worst TV show theme song?
What's the most cringe thing you've done recently?
Have you ever broken a law - what’s your story haha?
Hey reddit users, what’s the best way to purchase concert tickets?
What’s your favorite inside joke?
What’s your favorite pen tip?
Forrest Gump is one of the most popular movies of our time. What year do you think it will be viewed for the last time ever and why is that year your choice?
What was your most embarrassing situation in bed?
People of Reddit, what's the worst decision you've ever made?
What does continuity mean in the context of Cartesian dualism?
What song lyrics haven’t aged well?
What is your Luke warm opinion, your not so hot take?
People of Reddit, if you could give the middle finger to anyone, alive or dead, who would it be? Why?
People that still have grandparents, what was it like growing up with them?
What is something cute and trendy if you’re rich but stigmatized if you’re poor?
If you could time travel, where would you go?
What’s something that you feel like you have to pretend to like?
When did you regret telling the truth?
What is the most unusual thing you do regularly?
If Marijuana was a Girl/Guy, what would their Name be, what would their Personality be like?
What do you collect and why?
What's the most depressing thing a friend has ever told you?
What does the act of smell feel like?
What do you think about the “get them help and support” button here on reddit?
If The United States were to change its name, what should the new name be?
What should we avoid wasting our money on at Disneyland or Disney World?
Why or why not do you think humans should have monogamous relationships?
Hey Reddit, What are some good anime movie recommendations?
What's a bad thing you've been really tempted to do but managed to stop yourself from doing?
What's the most unique/funniest way you and a good friend met?
What is the best way to keep in control of your emotions?
What affects do you think having a reddit account has had on your brain?
What's typical bedtime attire for you and in your country?
What's something your family used to do that you thought was normal but was actually incredibly weird? When did you realize it wasn't normal?
What do you think was the worst toy created for kids?
If you could change your career path what career would you choose?
What is something you did once that is in your live forever?
What is the weirdest thing that gave you an orgasm (sex excluded)?
What you would be now (professionally) if you had followed your dream and passion VS what you are now ??
What discontinued fast food item should be brought back?
If you could be transported to any fictional place, where would you go and why?
If you had the choice to make a video with one Pornstar who would it be ?
If your name is bramhomida, what would your middle name be?
What's something you could add to mac and cheese because for some reason you decided to make some at 10:40 p.m?
What are some things that can only be accomplished when in a group?
If there was a zombie apocalypse and you could only grab one thing to fight with, what would it be and why??
What is your go-to meal/food you crave when you have a hangover?
What dreams affected your waking life?
What is a secret, that was not important but you kept it anyway?
What body part would we benefit the most from having another one of it? ?
What if corporate/product mascots were not only real, but the CEOs of their respective companies?
What would you name a Halloween themed twitch stream?
How does a introvert go about asking out his school crush who is also quiet?
What would you be doing if we fast forward to 2030 ?
What is something your parents have no clue about?
In your opinion, what is a movie where you can tell that the actors are having fun in their roles?
If you could go back in time, and warn one person about 9/11 who whould it be?
Without saying the name, what is your favorite restaurant famous for?
What is are some differences between Seattle and Portland?
What do you think are Nide scene in Movies and shows are real or just made by computer?
Simps of Reddit, how is No Simp September so far?
You can see your toe and hurt in what is the it's a nice flavor and?
People who work at companies that get constantly trashed, memed or hated by the internet. Are other employees conscious of it? How you deal with that?
What would a believable 2025 newspaper headline be?
What was your near death experience?
What was your childhood's biggest "they see me rollin, they hatin'" -moment?
Strippers and Sex Workers on Reddit, how is your pay and do you enjoy what you do?
What’s something you will never forgive your parents for?
What's a piece of advice that you heard when you were young and still follow to this day?
If you had to assassinate one famous/well-known person, who would be your "victim"?
What’s the best compliment you have ever given to your pet?
What will you do if you have only an hour left to survive?
What would you do if a killer is below your room, ( with a knife ) and you HAVE to take a dump?
Which is your favourite moment in the tv show Friends?
What is a movie with a 10/10 montage?
What is your best and worst pick up lines?
Lizards of Reddit, why do you get on window ledges and windows just to die?
Your life is a reality tv show, what genre is it?
What is your earliest memory from when you were a small child?
Who is One Actor/Actress that could be in any and every movie, and you still wouldn't think it's THEIR movie?
What are the best or most creative homecoming pick up lines you have ever heard?
What is the worst thing you have done for your own advantage?
What was the most memorable compliment that someone gave you? What was it about the compliment or situation that made it memorable?
If you killed someone how you will get rid of the body?
What are some fun ways to enter a location?
When do you usually shower/bathe, and why?
What is your most-used sub and why?
You are going to die in an hour . What is your last wish before your death?
When life is very busy, what is the best way, you will say, is to ask your busy wife (partner) for sex?
What message/text did you accidentally send to someone who wasnt intended to be the recipient?
What really grinds your gears?
If Cedric The Entertainer had to play a batman villain, which villain should be play?
What sorts of addictions do kids with low self-esteem engage in?
Honestly how long does humanity have left until the earth is no longer habitable ?
What is your favorite word, and why?
When was the last time you were forced to admit to someone you lied to them? And what happened?
How do you tell someone their food sucks, without hurting their feelings?
What do you think about UFOs?
What do you genuinely believe in despite contrary belief?
What changes would 1 million dollars have in your life?
When is a person's personality/character considered their true personality?
What is one thing (that you own) that you should never let anyone borrow?
People that are currently in a relationship, how did your relationship start?
Having gotten a superpower, what would you do if there were no consequences to your actions?
In which movie(s) do you think the sound FX/sound track "makes" or "breaks" the movie?
What’s the household chore you hate the most?
What is the best video game in your opinion?
If you could erase one mistake from your past, what would it be?
while your pretend talking to your dog. your dog talk back. they reveal that they a dog serial killer. who have kill 3 other dogs. how would you react?
What was one thing you missed about the 40s?
Hey Reddit. How's your mental health these days?
What's an animal a lot of people hate, but you love?
What was your first car?
Which snack Crackers are your favorite?
Anyone know where Cody is from the Daddyofive Youtube channel is now?
American Redditors, do you tip on takeout orders, why or why not?
What attributes make a guy attractive to girls?
What nostalgic commercial do you really miss?
What is a rumor that your school made about you?
What is the best way to spend weekends indoors?
What’s a brand new flavor you discovered?
What is an example if an Actor / Actress who was born to play a role?
If your pet could give you a nickname, what would they call you?
Gamers of Reddit, what is yout favorite Video Game boss fight?
What is your favorite song that you cant sing?
What is your favorite memory from school?
Life is one big D&D campaign. You get a free Nat 20 to use however you want. What do you do?
Who do you want to spank?
What comes to mind when you hear the word “America” ?
Doctors, when you or someone you know gets sick, are you able to just do the diagnosis yourself, or do you need another doctor to do it? Why?
What do you think of guys that wear men thongs, G strings and jockstraps?
What food are you hardcore craving right now?
If a Kangaroo is the closest body shape animal to a Trex, how do we know that Trexs didn’t hop around like kangaroos do?
Where was your favorite place to count stars as a child? What is your best memory you had from this activity?
If you had 10 mins left to live and had to pick a song to listen to, which song would you choose and why?
Reddit, what is your life changing sports moment?
What do you fear the most?
Whatever happened to those weird kids that drank Hansen’s sodas?
What is something you struggle with and can't understand how nobody else does?
What is a single book that made a real change in your life?and how?
Phones of Reddit, why do you go off at **3** in the flippimg morning?
What was one thing you missed in the 70s?
Do you think Trump will win th 2024 election? Why or why not?
What comes to your mind when you hear "Siberia"?
What would happen if you go back in time and touch your past self?
Which is that movie/show u wish have never ended?
What's the most useful hobbies. Lets say in this secenario best hobbies for a person living in treehouse in middle of woods?
What is your sexual hangup?
Citizens of Reddit, what's the most painful thing you've been told?
The 1920's was referred as "The roaring twenties" , what would you call the 2020's?
How did you restart your life somewhere new?
What hours do you consider inappropriate for a colleague to send you a text message?
What is the most you’ve won on a scratch off?
What is the adult version of TP-ing?
[Serious] For those of you who don't like who you are, why?
How does the music industry work?
You're a snowflake, what's special about you?
What 5 star Character/Weapon/Artifacts you have, which you are really proud of in Genshin impact ?
What video game deserves a sequel or prequel it hasn't got yet?
What is the most fattening, unhealthy food that you have ever ate?
Horror fans: What is the most graphic movie you own?
Which is better baked than deep-fried and vice versa?
What did you walk away/disengage from, where later it turned out to be the right choice?
How long can you last on bed?
What were your experiences with reoccurring dreams?
What’s a scary movie that is actually scary?
What song is stuck in your head at the moment?
What's that one thing that goes wrong in most of the relationships?
What are some tips(safety/life) to keep in mind as an international student in a new country?
[NSFW] 80+ year old virgins of Reddit, how does it feel to be twice as sad as that character played by Steve Carell?
What simple tasks do you struggle with?
What philosophers had great advice for handling pain?
Telling someone that something they said or did made your day, how often does it end up truthfully being the actual highlight of your day. Are you a "you made my day" slut, handing them out to everyone or do they have to earn it?
What do you hate most about the person you are currently in a relationship with or married to?
What made you break celibacy/ abstinence?
Who is someone that is generally perceived to be drop dead gorgeous whereas you acknowledge that they're attractive but don't otherwise think they're all that hot?
What is your worst day ever?
What happened the time you got WAY too drunk or high?
What's a super power that sounds weak on paper but in the right hands could be pretty terrifying?
Someone comes in sleepy with an attitude with you what do you do?
Dogs of Reddit, why do you bark at nothing?
What is the circumference of a prismacolor colored pencil?
Who does history hold up as being a great person or hero but in reality they weren't?
How different would it be if people only live up to 30 today?
What if the shoo was the what and shuwop as well in the middle of the?
Women of reddit, do you find men without pants/short shorts hot ? Why or why not ?
What’s a fact you know that people find strange or makes you seem weird?
What time has Politics ruined a friendship between you and someone else?
What's your response to "If your friends jumped off a bridge, would you do it too?"
What food would be horrible if eaten cold?
What are easy healthy habits to form?
Who in your life is your right hand and why?
What is the best food to get at 2am after a party?
What movie _needs_ to be a musical?
Christians Turned atheists, what made you lose faith, and Atheists turned christians what gave you faith?
If you were given the opportunity to merge two species of animals and give them any name, what species would merge and what would they be called?
What task management software is used at Google?
what's that single thing u would like to change about yourself?
What is your hobby?
What is the best / most powerful super power you can think of?
Which book deserves to be made into a movie?
Hating Nickelback has become a thing nowadays. When and How did it start?
What is the funniest commercial you've ever seen?
Why Are You Not Asleep?
What's a music artist that you'll never stop listening too?
What is something you are hiding from your partner and hope they never find out?
How often do Redditors carefully write thoughtful comments, but never post them and, more importantly, why?
They give you the opportunity to communicate and control an animal species to dominate the world, what species would you choose and why?
If you could have your dream car, what would it be?
With the current inflation rate, how secure is your social security?
First thing that comes to mind when you hear the word “Africa” ?
What's that one cringey thing you did years ago that still keeps you up at night?
Being kind to others feels so good, then why is not everyone kind?
How do you deal with anxiety caused by climate change ?
Who’s better in there particular sport: Wayne Gretzky in Hockey or Lionel Messi in football?
What will happen to the world if we replace all current politicians with community service leaders who really care about people?
What embarrassing thing were you caught doing in public when you thought nobody was around, but someone saw you?
What are the parameters of free will? How far reaching are the consequences of determinism?
What is the most fucked up subreddit you've ever entered?
If you could un-invent one thing, what would it be and why?
You randomly are transported back in time to the year 250 BCE, with everything you’re wearing or have on you right now. How do you improve quality of life for the people you stumble upon?
If governments all came to an end what’s the first thing you would do?
What's the most embarrassed you've ever been on a date?
What movie messed you up so much that you cannot bring yourself to watch it again?
For any non-medical person who has used a AED, what was your experience?
What was the worst secondhand embarrassment you felt for someone? What happened?
What's a gift you would never want to recieve?
In your opinion, what is something that needs to stop being made into movies?
What happens if you don't list a GPA on the resume?
How does one cope with discovering that one’s spouse doesn’t like the muppets?
What do you prefer, shaven or bush?
People of Reddit, what are somethings that companies who put ad on youtube dont realize ?
What relatively normal name have you not encountered in real life yet?
Women of Reddit, how many profiles on dating apps do you look through each day?
What’s the one thing you love about your SO that you absolutely can’t live without now that you’ve experienced it?
What is a status-symbol in your industry that the rest of us wouldn’t understand?
Why Why Why do Why do Whi things happen and people do stuff and things why?
What is that one movie or show villian that will always have a special place in your heart?
What do you think is the shortest route to saving the world?
What's a video game that you got stuck on & could never seem to progress?
If you had to decribe yourself as an ice cream flavour, which would you be and why?
Redditors who’s parents (or relatives) were criminals, what did they do and how did you react?
In the next election we can vote 1 state put of the union. Which state do you vote out?
What was one time where you were listening to music w/ headphones, and something you heard outside your headphones went perfectly with the music?
If your had to pick 10 poeple to be the Last poeple one earth who will you pick?
What’s your encounter-with-a-deadly-animal story?
Who is the most impressive person you’ve met, and why do you think they are impressive?
What was your most impressive physical feat?
What is the greatest play in sports, and what factors lead you to that decision?
If you could customize your appearance, genes included, what would you change?
Doctors and lawyers of Reddit. What do you want your kids to become when they grow up?
What’s a made up fact that sounds true?
You are in charge of making a better world, what changes would you make?
Moms who CHOSE not to nurse at all, why is that? Were people supportive of that?
People of earth: how are you doing?
What do you believe is a super underrated job?
You are given the chance to go back in time and change one moment in your life. What would you do differently?
How old are you now, and how long will you live? Do you hope to see your retirement day at 67 for maximum social security benefits?
What's something that you know is a little frivolous but you spend money on anyway?
Flat earthers, what's going on through your mind?
what is something you would do to slightly inconvenience your enemy that affects them on a daily basis?
What lesson did you learn from people who were very mean to you?
When writing horror stories, is it better writing in first-person or third-person?
When you are at the bar with your friends and ordering shots, which shots are you ordering?
What option is best for auto scaling your EC2 instance?
Who is the most evil “human” to ever live on earth & why ?
What was one lie your parents told you as a child that still haunts you to this day?
What’s the weirdest thing you used to draw a straight line?
What is your preferred method of cooking Pizza Rolls before putting them inside you?
What was something you wish people wouldn’t know about you?
How does one know if they're a good/bad person?
Who is or was your annoying neighbor?
What is easier for you do if you are now six inches taller and why?
what is the strangest thing that ever happened to you?
What are some explanations to getting texts from an unknown number from “characters” in the game you’re playing?
The world reverts to the Stranger Things universe tomorrow. What do you do?
Have you ever asked your sexual partner how many people they had slept with before you, if so, how did it go?
What is bigger than a Yottabyte?
How does one make friends with cis white males?
What's the most disturbing video you've ever seen or heard of?
Who was the absolute worst ex you had & why?
You must fight your username, what do you fight and how hard is it?
What is a guilty pleasure song that never gets old?
Archeologists, what's one thing you've found that genuinely concerned you?
Did you have an imaginary friend as a kid and what did you name him?
What’s your traumatizing hamster story?
You get to repeat your day, what do you do differently?
Who’s the first rapper/singer that comes to mind when you hear the word “music”?
What did you do with your first paycheck?
What is a story from high school that sticks out most in your memory and why does it?
When did time begin?
What is your "Grab the popcorn moment." Because the drama was so good?
To anyone who grew up Christian/Catholic, are you still religious? Why or why not?
What's the most sensible thing you've ever heard someone say?
What advice would you give to the younger version of yourself?
How can happiness be shown without people?
what's your oldest memory you have?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done to yourself? And why?
What would you think of someone who says they have multiple imaginary friends they talk to all the time and who can control their body if they let them?
In your culture or part of the world? How would you describe justice?
You can choose one fictional character to fight for you in 'trial by combat'. Who do you choose and why?
How do you know you have a drinking problem?
Mods of reddit, you are the subreddit you moderate. If you could take one subreddit home tonight, which one will it be?
People of Reddit, what is one popular 90s TV show you hated and why?
What was the hardest decision you ever had to make?
Whats a thing that happened and you still blame yourself for it or regret doing?
What seems like a hoax, but isn’t?
What to do with xbox problem?
Whatever happened to the SOCOM line on PlayStation games?
What subreddit is underrated ?
How old do you really feel and how much younger/older than your current age?
What’s your favourite “simple pleasure” in life?
What did you fake it till you made it?
If you could do anything you wanted, no matter the cost or sacrifice, what would it be?
When is the last time you drank water?
In your opinion, which TED talks are overrated?
To all the teachers of Reddit, What is the Most Funny/Creepy Things Students have asked you?
Do you think attempted murder should have the same sentence as murder? Why or why not?
Knowing what we know now, what should we have done in late 2019, early 2020?
What do you remember?
What is your favorite medical myth that some people still believe?
Almost every year a person or family go missing and it becomes massive mainstream news for days to weeks. Last year alone in the US there were 543,018 missing persons. So why does one case always capture the national news and the rest are left in the dark?
What's something that you think you may have been the only person in the world to ever do?
What are the weirdest subreddits?
Factory workers that work in very oily condition, what are your recommendations for boots?
What big words actually make you sound dumb?
You can teleport to any place in the world for 1 minute, after that, you will come back. Where would you teleport? What would you do there?
What’s the first thing you dry off when getting out of the shower?
What is the first thing that you notice about a person when you first meet them?
What are the advantages to realism over constructive empiricism?
What can putting one set of thought process/idea in each and every situation lead to?
What villain, from any work of fiction, would you stand with without remorse?
when was a time you regretted hitting on someone?
How can someone sit on a white chair?
What movie did you love as a kid only to realize it wasn't good when you got older?
People of reddit, who was the biggest f*ck up you ever knew?
People who are vegan activists, why aren't they only vegetarian activists instead? Why do they want people to stop eating eggs and milk?
Which two famous people do you think would be great friends, even though they aren't in real life?
What would the Internet look like if Reddit never existed?
What is your go to comfort movie and why?
How do you sort your LEGOs?
Negative people of reddit, how are you? And how do you find your niche in society?
What's the best album you've ever listened to?
People who like to annoy others by taking everything literally, how fun is your life?
What was the most disturbing or haunting nightmare you can remember having?
What is something you can say at school and during sex?
Which music video needs to be seen by more people?
Brian Laundrie would hide Gabby Petito’s ID so she couldn’t go out with friends. What do you think of that?
What is the best reddit argument you’ve seen?
As a newly created god of a polytheistic religion, what will you be known as, what will be your power/symbol, and how will you interfere in the lives of mortals?
What are things rich people do or can buy that normal people don't know about? [Serious]
What is the best time to improve your mind?
What is the answer to life, the universe, and everything?
What movies would you recommend, that is not as well known, as it is a good movie?
What is your fav and most hated school subject?
What is your favorite movie based on a true story?
What are some of the happier effects Covid-19 has had that we don’t talk about?
What do dreams about constantly getting on the wrong underground subway trains mean?
Truck Drivers/ Semi Drivers: What is the creepiest thing you've seen while being on the road?
What gets a bad rap, but doesn't deserve it?
How effective would a sensory deprivation tank be for someone like Superman?
What did you unintentionally become good at?
What would need to be changed with the current public transportation system for you to sell your car and switch?
What are some of the unexpected good things that have come out of the covid pandemic that no one is talking about?
Dog Trainers of Reddit: How do you handle a smart dog trying to test limits by doing commands half-way?
What addiction have you witnessed someone else going through yourself that made you grateful you never suffered from it?
What's the best website to buy jewellery in the uk?
What's your technique to fall asleep quickly and deeply?
what is all about quiet kid memes? Was there a real incident like that?
What makes sone people mature more quickly than others?
What is one live action adaptation of a cartoon that is actually good?
What's the best joke you ever heard?
What country have you been to that is actually overrated?
What would your sex life be referred to as by using the names of video games, tv shows and movies?
What "food" would be worst on a stick?
What's one good decision you made today?
What needs to happen in your life?
What makes you think that you're probably the main character or an NPC (Non-playable character) in real life?
What’s an open secret where you work?
What is the best opinion on loving someone who doesn't love you?
People of Reddit, have you ever met a person in real life who behaved exactly like your favorite character in a Movie/Series?
Who would make the best president for America? Why?
What is something you did nobody believes you did, but is 100% true?
What is a way of watching OF content for free if you can’t find it on Reddit?
What song aged like milk?
How do you get a job at sea in the UK?
What's something you did this year that you NEVER would have thought you would do?
Lurkers of this subreddit, why haven't you asked any questions?
For those of you that can date but simply choose not to, why?
What crime do you love to do?
How unique are thoughts about philosophical topics?
What’s the pettiest thing you’ve ever done to get back at someone?
What do you wish was more accessible?
How has your cat trained you?
You reached home after finishing work and found your wife is having sex with another guy what would you do ??
Why can't all be friends?
Auditors of Reddit what is the most fucked up illegal/cover up/manipulation have you done while working in a Big 4?
What's the most uncomfortable argument/fight you witnessed but weren't part of?
What was the boring moment in your life and why?
(Serious) What mental disorders do you know and what do they make whoever has them do?
What are some of the biggest double standards that nobody talks about?
What is a life lesson learned from a tough situation?
What currently normal thing do you think we’ll be demonized for taking part in a century from now?
How were you shaped by the place you grew up?
What is stressing you the fuck out right now?
What is the best way to get rid of the two party system in the U.S.?
What are some of your favorite chuck norris “facts”?
who is your greatest inspiration and why?
What are some of the best ways for a Dad to bond with his 16 year old daughter, when they have different interests? [Serious]
What are some events in history that sound like they were from a bad fanfiction?
What’s a joke you always find funny when it’s done in a show?
What discontinued product do you really wish would make a comeback?
What's your favorite Simon Cowell insult?
What's the nastiest thing you ever saw in a public bathroom?
What's your favorite "Florida Man" type story about the area or state you live in?
Hi Reddit. The world is too negative. What makes you happy? [Serious]
What is some you forgot you used to dislike as a kid, but grown out of it?
What do you call a skinny white guy with beautiful hygiene body in his 20s?
senior citizens of reddit (65+), what was dating like in your 18-25y/o years?
What is the absolute worst (or most embarrassing) thing you ever did when drunk?
What did you dream about last night?
what type of movies do you like?
Women of Reddit, how did you come to know about female masturbation ?
Flat-Earthers of Reddit, Why do you think the earth is flat?
What’s a fun little fact about yourself?
What should be the Minimum number of offspring a married couple be made to create?
If Marvel made a franchise out of Greek or Hindu epics, how would it compare to the way people embraced the Avengers?
What random act of kindness did you do that resulted to an unexpected reward?
Without saying that name of your favorite sport, what's your favorite sport?
What would happen if people (especially well-known) people acknowledged their mistakes instead of denying them or doubling down?
What makes someone an "Illegitimate Philosopher"?
What’s stopping and keeping you from using eco-friendly and natural products?
What was your worst or scariest sleep over experience?
What is the best example you've witnessed of someone getting their "just desserts"?
What is the dumbest reason that you or someone else was bullied?
What upcoming video game are you looking forward to?
Rich People of Reddit, did you go to college? Why or why not?
What is the last song you listened to?
What is the best haiku you can think of?
For people who are homophobic why?
What do you believe is the primary cause of the current pandemic that if didn't exist, would have eliminated the entire problem?
How are you going to cope with student loans being active again come 2022?
What is the scariest thing you think mandkind has ever created?
What's the worst present you have ever received?
Which is the most delicate subject for you to talk about?
For people who were blind all their life and then got vision when they were older, what was the most surprising thing to finally see?
What music(albums, artists , tracks) do you genuinely recommend?
What is your opinion on hookup culture?
What's the most profound question you've ever seen in this sub?
What modern trend do you actually like?
What is a relationship standard that only started after the pandemic?
What’s a good way to differentiate a spontaneous response from a canned one?
What was the euphemism your parents had use to indicate they were about to get busy that night OR what do to you tell your significant other that you are thirsty and dont want the kids to catch on?
What is an underrated non alcoholic drink that tastes amazing to you?
If Star Wars was more dark, what tactics would The Empire use?
What's A Food You Hated As A Kid But Now Enjoy?
What book got you into reading and which is the last one you read?
What did you eat today?
Bit of a weird one but it's actually for work, how long do you take from waking up in the morning before using the bathroom?
People who believe in conspiracy theory, why and what makes you believe them?
Americans of reddit, what would you do when you got 20,000$ on the road?
Who's your celebrity crush?
Redditors who have jobs that demand a lot of creativity, do you believe the way you wear your clothes makes any difference at all?
[Serious] People who spend a lot of time outdoors, what is the weirdest/or creepiest thing you have experienced?
The company you work for now rules your country as an absolute corporatocracy, how fucked are we?
Introverts who married introverts, what is that like?
What do you think your ex criticizes you for?
Who is the most attractive woman on earth?
What's the best conspiracy theory you’ve ever heard?
What’s the name of a place you’ve visited you would never want to go back to again?
What are the best moving tips you have heard of or come up with?
What are the pros and cons of a communist regime and could you seeing it work in today's society?
What is a good "bad movie" to watch with friends?
Whats your favorite Japanese-RPG?
What is the smallest change you could make to history but that would have the greatest consequences?
What do people expect you to like?
What was your childhood fear(s) that you grew out of?
What is the country which is closest by actual customs and spirit to anime and why?
What food did you grow up eating, that you now hate?
People that graduated college, when did you realize that you wanted to pursue a different career than what you were studying for?
What’s the best subreddit that still hasn’t been infected with politics or divisive posts?
If given the power to do so, in a span of 5 seconds, what will you do to cause a worldwide tragedy?
When do you normally start putting up Halloween decorations?
People who used to Scam others, What is your scam and what made you change?
What original song from the Simpsons is the best?
What’s the price of fillers, juvederm ultra to be exact, in Vancouver?
What are some good sports to try out?
How'd your first fight go?
What is a helicopter hover?
What red flag did you ignore?
Doctors/Nurses of Reddit, what's the craziest reason someone came to the hospital?
If the members of the jury actually had to carry out the execution in a death penalty, how do you think this would effect the outcome of court cases where a death sentence is a possibility?
People who's fast metabolism cuahgt up to them, what happened?
Divorced men of reddit with child custody . how hard was it to get the custody of the child ?
What do people expect you to be best at?
What foreign country do you like the most?
What are you best at?
What’s some advice or a Quote that you didn’t understand when it was presented to you that you now understand today?
What would you do if you had a time machine?
When was that time you were up late and you saw a strange figure at or pass the window? What happened?
What do you do, when your friends got frightened?
You just found a signed blank check. You can fill in any dollar amount on it that you want. But if the amount of the check is more than the account’s balance, you get nothing. What dollar amount do you choose?
Which is the most attractive feature?
Hooters Girls of Reddit, what is it really like working at Hooters?
Trans people of reddit. How did you find out you wanted to be the opposite gender and how did you tell your family and friends?
"The next marvel movie is about the worst villain ever" what is your guess?
Whats a strand or course you'd recommend for confused High Schoolers?
If you could ask the devil a question, what would it be?
If humans stopped aging at a certain age, what would be the most optimum age and why?
What is the incident or story that made you to think humans are weird?
What is the scariest mood swing you’ve ever seen someone go through?
What is a memorable line from your favourite video game?
If you had 24 hours to do whatever you wanted in this country, what would you like to do?
What kind of bear is best?
What are some of the odd proffessions you have heard about?
What are you nerdy about?
What seemed cool at the time turned out to be weird or stupid in hindsight?
If you were a necrophiliac, which celebrity would you want to dig up?
What are some of your favorite things to make the cold winter months more cozy and bearable?
What kind of spells would a Bromancer cast?
What are some weird facts about Ancient Greek playwrights and philosophers? Aristophanes, Socrates, Plato?
What is the best advice you have ever received when it comes to searching for a new job?
What rooms in your house have locks on?
Who noticed that men are no longer persuasive?
What rabbit holes (subjects, websites, forums) do you find your self repeatedly falling down? How do you stop?
Where is your favourite spot to be kissed?
What's the craziest or most inappropriate thing that you have seen a teacher do?
If Red Bull gives you wings, what body parts would other food items give?
What's a thing that makes you happy when you feel really doomed?
Explain why your friend’s partner is a dick and why don’t they realise?
Movie lover or Series? And which is your most favourite...??
What's the last text you sent?
You're given the ability to go back in time to kill any person in the history of mankind, but you can only choose one person. Who do you choose and why?
What is the dumbest clickbait headline you can think of?
What would you write on your tombstone?
What would it take to start a new YouTube with blackjack and hookers or at the very least way less advertising?
What is the horniest thing that you have done ?
If you could ask a certain person anything and this person had to answer truthfully, what would you ask that certain person?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?
NASA just announced a huge meteor is going to destroy the earth within 24 hours, how are you spending the rest of your time?
Why motivational speechs are boring?
What worst mistake you made while building your PC?
What qualities do you admire most in your parents?
When will we have just one decade without a major financial, ecological, health or political crisis?
What percentage of native blood do you need to have to collect an “Indian check” and open your own casino and also how much money do they get a month?
What is a plot for a movie that actually happened in real life?
What would you name your boat if you had one?
What would the name of your favorite film be if they were made to be clickbait videos?
What was the worst instance you heard someone say "literally" when they meant "metaphorically"?
What did you understand about the Allegory of the Cave?
If man in the high castle was real what would you do?
People who pay for Youtube Premium why/why not is it worth it?
What is the name of your favourite radio station?
Redditors, without googling, what do you think a Braai is?
What's one thing that brings you joy in life right now?
What are you really proud of but can't tell anyone about?
What are odd things that are total dealbreakers for your relationship?
Which season could you live eternally in? Spring, summer, autumn, or winter?
People of Reddit, what's the most awkward/embarrassing moment that happened to you, or you saw?
In your opinion, whats the most beautiful song you have ever heard and why?
What's your favorite flower or herb-related name?
What do you wish you were known for?
Anyone here who wants to sing (or listen to music) after cumming?
What are you known for?
If you have an abortion do you still consider yourself a mom even though you aborted? If you have no other children. What are people's opinions?
Would you rather be in a casual or a serious relationship and why not the other?
What supernatural/ unexplainable event has you questioning reality?
Is it a sign of disrespect when you slide over your ID on the counter instead of hanging it over or did the clerk just feel like being a douchebag that day?
What's the best way to surprise someone with a phone as a gift? (Serious)
What’s your favorite school supply and why?
A movement is started against all those increasingly longer and unskippable adds on youtube ... what would you think about this?
Why would someone face time if they accidently kill someone?
What fictional villain would definitely have made for a great friend?
How Important is Sex in Marriage? Does good sex assure that the marriage will last?
Why do you upvote?
What mods that turn DOOM classic into a dungeon crawler like elder scrolls experience?
What is going to happen next? What was the point?
What's a secret that people have kept from you for years just ti find out it was pretty underwhelming?
Males of reddit, what is your type of women based on physical attraction?
People always say that being an adult sucks and you shouldn’t rush to grow up but are there any adults here who have found that they like their life better than when they were a child?
People who get off work at 5pm, go to the gym, make dinner, and perform basic self care... how do you do it?
What’s a brilliant game that deserved but never got a sequel?
What is the worst possible apocalypse that could happen?
What exactly is a penis knuckle?
Which book/film would make a great Muppet adaptation? Who would play what roles, including human guest stars?
How would you live your life without friends?
Atheists of Reddit, what’s the craziest “religious” experience you had where it made you question your beliefs?
What celebrity/youtuber etc. would you take as your lawyer if you got falsely accused of murder?
People of reddit, why are the entire r/AskReddit questions the same but paraphrased?
What do you like most about your children?
If you could reincarnate and give yourself a message from this life next to the next what would that message be and why?
If you could change one thing about the last decade of your life what would it be and why? what would be different and would it be worth it?
What is the worst but most thought out gift an SO has ever given you?
[Serious] What family member (biological or not) leaving hurt you the most?
Who do you think is 100% guilty of a crime even if they were declared innocent?
Which movie/show/actor/actress should have received an award but didn't?
In Dexter's Laboratory, what if Dexter dated his babysitter Lisa?
What happened that made you admit that you were no longer part of the middle-class?
What is something you don't feel bad about pirating?
Most redditors customize their reddit profile but so few are actualy viewed, what is the story behind your reddit character?
If you were the Prime Minister of Canada, what would be your top priorities and why?
What is a good way to deal with a neighbouring construction site blasting music?
Anyone who had pets before having their kids, what did you do when you found out that your baby was allergic to pets?
What is the first indicator of how your day is going to go?
What’s the worst thing you’ve been caught doing?
If you got fired for a bs reason at a place with a in store music system, what would play as you walk out?
Who was/were the first music artist that you listened to that got you into music?
What is the name of the site to upload pictures?
If you could swap bodies with any living person on Earth, who would that be and why?
Son/Daughters of anti-maskers, what have you done to change their mindset?
What’s worse? A shower with low water pressure, or a shower that doesn’t get hot enough for your preferences?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
What are the most bullshit laws you can make up?
What is your hidden talent?
Why did you choose to learn your current job?
Redditors with online friends: If you could spend a week together in person, what activities would you do that you can't do online?
What is cool but useless?
What are some interesting shower thoughts?
What's a good way to build your credit score and keep it from dropping?
What song is the anthem of the 2010s?
As a human, how would one go about the process of acquiring other humans that can be classified as "Friends"?
Whose talent can you acknowledge and respect without actually enjoying their work?
how is a burger, pommes and a drink cheaper at mcdonalds than just a burger and pommes?
What are you unhappy about today?
What is your most right / wingopinion?
Programmers of Reddit, what was your first... "coding challenge" as a teen?
What is something we as a society really should stop caring about?
What is the strangest thing you’ve seen someone do during class?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever seen?
When do you cross the line from being nice to Simping?
How old are you, and how many relationships have you been in?
How concerned should we be about the current shortage of semiconductors?
What's the closest thing to IMDB/Goodreads but for music?
Who is a celebrity that you think would throw a real mean BBQ?
If you could add one law to your country, what would it be?
What do you predict will be the big news story on this day next year?
What is your thoughts on a man dating a woman who is taller than him?
You have been granted supernatural powers. What part of your body would you change?
What’s the worst way to stop talking to a person you love a lot?
What was your most memorable experience with a wild animal?
After putting in a 2 week notice at a job why would the employer the next morning say not to tell anyone at least for now?
What are your pillars of life, besides work? [Serious]
What would your serial killer nickname be?
What’s a rule you would change in your favourite sport?
What dumb stuff has someone with minimal knowledge said to you or done, around an area in which you are an expert?
What wasn't intended to be scary but scared the hell out of you?
What is the shittiest thing a famous person has done to you?
Hey world, how annoyed are you with Americans insisting the American way, is the right way?
What is some great advice for someone who is getting their first tattoo?
What do you think is the best commercial of all time?
What antagonist in a movie did you feel sorry for?
How does everyone lean on the scale of politics. Just need to know why there a left and right side to politics, can't people just agree on one thing?
If you were in a room with all of your memorable childhood toys/games, which one would you gravitate towards first?
What's one myth you believed in but it turns out that it was false?
Which redundant question are you tired of seeing on this sub?
What tips do you have to get things done for someone who recently lost use of one of their arms?
Is there anyone in your life that actually wants to see you naked. If so, who?
What's the worst experience you've ever had with a Wealth Management company?
You get to start a cult. What kind of cult is it?
What are some of your; "What f*ck is going on with my body?" Moments?
What is your most persistent and present problem today? Reddit?
For anyone who has overcome an addiction, what is the best piece of advice you have for someone looking to let go of a harmful habit?
What's the most memorable "That's not full auto" moment that you've witnessed?
What will you do to stop the forest fires from spreading?
People with two last names, how’s it like?
You just committed that thought you tend to suppress. How drastically might it change your life?
What’s the worst band ever?
If there was a super advanced secret nation (like Wakanda) exists, where do you think it's located?
How could you get grants for LPN school?
Men of Reddit, what do you like to call your junk?
What are some victimless crimes you don’t/wouldn’t feel bad for doing?
What is the male equivalent of being asked if you are pregnant?
When was a time you started a new job and the company invested time and resources to train you adequately?
What gift would make you fall in love with someone instantly?
If one actor/actress would possess all the powers of all the characters they had played. Who would be the most powerful?
Whats a favorite store that you always go in a mall but its been closed/removed for years?
What is an addiction you wish you could give up?
Your hobby suddenly becomes illegal, you have to choose between finding something else to do or keep doing what you love without getting caught. What do you do?
What is your favorite toy?
Who's a hobby or niche YouTuber you watch that would also be entertaining for the average person?
Would a centaur taste like people or like animal when cooked and eaten?
Dog owners who pick up the shit in a plastic bag and drop the bag on the ground, what is your thought process?
Which book/movie or game are you still into after many years and why?
What would you do to surprise your girlfriend?
How long does it take to get over someone you lusted for?
In your opinion, which movie is the most realistic to any situation?
People of reddit, Why so sensitive ?
What is essential viewing in order to understand your culture?
What would you say about your dog that you wouldn't say about your girlfriend?
What foreign (non-native to your primary language) word or expression do you regularly use?
What's something you can not resist?
What’s the worst well-intended romantic gesture a SO ever did for you?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever bragged about?
Why would someone lie about having a drug addiction, despite never having one to begin with?
What is an important life lesson that you learned during the pandemic?
Teachers what was the most creepiest thing a student has done?
When walking into the bathroom with a mask on why are humans able to smell crap, but once the mask is taken off the smell of cleaning products and soap is what is smelled?
The last song you listened to, becomes the only music you can have for the rest of your life, what is it?
What still makes the United States superior to all other countries?
What is your all-time favorite meme?
What is something thay men can get away with but women can't?
What is the one thing you own you wish you didn't?
What is something that women can get away with but men can't?
What’s your most NSFW skill?
Vets of Reddit what is a pawsome story from workplace you can't forget?
Americans, why do you say ‘sorry’ for things you have no power over?
What do you think about modern world's alpha/beta man theory?
Is it wrong to spend money on expensive food when people are dying of hunger?
What do you think the meaning of life is?
People who have been blackmailed, what's the story?
Married people of Reddit, how do you deal with finances with your partner?
What’s a word you hope to never hear again and why?
What instantly makes a women unattractive?
What are the possible health risks of trying to pet every stray cat possible?
[Serious] If you met God and had the right to ask one question, what would you ask and why?
What are some easy ways to volunteer free time that would benefit a community?
NSFW] What is the craziest truth or dare challenge you have ever seen performed?
What do you do when you're having a non-serious panic attack?
What's that one embarrassing thing that still haunts you?
What kind traits do you find in people who listen to Miley Cyrus?
What's a trend from your childhood you wish came back?
If you were in a hit and run accident that was not your fault and your insurance company covered your damages then 2 months later the hit and run driver contacted you offering to pay how would you handle it?
If super powers were real, how different would the world be today?
What was your playlist like when you were young?
What would you do if your boss implied that you are too dumb for your current position?
[Serious] Mothers of Reddit, what is it really like to birth a child?
What is the most disturbing fact?
What is the most disturbing thing to do?
(Serious) People who cut a toxic friend from their lives, what did they do to cross the line?
What’s the best way to change your life for the better?
What was your greatest holiday ever? Where did you go?
Now there’s Alter Ego, a talent show where singers perform backstage while avatars represent them onstage. What is the point of this?
What if the internet is like a modern day tower of Babel?
What is the most disturbing thing to see?
The audience asks in unison “How big was it?”
What is something you lied about that ended up saving your life?
What do you think it means when someone tosses your tims?
What is your definition of accomplishment?
How can you get money without having to work?
If God exists, why is there so much evil in the world?
What is the toughest thing you’ve encountered at work?
What Stops Us From Being Ourselves?
What was your most fun road trip?
Who will be best actor on house of the dragon(GOT prequel)?
What made the "weird kid" at your school weird?
What is something that you have done/experienced during the pandemic that you never thought of doing/experienced?
What's your favourite time pass?
What’s the most recognizable smell/ odor in the world?
Blockchain developers of Reddit, how would you secure a new PoW chain?
What's a gut feeling that saved yours or someone else's life?
Where will we all go if the Canary Island volcano triggers a landslide/tsunami?
What are some good songs to play over a smart speaker to wake someone up?
People who went on a blind date, how did it turn out?
How do you know if you're a bad person? What makes a bad person, bad?
What is something you do everyday that is entirely unnecessary, yet extremely rewarding?
What should you do if someone treats you like a helpless kid that can't do anything on his own?
Which video game character that does not deserve their recognition?
What was the last words your fav person told you before they leave?
What's a mildly interesting event that you still remember years later?
What's the smallest amount of fame you've seen go to someone's head?
What song did you listen to when you failed an exam?
Has anyone ever been fired over a post they made on Reddit? What happened?
What do you call something when you can't think of the name of it?
You find x ray goggles, what you do first?
Women everywhere, what are the best ways to stand out?
If you had the Cloak of Invisibility, where is the first place you would go?
What advice would you give someone before their first retail interview?
Which school is the "old" school now?
Which animal would you be most frightened to be locked in an airplane hangar with for 24 hours?
What's the funniest/coolest thing you've seen someone do with a spare room?
What is something that u rlly wanna do rn?
What is your favourite national (Internet)Radio Station?
You wake up 10 years from now out of a coma, what's the most random thing you ask the doctor or your family?
How Long did it take your fifth metatarsal to heal if you broke it?
What current name can you see becoming the "how can you look at a baby and name them that" of our generation?
[Serious] Former Democrats, why did you leave or stop voting for the party?
Based on your own ability, what would be your No 1 item if you had a food truck?
Whats a historical figure do want to give a tour about our present time?
Where will we all go if the Canary Island volcano triggers a landslide?
What's the best comeback you got?
What is it like breaking someone else's heart?
What is an outrageous lie we can tell for why we got married in secret? And why?
People of Reddit Whats the most evil thing you have done that has turned out to be a nice thing instead?
How much do you spend on dental work per year?
What’s the worst thing you’ve done while blackout drunk?
What series are you glad ended when it did instead of dragging on and turning stale?
What's the lowest you've felt in your life?
If love is blind, how can it be love at first sight?
What do you hate, but tolerate it ?
Should companies outsource jobs to places with lower cost of living, specifically to save money on salaries? Why or why not?
After mutilated over various social platforms since the beginning of the internet, who really said, Find What You Love and let it kill you?
What's more embarrassing: trying to become a famous rapper or trying to become a famous gamer?
How can someone rebuild trust in a partner that has cheated?
Swinger couples of Reddit, what was the one experience you had which left you questioning your lifestyle choice?
What is the worst thing your roommate has ever done?
What fashion trends do you wish would come back?
Attractive people of reddit: what's one thing that made you wish you were ugly ?
What’s making you depressed so far today and what do you think will cheer you up?
A kid asks you where babies come from. Instead of being honest, what do you say?
What's the most stuck-up shit you've ever heard someone say?
What makes you angry, but shouldn’t?
What's your funniest childhood memory?
Who is someone you know that you and everyone you know hates?
What date would you choose for a general strike?
Who is your hero and why?
What youtube channel do you watch to relax?
What is it that you keep wanting to smell despite the fact that it doesn’t smell particularly good?
people seen some creepy person doing creepy things on their own in a creepy place, what's their side of the story?
"when will you learn" In what voice did your mind read that?
What’s your opinion of the modern world?
Redditors who have had their stories featured on Rslash. How if at all has it affected your lives after the feature?
Till which age do boy's grow taller and what is the range of the increase in height?
What's a song that's so hype that it sounds wrong without you turning the volume up at the start?
What would you do if Starfire knocked on your door?
What is your favorite smell?
What do you feel is the main problem we have as a society today?
What do you think of people who can't move on?
What event would traumatize you the most: Your car being vandalized, burglarized, or stolen?
We have Democracy when are we going to get Fullversioncracy because this shit is not working for ages??
If WW2 Was set in the 20021's what would it look like?
At which hour do you go to sleep everyday?
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee can actually fly, can you say how it can get its fat little body of the ground, while the bee of course flys anyways, not caring what humans think?
What feels illegal, but isn't ?
What’s overly hyped but shouldn’t be?
What is the next animal you want to get and what would its name be?
What are some underrated shoe brands?
What’s something you learned how to do during the pandemic that you probably wouldn’t have otherwise?
People who have a worldview, what does it consist of and how did you get it?
Why do you think average Redditors and average internet users know better how to end Game of Thrones than the writers of the show who spent 9 years working with the series full-time?
Movie lovers of reddit. What episode of what show made you almost/actually cry and why?
If you could “clip” a moment of our life, what would it be? An insane trickshot? A happy moment?
What are some strange quirks in physics or chemistry?
What Is Your Favourite Horror Movie?
What is the best environment conscious hack that you practice and want others to follow it as well?
After a long day of work, what activitity do you like doing to unwind?
Is Hollywood running out of ideas for new movies and tv shows, why or why not?
What possible future technological development are you most looking forward to?
If you could invent one thing what would it be and what would it do?
What other TV shows had a Judy Winslow moment where a character was sent to their room and never seen again for the rest of the series?
Hey Reddit, does your jaw start to tingle when you really have to pee too?
What's the most awkward situation you've ever been in?
What is your favorite sensation? Your opinion?
What is the best energy drink and why?
Which villain from a movie do you think had the best motive?
What can we do in the world to make it a more loving place or is that unrealistic?
What is the reason to live?
Should 3 or 4 hours long movies be released in theaters and would you sit and watch the whole thing?
You are forced to give up all your belongings except one. What thing do you keep?
What did you wish your parent said/did/knew when you were a teen?
What is something a child could say, that can’t ever be said as an adult?
What film was completely ruined by its trailer?
If you could get the answer of any question you might ask, what would that question be?
Why are you still religious?
You wake up tomorrow & discover you have a super power, what is it ?
Why are you still unhappily married?
What's going to be a common inconvenience in 20 years that most of us don't need to worry about now?
What did you buy initially that you hated at first, but learned to love?
What's the worst anniversary gift you've ever received?
How does one try to not feel helpless, hopeless and disinterested in everything?
What is the most common baby girl name that is cool in the past but not being used anymore nowadays?
What lie are you still living with?
What is a fictional place you’d like to experience IRL if given the opportunity?
What does your “Build Back Better” look like?
How did the popular kid in your school react when they stopped being popular?
What is the best thing that your teacher ever did fou you?
What questions make you think "Good question"?
Which celebrity went from one of the most hated to one of the most beloved?
Dentists of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a patient has done while you were …operating on them?
High/middle schoolers of reddit, why do you steal stuff from the school bathrooms and make the rest of us suffer when they close the bathrooms?
What are your must watch Halloween movies each year?
When were you genuinely terrified for your future?
What is something girls can do in a heterosexual relationship that, if boys do it, they’re assholes?
Bosses / Hiring managers, Have you ever rejected applicant because he/she was too pretty? and why?
What is your go-to pickup line when you're put on the spot?
At what point did you become okay with the idea of never becoming rich?
If you could get the whole world to answer one question, what question would you ask everyone?
When was the last time you broke a law and what law?
What do introverts enjoy during their free time?
Ladies .. What was your reaction -how you felt- when you saw a penis for the first time in your life ?
What is the best TV show to get unjustly cancelled after the first season in the post 2010 era?
If Netflix didn't exist. What would be the movie industry today?
What is your go-to joke whenever you are put on the spot?
Should you invest in the stock market when you turn 18?
If you could have one mechanical/electronic feature on your body, what would it be?
Which is the best Android phone for gaming with high FPS?
Reddit, What are cameras the size of flies called? Where do you buy them?
What was your worst/most unusual addiction?
What do u think of Post Malone as a person AND as an artist?
What’s your opinion on Speedo’s ever worn one?
What's the worst date you've ever been on?
Why the heck are mandatory resort fees for hotels legal?
What topic could you give a 30 mins presentation on with no preparation?
People of reddit, what did you experience on halloween?
What’s an item that’s better suited for something other than it’s intended purpose?
What are the best 1st date questions?
Someone of the same gender kissed you, what you say?
What is your boss music?
What are the pros and cons of becoming a parent over the age of 35?
Roblox players of reddit, what is the scariest thing you have seen on ROBLOX?
What do you think about Johnny Depp/Amber Heard? Who do you side with and why?
what's your favorite name ?
Which US state provides the worst driving experience for a visiting driver?
What do you find disturbing?
What do you do when your 4yr old brother says you have a big dick in front of your mom?
Parents of kids who have since moved out - how did you maintain/reclaim your identity (other than as a parent) during or after child-rearing?
What are some youtube channels who talk about obscure pieces of history?
How long will it take for humanity to inevitably destroy itself? Do you see a different future?
People who are always trying to force their standards onto other people, why?
What did you learn too late in life?
What do you smell like right now?
What will the next New York Times CEO need to do to turn around the paper?
If you could have orgasms only by eating stuff. What would you eat?
What is going on in your mind at the moment?
What do you think your IQ is?
Forensic scientists, how would you determine Gabby Petito’s death based on the remains?
What song almost instantly puts you in a good mood?
No disrespect at all to her or her loved ones, but why is Gabby Petito being covered so much on the news?
What can one do to get themselves fired?
[Serious] How do you reach and influence for the better troubled youth?
How do you make the day go by faster while at work?
How do you guys push that last little nugget of poop out of your butt when it gets stuck?
What person you know has the most disgusting hygiene and how is it disgusting?
What IP has the best Rule 34 content?
We see so much negativity these days, what is one positive thing that has happened to you in the past week?
If one part of your body can be swapped with that of an animal or a bird, what would be it and how will it change your life and daily routine?
What character can be taken out of the film and the story would be the same?
Who for sure was on the "Wrong Side of History" in their lifetime? Who shouldn't get a pass because they were simply a "product of their time" as some people like to argue, but rather was someone who even with the information available to them acted in a terrible way?
What is something you like that most people find revolting?
What is one skill undervalued by society?
what's the best dog name you've heard that isn't a 'name' ?
What is absolutely perfect?
Americans of Reddit, what is the most overhyped part of your states legacy and reputation?
You wake up in a bathtub full of ice and have a scar on your stomach, what would you do?
If you could ask one question to any person ever, what would you ask and to who?
What event in your life was the breaking point that made you lose faith in humanity?
Professional chefs of Reddit
What is the most difficult thing you have ever done in your life and why did you do it?
What do you know best about?
What is your feeling Saturday Night?
Waiters of Reddit, what was the best comeback you gave to a rude customer?
Have you ever been hypnotised? What’s you story?
How do we know that denotation and connotation contradict each other?
Women of reddit, what does dick and cum taste like?
What is one really dumb thing that everyone does?
What age did you first fall in love and are you still with them today? If not, are you currently with someone you love?
If you could relive one happy memory, what would it be?
What is the best way for white people to support non-white people in dealing with inequality and oppression?
How would you paint Jesus?
How's life at the moment?
What are some funny linguistic 'fake friends' that you know?
People of Reddit. If you woke up from a coma that started in 2018 and woke up today what would be your reaction ?
What are you all going to be for Halloween?
What's your favorite way to waste time at work that doesn't look like you're wasting time at work?
What is your favourite Element/Material?
How do you care for the people in your life that are less mature than you but see you as a type of child?
Over 100 years ago, a large killer was infection, which to us sounds like nothing. What is a small thing that happened to you that, over 100 years ago, would have ended you?
What's your favorite internet mystery?
Redditors, when you die if you could revert back to any age, which age would you choose? And why?
You were called upon to reboot a TV Show that is well known, which show will it be?
What would you say about your hobby that could make others interested in trying it?
What's a hobby you'd like to pick up, but never will?
What's there beyond sleep, eat, work in this cruel life?
What are some antique words, that sound modern and almost "futurstic"?
DMV workers of America, why are there so many desks but so little workers?
What is a cross over you want to see?
How has lying helped you?
What do most people do the wrong way?
Christians / Catholics of reddit: Why did Jesus had to die for our sins?
What is the saddest Non-English song to cry to?
Why most of us are too critical on ourselves but not others?
What's the most neutral or least ridiculed accent/dialect of your native language?
Astronomers of reddit, what would happen if outer space was bright with light and stars gave out darkness?
Have you experienced astral projection? How was it?
People who stayed with their first love, what is your story?
What Animal gets a lot of shit for no reason?
What is an insecurity you are proud to have gotten rid of in the last few years?
[serious] what song was ruined for you by a previous relationship and why?
Who’s helped you out in a big way recently?
What are the scariest things that happened to you as a child that impressed you a lot?
An ironic question, what’s a secret you would take to the grave?
For those of you who had a near-death experience that changed your view of life, how do you see it now?
What legitimately concerns you regarding the “state of the world” in the next 10 years?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What are you grateful for today?
What are some simple things one can do to change their lives for good?
What is the best response to "make me" after someone says shut up ??
How should one deal with insecurity about girlfriend cheating?
What’s the most underrated piece of technology?
What’s a risky situation you got out of by pure luck?
What should be a mobile app but isn’t?
What is the best vegetable and the “right” way to cook it?
Why do you think churches don’t pay taxes?
People of Reddit what did the class clown do that made them be hated by most everyone in your school?
How often do you flick your tongue like a snake, and what influences the frequency?
What movie/show has ruined something mundane or innocent for you?
What song gives you goosebumps every time you listen to it?
What is something people can say that just make you go “get the fuck away from me”?
How much science has improved the world today?
Christians of Reddit: If Jesus had not been killed, would he have lived forever? Or would he have died of natural causes at some point? Why?
What questions would you ask God?
What are some ways to make money as a teen in this pandemic?
[Serious] What is grief to you? What are your stories?
What are some of best dialogues from the movies?
What made you go Hell no?
Dumpster divers of Reddit, what’s the best thing that you ever saved from the trash?
What is something you're terrible at but wish you could do well?
What is something your pet seems to think is magic?
What's the cringiest insult/comeback that you've ever heard?
What is the dumbest thing you had in front of your parents?
What is definitely not your thing ?
Did anyone of you tried nofap? if so, what are the benefits?
What was your first car ever purchased story?
What are some good workout songs?
Hotel and motel housekeepers, what is the most memorable item that a guest has left behind after checking out?
How have you carpe'd this diem?
What’s the most meta question someone can ask here?
How should we prepare ourselves financially for a US debt default?
What’s something you did in Vegas, that didn’t stay in Vegas ?
Wealthy Redditors, where do you go for the summers?
Imagine that you're on fire right now how bad would it be?
What is a job that seems really easy on paper but is actually quite difficult in real life ?
What's the most humiliating thing you do in front of the stage?
What embarrasing things you did when you were a child?
What makes you feel special?
Parents who had to cut your kids out of your life, why?
[Serious] Why should or should not one pursue or start a relationship with his or her co-worker?
on a scale of 1-10 how annoyed do you get when you see a soundcloud link?
How would you fake your own death?
Redditors who own a summer house, what's it like?
What's something you've done as a kid and still do today?
What's the worst thing about gamers?
How would you commit the perfect murder?
What worries you most as a Tesla investor?
Single moms of Reddit, what is your story?
How has Reddit personally helped you?
What is something that you have invented?
Retired people of Reddit, what is something that you used to spend a lot of money on but now regret?
What helped you gain self esteem ?
What’s the dumbest mistake you’ve ever made?
What's good on Netflix these days?
What do you do for a living, and how is that going today?
If you had a deathnote, how would you use it and who would you use it on?
Americans, what’s the story behind how your hometown was settled?
What's your life's biggest decline?
Artists of reddit rather it be digital or physical what are your thoughts on people using your art for attention without giving you credit for the art?
What was a surprisingly positive experience you've had with law enforcement?
What’s the best Disney movie?
What is the least useful superpower that could still get you into the Justice League?
What's something about reddit you wish you could change?
What's something so subtle but is actually a form of love?
What's something that you still cannot do, despite it having been shown to you multiple times?
What are Wikipedia pages easy to lose yourself in?
What was your best question you've asked on AskReddit but failed to get any attention ?
How do you feel about being bald?
What is the worst place you ever worked at?
What watches are you into? How many do you own?
To anyone who is at least fairly close and a known you tuber or twitch streamer, what are they actually like when they are not recording or streaming?
What are some good cigs in canada?
What a short joke you have that will make someone laugh?
You wake up tomorrow and realise money has no value whatsoever. What do you do next?
Dads who go to get milk, where they go?
What ask reddit question have you send the most reused?
What is a band that had one successful album but never regain the fame with their other albums?
Fair carnies of Reddit, what is it that you like most about working at a carnival?
What was the last thing that blew your mind?
[Serious] What is the condition of the United States to you?
if you could get citizenship for any country which would it be?
What made you fall in love with your partner/spouse?
What specific rules exist because of what some dumba* did in the past?
What are some examples of chaotic good?
Atheists of Reddit what do you think happens after you die ?
People who use TikTok, what are some disturbing things about the platform that no one talks about?
There are clubs for just about any human activity and more. What's a club that you've joined that you'd like to tell us about?
(Serious) what is the worst police brutality you have ever experienced?
What’s your biggest fuck up in life?
What would you do if this?
Your friend is getting a new job - what job would you totally disown them for doing?
What was the best or worst encounter with ur phobia?
When being applauded to, how do you react?
How were Republicans able to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 in the US Senate, yet Democrats can't seem to get anything passed?
Of all the many candy bars and chocolate bars in the world, which one gets your vote as the greatest?
What is your favorite "Bad" movie that was panned by most people and critics?
What is your biggest non-academic, non work-related accomplishment?
If you were asked to give yourself a code name that could instantly kill you after it is said, what would it be?
What’s the most emotional pain you’ve ever been in?
What questions are hot topics in philosophy at the moment?
Would you class fruit tea as a real tea and why?
What is your routine when you get back home after work ?
People of Reddit, what the weirdest pregnancy craving you or your partner has had?
who's death was the most unexpected and no one saw it coming?
What is your go to Mc Muffin VS Mc Griddle?
What has been your worst dentist experience?
What are some opinions you have that oftentimes start arguments?
Hey fellow internet users, whats the most overrated thing you can think of?
childfree people of reddit, what was your familys reaction when you told them?
What is your maturity range? Can you say it without saying it?
What’s a lucrative side hustle IF you actually put in the effort?
What is the best thing, and the worst thing, about your State?
How do you talk to girls without being nervous?
What's the most underrated subreddit?
Do Americans really keep bread in the fridge? If so why do you keep it in there?
What halloween costume do you NOT want to see this year?
what’s the weirdest dream youve had that you can still remember vividly?
What rotary tattoo machine would you buy if you had under £500 to spend, and why?
If what you draw becomes reality, then what will you draw first?
Who do you think is the hottest lady from the 80s?
Have you ever eaten too much and threw it up, and if so, when and what happened?
You have access to every internet account of your nemesis - what will you do?
When was a time you listened to your “gut instinct” and it saved your life (or from harm)?
Hungryfolk of Reddit, what is your best deli sandwich combination?
You get over $2,000,000,000 but found out that aliens are gonna blow up the planet in two days, what would you do with the money?
People who upgraded from a PS4 to the PS5, is it really all that better? How so?
What is your "I should have gone to the doctor sooner" story?
When did you realize that someone you thought was smart is actually an idiot?
What’s your best ‘told you so’ moment?
What is the best multiplayer game of 2021?
What you will quit right now?
What is the worst pronunciation of your name?
When you get to the register at a retail store and something is a higher price than what you thought, do you demand the lower price? Why or why not?
What is truly top tier?
What album would have been perfect if they just cut that one song?
What will you do if you know that you will die tomorrow?
What instantly makes a man unattractive?
Guys, what do you wish girls knew about you?
How should step-parents behave around someone’s biological kid when in a relationship?
Who is a performer whose craft you respect but don’t actually enjoy?
What are the most useless things taking up place in your brain?
How is the IPO allotment decided?
What different cultural thing are you envious of?
Whats your favourite food?
How much money would you need to be given today to agree to living 10 years less than you naturally would have?
How do you think reddit has changed since you started using it?
[SERIOUS] What's your meaning of life?
What is the worst super power?
Redditors, What is your opinion on the coming of Aliens on Earth?
Natural-born American citizens, if you are going to complain about college level jobs going to immigrants, why aren't you doing better as Natural-born American citizens?
Without saying where you are from, what is the stereotypical outfit people wear?
If you were a food what would u be?
What is the best conspiracy you've ever heard about a certain movie/series?
Knowning your daily routine and life style, What is the most weird situation they can find your corpse if you die?
What was the last, big life event you had pre-Covid?
Healthy Food only , what did you eat for breakfast?
What can cause snap to mute your speaker during a snap call, that is not you pressing the mute button?
What are your REAL thoughts on the #MeToo movement?
Looking for inputs on how to get a lost mail. USPS tracking shows it was delivered to Ex apartment at the front door. Leasing office has no information on this. Unable to reach the current resident directly. Its the Visa/work permit and so extremely important. Any suggestions?
When should a person buy a PS5?
What’s an interesting Wikipedia read for those with time to kill?
Redditors who don't clean their ears using Q-tips, how do you clean your ears?
What’s a time you put someone in their place so perfectly, it still makes you smile?
You recieved a never-ending invisible rope. How are you going to ruin the world?
What’s something a person can do that has such little cost for how much it improves the lives of themselves and/or others?
What new subject would you add at school?
What was the best dream you had?
What do you think of the new sex education series?
Degenerates of Reddit, why do you keep asking questions like "What was the best sex you've ever had?"
[Serious] Why is Xanax still being prescribed?
What is something that should be mandated by our beloved government, but isn't?
What was something in life you actually tried just because you wanted to?
What are things that some women would see as “insecurities” or “flaws” but you think are attractive on them?
People who work/worked as security. Got any interesting stories to tell from work?
[Serious] What was your saddest moment?
What should not be hurried, and what can not be delayed?
What band is overrated?
What’s your go-to order in Taco Bell?
What new features would you like to see in future cell phones?
Who is that person in your life that you are afraid will snap one day?
what is your favourite wholesome memory?
What would you do if you died, you then saw a respwan button, clicked it, and then it went to the character customization screen?
What career did a younger you want to be when you grew up and what field did you ultimately end up in?
What are some things that exist purely because humans are idiots?
What’s the most interesting math fact you know?
Who deserves to part from this world but still doesn't?
What are some declassified documents to look into?
People regularly complain about dumb dress code rules for kids in school. What is actually a reasonable dress code to enforce?
What should be a high school subject?
If you could go back to any decade what would it be?
What's the most spectacular act of contrition have you ever seen someone commit after they've wronged someone else?
What's worse a brouhaha a fracas a melee or a katzenjammer ?
What movie is a pile of poop upon second viewing?
What will you do if Zombies come to eat us (Creative Answers only)?
How do you avoid political issues in conversations?
Autistics of Reddit, what are your tips for the allies of autistics?
What would you do if you saw your parent kissing your girlfriend or boyfriend?
What paradox do you think sucks?
People above age 25 haven't been kissed or hugged romantically yet & what are your hobbies that keep you entertained without romance ?
Which consumervproduct would you rate 10 out of 10?
What is something you absolutely despised as a kid but can't get enough of as an adult?
What’s the weirdest thing you have searched for on the internet?
What is the best breakfast food?
People who have cheated on significant others in the past and no longer do it, how have you done it? and do you still feel the urges?
What do you wish you were doing tonight?
Who here walks/bikes to their job and how long does it take you?
What's the worst thing that has happened to you?
What’s something you regret doing that most people typically never regret doing?
People who won the lottery, or won anything from the lottery, how long did you play before you won?
What is something relatively common that you just absolutely freakin love?
What’s a food you grew up with that isn’t around anymore that you miss?
What is the scariest place you have ever been to?
What's something you did that your siblings got blamed for?
People who use "I did a thing", "because, reasons" and shit like that..why?
What's the tastiest meal at your favorite restaurant?
What are some of the funniest conspiracy questions you have ever come across?
What real medical issues are u working on, that u can talk about?
You have the power to get rid of mosquitos or ticks. Which do you chose and why?
What is your favorite movie/tv show trio?
What's the funniest (possibly unintentionally) dance you've seen, and why is it?
What is the Male equivalent of a “Karen” or is it just ”Karen”?
What commercial did you actually like to watch?
What are you having for dinner tonight?
time travelers of Reddit. What are your top 5 rules of time travel?
[Serious] What is something you need to get off your chest right now?
What helps you appreciate life?
If you no longer had to work to be able to survive, how would you spend your time?
Seriously though, what’s your favourite sweet/candy of all time?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
There is a province in Turkey called "Batman". What other geographic names are unintentionally amusing?
What is a sentence that's not alliterative in English but is in other language?
What are some things people are supposed to know, but are never really taught?
What beloved celebrity will you never support or respect?
You time travel to the 1900s and are given 1 minute to share anything you want about the present, what would it be?
Doctors of Reddit, what is a self diagnosis a patient came in with and they were absolutely right about their diagnosis?
Would a large enough boycott of student loans work, and would you participate? Why or why not?
How do you get yourself motivated when you have none?
Have you ever had a dream/premonition that came true? What was it? How accurate to your dream was the real events?
What live call screen recording software do you recommend for Microsoft Teams meetings?
What surprised you the most about growing up?
When is a time you wish you could back and change the past if it would mean your life would be better than it is now?
What are you looking forward to today and why?
What was the event which made you question your sanity?
[Serious] "The world is a Dark, Cold and angry place"- which real example from your life can you give to justify this statement ?
How do you get away with murder?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Whats a cool, cheap and not to big thing to decoration your room for a person who recently moved out into a small apartment ?
What is something most people love but you incredibly hate it?
Gamers Of Reddit , What some of the Most Smoothest Insults/Comebacks you have Heard While Gaming ?
What was your favorite pet?
If there are so many useless,dumb and irrelevent laws in USA, why arent they removed? Example: "You can't hold public office if you've been in a duel " ?
Introverts of Reddit, what mildly infuriates you about extroverts?
Would you reimburse a friend/sibling/spouse whose money was stolen from your car that you forgot to lock overnight?
Why the sudden is everyone suddenly an expert or a past recipient of abuse lately?
Redditors from Australia, how are y’all holding up?
People who’ve had their homes broken into while they were home, what happened?
[serious] LGBTQ+ people who’ve went to conversion therapy, what’s your story?
What minor task/chore do you hate so much that you curse through the 30 seconds it takes ?
What made you realise the person you are talking to is absolutely insane?
What store sells good rings for men?
Describe the last book you read in a brief sentence then copy to Bing search bar. What are the results?
Burning out a burnout .... What are the ways ?
Do you think that alcohol is actually an enjoyable feeling? Why or why not. What do you personally gain from it?
What offended you for the first time in your life?
How do you feel about life from a philosophical standpoint?
What's an emotion you've heard described, that you just can't understand or empathize with at all?
Financially responsible adults, advice on how you you do it?
What would you do if the government put 50k in everyone’s bank account everyday forever?
If you're missing screws from your lamp, why?
What do you think is meant by "science as human endeavor"?
What is something not related to religion you used to believe but now don't believe?
which movie made you cry the most?
People who fucked their best friend how did it happen?
What's your favorite "hack" for your dog/cat?
Apart from the Live Gore, Beheadings, No Consent Sex, Zoophilia and Many deplorable stuff -- what's the weirdest thing you ever found in the Dark Web?
You are in your stand seat at the game of the year in a sold out large stadium. Suddenly you appear on the stadium screen and the whole place erupts in laughter. What are you doing exactly in this moment?
What’s something you recently got a refund for and why?
What was the toughest decision you’ve ever had to make!?
People who have known a celebrity before they were famous, has anything changed in them? If so, what has changed?
What is peke saying in his sleep in tomodachi life?
Redditors on welfare what is your story?
What "artist" just feels like a manufactured product?
What's your opinion on Tiktok creators at the Met Gala?
What is a very efficient way to waste time?
How would it go if you ended up in a 1v1 with your username?
What TV show/movie will make you cry everytime?
What is your worst traveling experience?
If you could pick the 3 acts/bands of a concert dead or alive, who would you pick and in what order?
When you hear the word, “superpower” what are the top five you think off?
What's the best kept secret in life?
What is the funniest video you have ever seen?
How was your first time ? Are you glad you lost it to that person or not ?
If you get to choose one Youtube video to watch for the rest of your life, what video would that be?
What’s something that you’re happy about?
How accurate do you think Myers- Briggs personality tests are?
What's the creepiest story you have (can be any self experienced or just local legend)?
You get a $100 gift card for your birthday, what do you buy?
What made you realise life is too short?
What's a common word you've heard more than you've read, and what's a common word you've read more than you've heard?
What drink brings you back to your childhood?
What is your go to question when a conversation starts to die?
You find a Vending machine that can make any drink regardless, alcoholic or not. What do you get?
What would 2021 be like if we never had invented the internet?
Zoo workers of reddit what is the stupidest thing an adult tried to do?
Since Holloween is coming close, What is the scariest paranormal thing that has happened to you?
Who want a silver?
What is the dream place you wanna go before die?
What movie/series do you love or hate, and why?
What is something that you are too dumb to understand?
What was your best school year like?
You suddenly swich places with your worse enemy where are you right now?
What's your most destructive tendency that hurt someone close to you and did you ever fix it?
[Serious] School employees of Reddit, what is the most immoral and wrongful thing you’ve seen a student do?
how do you get in the mind of a fuck boy?
What’s a secret that you’re taking to the grave?
What's something that makes you happy in your life? And how you would describe the feeling?
What screams "I am privileged" ?
Redditors who exhibit themselves (NSFW), what's your reason?
What is your favorite quote from a fictional character that is quite sad with context?
What's the best wiping method?
If you were an egomaniacal Egyptian pharaoh what insane shit would you do?
Are you happy, are you truly where you want to be, do you wish something was different, what would you change?
People who have quit their job on the first day, what was your “Oh, no thank you” moment?
When did one person ruin it for everyone?
Which is the greatest Meme of all time?
Artists of Reddit: What OC would you never sell regardless of asking price?
What Pokémon do you think tastes the best?
What was your first Inspiration line in your life?
What was your “I’m not the donkey
What's the worst thing ever happened to you ?
If historical events had postcredit scenes, what would they be?
Many may know the movie line, ‘if you build it, they will come.’ (Field of Dreams). Which *actual World* construction, would you suggest has/will prove THE MOST expensive exception to that rule?
Who is a little-known YouTuber you watched religiously but forgot about or stopped watching? Are they still active?
Why should you live life like it's the last day?
What is something that people in the 22nd century will find really strange about us?
What's the most useful thing you own worth under $10?
How does a TSA agent know if you've overstayed your visa in a country?
Which celebrity would you get a video from on Cameo and what would you ask them to say?
What is your favorite Halloween themed movie to get into halloween mood and why?
what will you do if you have the power to turn invisible 2 hours per day ?
When would completely colonizing another planet be a possibility for humans? Do you think this is a good idea or not?
Which (PC, VR, Mobile, Console…) game are you proud of because it developed in your country?
Resistors who suffer from sleep paralysis, what is the worst experience you have with sleep paralysis?
Which actor has got the best voice for narration?
Spanish-speaking patrons of America: When talking negatively in Spanish about an employee that was attempting to help you, what exactly are you saying?
What fiction authors work would you not want to become a reality?
What is a "superstition" you strongly believe?
What age was your favorite birthday and why?
Ladies, What is the most obvious hint you've dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
What comes after love?
How do you tell your partner that she/he is getting fat without sounding like a piece of shit?
What kind of word when spelt right feels a bit off?
What’s something you wish you knew or figured out at an earlier age?
Which is the greatest mobile game of all time?
what's the first image that comes up to your mind when you see the word "vibration" ?
If one were to stay in there room for a weeks on end to avoid addictions, how do you think that would go?
People that grew up with two same sex parents, what were your experiences growing up ?
If you suspected that someone could read your thoughts, what would you think to expose them?
Redditors with Tourette Syndrome, what did you think/feel about your tics before and after getting diagnosed?
Marijuana users what’s the best/weirdest munchie creation you’ve made?
what is your “white whale” story?
What band/artist do you listen to, that no one you know has ever heard of?
What’s that person you don’t want to turn into?
If every country played American Football (NFL) who would be the top contenders to go to the "Global Bowl"?
What’s something that should be taught to kids?
What's something you witnessed that made you say WTF out loud?
People who live in places like Alabama, how do you feel about all the incest jokes?
To all men who started losing their hair,what was your first reaction?
What things are commonly found in your house in your country/city that is not commonly found in others?
If there was a zombie apocalypse and a zombie was trying to get into your room and the only thing you can defend your self is the object in front of you. What would that object be?
you're into some really messed up things, sexual or not (not illegal). what happened to make you like this?
What would you do or how would you prevent yourself from doing at least 1 mistake in anything you do?
What is something morally questionable that you do often?
What are some good examples of "life isn't fair"?
To you, what's the difference between someone your want to be friends with, and someone your want to date?
What is a punishment that would be cruel, unusual, but also hilarious?
What is your favorite fact?
Which countries wouldn't tolerate Karen?
What is your favourite word?
What is your least favourite word?
What is the most cringe moment you had in your life that’s still hard to look back at?
What came into your life as a blessing but turned out to be a curse?
Your user name is what kills you. How do you die?
What is a video you've seen before on the Internet that makes you laugh no matter how many times you've seen it?
What's a crazy dream that made you want to delete your brain?
What’s a name of a musical artist or group you could name that kids today have never heard of?
What is the most outrageous customer you ever had?
[serious] What's your best advice to find a gf?
What if someone curb stomped you and made you pick your teeth up off the floor like the tooth fairy?
What are some instances where you solved a real-life problem that had been bugging you for days?
If somebody successfully crosses the southern border into the US, what do they do once they get here?
What’s the last thing that made you cry?
What's a memory that you will never forget?
What’s a song you could name that kids today have never heard of?
What’s a movie you could name that kids today never heard of?
whats the strangest genre of music youve heard?
Those of you who were the cool kid in school, what made you realize you actually weren't?
What’s a tv show you could name that kids today have never heard of?
if you were daffy duck and you had a car door what would you do?
What are some red flags when applying for a job?
Old heads of Reddit, what is the problem with the youth? Youth of Reddit, what is the problem with old heads?
What’s a passionate interests of yours?
What is the most obvious lie you got away with?
You are possessed by a demon that will kill you in 24 hours if you do not impress it, what do you do?
What would humans do if moon started falling on earth ? Is there any possibility that humans will survive ?
What are some daily things most people do but didn’t realize it’s harmful for the environment?
People that get into relationships with ease, how do you suppress the dread of being with a person all day and night if you like being alone?
What do Americans think of the video where Rick Astley performs "Never gonna give you up"?
Have you ever had a realization that you aren’t good person, if so how did you realize?
What's the worst state you've seen someone in?
[SERIOUS] What are some conspiracy theories that might ACTUALLY be true?
What's the dumbest thing you ever did?
What was the naughtiest thing you did at your school?
What’s the most courageous thing you’ve ever seen someone do?
what's the best way to troll on promoted reddit adds without breaking the rules?
What song lyric hits different?
What's your favorite artificial flavor?
What would happen if money wasn't a constraint?
Dear, askreddit. What’s the reason why you had to break up with your S/O who you had a ldr with? And why?
What cell phone are you currently using?
If you could domesticate any wild animal, what would it be?
Who do you think you are?
Have you ever been catfished ? What was it like and how did you find out?
As a child all used to bluff, what was the most hilarious bluff you heard?
What do you do when you feel low?
What seems illegal but isn't?
How would you explain mobile phones from the 2020s to someone in the 1920s?
There was a guy called Donald j Trump who was the last US President, those who heard of him what did you think of him?
At the rate we are going, how many more years do you think our planet has before becoming inhospitable?
What are the toughest jobs in the world?
What is a dumb/unnecessary argument you had today and with whom?
What things will be probably finished in the next 10 years?
What’s the oldest thing in your house?
Who's ready for a new counter culture movement to oppose virtue signaling in marketing?
What is a not so fun fact?
Debt Collectors of reddit, what is the most depressing thing you've ever done?
What do you appreciate about life?
What keeps you up at night?
What will happen when the glaciers of the Himalaya completely melt and the rivers run dry?
how , a JAV director explain scenes to actors ?
What is the best way to eat Fun Dip?
You are now trapped in the world of the last video game you played. What do you do?
What’s something you’re convinced almost everyone does, but won’t admit too?
What sounds like a compliment but is actually an insult?
What's your weirdest go-to snack?
Flat Earthers of Reddit, why are you 100% convinced the Earth is flat even though thousands of years of scientific research proves otherwise?
What’s something that crosses your mind but you don’t say it out loud because if you did, people will think you’re crazy?
What potential riches or fame were you robbed off for whatever reasons?
What was your most bad moment occur in your life?
What jobs can a maths degree lead too?
What is one regret you had, and how did you get over it?
How do you learn to whistle?
Reddit migrants from developing countries, when did you realise you're now living in a 1st world country?
Who hates you? Why?
what's a show that helped you out of a rough time or helped you cope with your situation in life?
What are some significant technological advances in the past 5 years that people don’t know about?
[serious]If a friend told you they feel really anxious and have 1-2 hours free time to do something to relax or make themselves feel good, what would you recommend?
What’s the most unexpected thing somebody did to you in bed and did you end up liking it?
What's the weirdest compliment you've ever received?
Managers of Reddit, what was your "I am the manager" moment with a karen?
Reddit users what at 2am is just right for you're so hungry but not sure ?
[Serious] What's your best advice about dating for an introvert?
What’s a novelty that doesn’t wear off?
What’s the key to having a high value social discussion?
What are some good books on living a carefree happy life?
Providing a link, what is your favorite porno?
What is the most quoteable movie ever?
You fell into a pool of elixir of life. What do you do?
What if all of the cis battle droids shrunk to the size of ants? How would this affect the clone wars?
Railways, autos, planes, cell phones (etc.), all changed society, What is the next technological thing that will change society as profoundly as these items did?
Hey Reddit, what was your “15 seconds of fame”?
Which "phases" did you go through in life?
What's a skill that only exists in your culture/area?
reincarnation or an afterlife which would you prefer?
What kind of brand of mattress is really good to lay on?
What'd you do if your Textdoor neighbour sent you a dick pic?
What movie from the 90s would symbolize the entire decade and why?
How would you make your hobby sound as weird as possible?
Police men of Reddit, what's the perfect crime?
What kind of cake would you want for your 37th birthday?
What’s elon musks moring routine?
What was the final thing that happened to you to make you decide that you needed to go back to college and get more education?
What is super satifactory if you do it to yourself, but super gross if you do it to someone else?
What is your favorite video game that failed in an essential category, such as gameplay or story?
Whats a sexual act you want to try?
What was your biggest “I’m not trying to gatekeep but...” moment?
What makes you rethink life?
Have you volunteered a friend or family member for a reality tv/makeover show and got rejected by the person? What was the reasoning & did it affect the relationship?
What double standard/common knowledge/thing that most people are taught to be true is absolutely stupid and makes no sense?
What post have you seen that created the most toxic comments section and if so link it down below?
What is your favorite classic arcade game?
Redditors who did not go to college, how is your life now?
What would you get if everything was free at Walmart for 10 minutes and why?
What is a "not so fun" fact?
What if your son brought home a prostitute and she stole everything in the house and kicked your teeth in?
You are the lamest superhero. What's your super power?
What are the principles you live by each day?
Redditors whose parents gave you both their last names, what last name will you give your children?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
The question for gamers is what is the largest amount you donated to the game?
Who are you thinking about right now? Why?
Which series was better, Power about Tariq or Raising Kanan?
Students of reddit, how do you memorise your notes fast?
what is the last song you remember hearing?
What's a compliment you didn't know you needed until you got it?
If you could change one thing about dating apps, what would it be?
What was your “that’s impossible but I have to do it” moment?
What phrase do you catch yourself saying a lot when you’re drunk?
Which place has the best view in your opinion?
What unpopular places should people visit?
What it do bruv?
what is the major threat to Google?
Would you mate with your wife's scat why or why not?
What do you currently need right this moment?
What song snapped you out of a funk/low time on your life?
Which celebrity has aged shockingly?
Which are the things you did not expect to already exist?
What was the moment that you went from being a child to an adult?
Coca-Cola with pizza or Pepsi with pizza? Which do you prefer along side it?
What pick-up lines have actually worked on you?
What is one obscure internet site you recommend to others, but nobody has ever recommended to you?
Who made you really mad? What would you say to them if you could?
Nathan for You Fans: what failing business are you fixing, and how?
What are some tips on how to be a better and happier person?
What made you fall in love with your partner?
Why would a dolphin become a far right extremist, and what will sharks do in a tumultuous political climate?
What were you told when you were young that really stuck with you?
Suppose you had the power to say something that would make someone feel better or agree to your argument. The only catch being that YOU have no idea what you've said and everytime someone brings it up, it sounds like gibberish. would you use this power? what would you do with it and why?
What are the things that people need but just didn't realize yet?
You’re about to be stranded on a deserted island but you can bring three items with you. What do you bring?
When was the moment you decided to jump ship on your previous religious view?
People of Reddit, what is the biggest age gap you’ve had in a relationship?
What was the highlight of your highschool career?
Actors of Reddit, what is it like dating as an actor?
All of the animals on earth now have the intelligence of humans - what happens?
What is the weirdest song to play at the funeral?
You’re a secret agent and your directive is to distract everyone in a public plaza by acting like a “crazy person”. What’s your first course of action?
Chinese women, why so feisty?
What happened with reddit and tiktok?
Can an astronaut to take a PlayStation, Nintendo switch or a smartphone to the ISS so they can enjoy that in thier free time or how do they spend their free time?
What is a small thing that really improves your life?
Oh na na, what's mah name?
Is it weird to think that game companies won’t change things if it doesn’t affect their profits? Why or why not?
What's your "If I wasn't wearing a helmet" story?
What was the scariest thing to happen at school?
What is your best approach in handling long-time friendships where people have changed in ways you don’t expect (sensitive to sorta insensitive, caring to kinda oblivious etc.) ?
Superficial women of Reddit, what does the guy who made this post need to do to be the Donald to your Melania?
If Nick Cage’s last name wasn’t cage, what other interesting object would it be?
Women, what does it feel like to be labeled a slut?
Who’s the most evil person of all time?
What celebrity your wallpaper?
How bad is it to live near a cow/pig farm?
What’s a stereotype about your country?
Rule34 Artists of reddit quick question, fucking why?
If an extraterrestrial came to earth and asked you to explain procreation, how would you do so?
What's something you deeply regret about your childhood?
If your pet could talk, what would they say?
Whats a dream that changed you over night?
What’s your fav assassins creed game mines black flag yours?
How much hours do you spend each week at work/school?
Which do you believe is healthiest? Being an optimist, a pessimist or a realist? Which of these are you?
Whats your biggest sexual regret?
What if you went blind and your pussy stopped getting wet?
What's the most disrespectful you've ever been whit someone?
what is the mmeaning of the word penis?
What’s the coolest outer space fact you know?
Where were you when the drugs began to take hold?
Who is the worst protagonist?
Does it ever annoying you when people ask questions that they would be able to find, if they spent a couple minutes/seconds looking?
How’s life treating ya?
Do different types of breads (sourdough / rye / white / wholemeal / etc) have specific usage / match / pairing?
What is the weirdest dream/nightmare you've ever had?
Catfish of reddit...why'd you do it?
What are the most reliable sources to change an opinion on corona statistics?
In your opinion, who is the hottest game show host?
People who don't take dumps at other peoples' houses, why? Are you offended when someone takes a dump at your house?
What rap artist makes most other modern artists sound like shit by comparison?
Redditors, What are lucid dreams and why do people have them?
If you were to play an extremely devious 2 Vs 2 game that requires extremely high level of trust with 1 billion dollars as the final prize and death of both you and your families if you lost, who you got as your partner and why?
People of Reddit, how the hell do you know if you’re with the person you want to pursue life with?
What BS religion would you create, if you knew it would have actual followers?
Ever get the feeling sometimes when a random stranger asks for help, money, directions, etc. that God, the universe, or whatever spiritual presence you believe in is testing your good nature?
Why do you hate the color purple?
What is something that is popular in India and popular in China?
What do you do when you get bored with your life to try and spice it up some?
What do you think is the dumbest change in the society in recent years?
What video game quote can you use to describe your sex life?
People who were overweight and then lost it all, what's your story?
What will the future look like in 100 years from now compared to current society ? Will we be considered barbaric in some sense ?
Reddit world, what’s the best song on your running mix?
How was your first relationship experience?
What's the worst thing you've seen at school?
What to do when your principal at school is a pervert?
You can summon one fictional character for 24 hours (along with any belongings that are strongly related to them), specifically for you, with no competition for their affections. Who are you choosing?
What makes you unbearably angry for no reason?
Without revealing your age, what cartoon did you you grew up with?
If you had the ability to dig with your hands, what sort of heroic deeds would you do?
What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
What's the stupidest thing you did as a kid?
What is the biggest lie you have ever been told?
Dear people of Reddit, What was your "Get off my lawn" moment?
How did you find your partner?
What’s the most strange/dumb rule you’ve had at a job or school?
What are some movies where everything goes right?
What is the best thing happened to you during the pandemic lockdown?
What is the best pickup line for a rich girl?
If churches were no longer tax exempt, what benefits would they gain?
What no longer exists that you thought would exist forever?
What inanimate object do you feel bad for?
What effects will Universal Basic Income have on the planet once AI dominates everything?
What song is so overplayed you want to stab your eardrums when it plays?
If you are rich or a millionaire, tell us how did you do it and what advice could you give us who want to improve our economic situation?
What's your favorite video game of all time?
What is a constant in every relationship you've had and what does that say about you?
How do you tell people to "wear a mask" without actually telling them to wear a mask?
Were any of the Native American tribes on the east coast known for their fishing abilities? If so... what were some of their techniques? If not... what did they do instead of fishing?
Who is the person you love the most?
What brings you genuine happiness?
What is your "the meaning of life"?
What do you think about death penalty?
How would World War II have been different if Megatron from Transformers was a member of the Empire of Japan?
Do people really crash weddings? If you have, what was your experience?
If you could change the flavor of water, what would you change it to?
What do you have to do to make a lot of money? And what field?
What's your happiest memory?
What is the most amazing way to repurpose an expanded polystyrene foam (styrofoam) cooler?
What is the craziest thing you'll probably never say again in public?
What shouldn't be socially acceptable?
What are some things?
What is the worst poop you ever had?
[Serious] People who attempted suicide what stopped you?
What is a movie that should not have had a sequel?
What's one thing you hope to see in your lifetime?
Dear Users of R/AskReddit. Who was/is the worst teacher you've ever had?
What actions are you ashamed of now?
When did you not see things for what they actually were?
[Serious] What is the best step by step way to find limits in Calculus?
What's the worst thing you saw on reddit?
[Serious] People who tried to commit suicide, but failed what's your story?
How long does the humanity have to live ?
What did you do on your very first cake day?
When is it acceptable, if ever, to disobey the law?
What’s something that taste good while expired?
What is a hard truth that took you too long to accept?
What's your most controversial film opinion?
what are some positive and negative effects on society on FBI?
What are your thoughts on marriage being pointless in today’s society?
What was the weirdest thing you found in an abandoned place?
If you could erase the ending of any movie in your mind to just feel it again, which would it be and why?
What is the best way to pull an all nighter?
What happens in Oblivion if Dar-Ma dies before Hackdirt quest starts?
Is it hard to teach yourself how to play an instrument?
What's a secret that you would never tell anyone?
What happened when you weren’t able to pay the bill, at a restaurant?
What are some crazy hide and seek spots that nobody would think of?
Women, what's the ideal height difference between you and a guy you're into?
How did you know you were Bisexual?
Since China bought Reddit, what is the worst question America could ask?
If you were a taco, how would you go about explaining that to your parents?
WHat’s the worst thing you’ve seen done to food before it was consumed?
What’s it the most fucked up thing you have ever seen ?
What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
What's a good book for low-confidence anxious person who fears change, loss, and the unknown?
How did you find out what you wanted to do with your life?
Was their ever an event in your life when you thought it was fictional but it actually happened, if so can you tell us?
What do you want to see happen in the new Matrix movie and its inevitable sequels?
What if someone made a movie called Apocalypse Cow?
How often do you have sexual thoughts?
Where do the smallest people live, and how fun would it be to go there and be a giant?
Metalheads of reddit, why do you think nu-metal is so hated but so loved?
What did you do anonymously?
What's your favorite philosophical theory?
How do you know when you are in love with someone?
What is your favorite part about being you?
White guys of Reddit, how much romantic interest do you get from nonwhite women vs white women?
If you could be any Pokémon, What would you be and why?
Where do you store your porn?
If you could be any animal, What would you be and why?
What fetishes/kinks have you fulfilled for a partner and what was it like?
you are now the size of a giant. what do you do with your new found strength and size?
You have a magical food dispenser in your kitchen. What dish/sauce/food do you have on standby at all times?
What is your version of “this is my hell”?
What's your most controversial food opinion?
Professional cooks - what is a secret cooking tip/recipe you’re willing to give up?
People of Reddit, whats you "Gotta enjoy the little things"?
What’s something that turns you on about a woman or man ?
What do all of you adult-children still sneak around your parents these days?
If you had to wear one hat, 24/7, for the rest of your life, which hat would you wear and why?
Direction of TP, creamer before or after coffee.. what are you top pet peeves?
Successful people, what is the actual way to find success and wellness in life?
How do you avoid getting eaten by your mate?
Iphone or Android? Why?
What are some hard to swallow pills?
Redditors with penises… what is the correct technique for urinating whist wearing boxers? Flap or no flap?
when is the best season to fall in love?
I’ve seen some videos about people not passing cop cars on the highway in usa, why?
People who live alone or are often alone at home, how often do you talk to yourself and what do you talk about?
What is your favorite radio station from the GTA series?
What kind of things are going to turn the frogs gay?
Which lyric of WAP is the most inspiring?
You must identify a location on a map knowing you can only travel within a 100 mile (160 km) radius from it for the rest of your life. Where do you pick?
What's your opinion about Vegan movement?
If a detective had 24 hours to find a dollar bill you had 1 hour to hide in your house, where would you hide it?
If someone asked to see the dance of your people, what would you show them?
Theist of reddit why do you believen god? [Serious]
What are your thoughts on Reddit Island? Do you think it’d work with the right conditions, why?
If you could travel back in time and give one piece of advice to someone, who would it be and what would you say?
Priests and/or Pastors of Reddit- What is the "worst" thing someone has told you in a confession?
What if you were crazier than the crazy frog?
People who've had concussions before, what were some fun things that you did to pass the time without your phone, watching tv, or reading?
Whats a kink you dont understand why people like it?
What's the most bizarre or sad thing you have ever heard someone say while talking in their sleep?
If you could, what song would you want to die to?
What’s a successful career path to get into for a mid 20s who never went to college?
What animal makes the most unexpected noise?
Noah’s Ark has been found, and revealed that God did judge the earth thousands of years ago, What is your next thought?
What if you weren't such a pathetic loser?
[Serious] What did you do to cure or improve your depression?
what is the best breed of rabbit for a pet?
What are ways to become a better and more respectful man?
What was your wisdom teeth experience?
What's the first song you think of when someone says they're from America?
How do you deal with stress?
What is something you recently have seen, that you wish you can unsee?
What are the great things that are considered bad?
What's the best way to get over a 4.5 yr relationship?
What is your best memory from high school?
Is it harder/more stressful to be seriously ill or to take care of a family member who is seriously ill?
If someone put a shotgun to the back of your head what wouldn't you do?
Whats a red flag for you when you go for your first date?
What is your dream Video Game? Is it impossible with modern technology like SOA VR?
What if you could give up everything and live homeless on the street with no money addicted to crack?
(Obviously without personal info)Who are you?
Which family is the equivalent of royalty in your country?
How long are you gonna let these fat cat scum bend you over the table for bub?
Whats the story your grandparent/s always repeated?
How do you not get bored of using reddit?
What are the things that “ugly” people experience?
What are some of your experiences with a spoiled person?
What would you sing at karaoke night?
Whats the best interaction with a stranger youve experienced?
What made you want to go into your career field?
How much money do you make, including age and job?
Redditors using the old Reddit, how are you faring? Will you ever switch to the new design?
What acronym does Y.O.U.T.U.B.E stands for?
Do you feel unconditionally loved? Why or why not?
What is your best excuse why you are not rich?
What’s the best advice can you offer to your fellow Redditors?
What is the scariest dream you've ever had?
If you are allowed to do any single crime what it should be?
What’s a question that would make a game of truth or dare more interesting?
When two people love each other - Really... Love each other - but they just can't get it together, when do you get to that point where enough is enough?
Guilty by POA? What does that mean?
What's your most extreme act of kindness that you haven't told anyone about?
What’s the loneliest you have ever felt?
NASA has just tasked you with creating a album of music to send into space to give alien life a taste of human culture through our music. Pick 5 songs, or musical compositions from any time period of human civilization. What are your choices, Reddit?
What's an indication that someone is prone to making bad decisions?
Divorced couples who got remarried your ex again what happend?
What do boomers understand that Gen Z never will?
As a child what did you believe to be real when it was in reality fake?
(Serious) What are some useful licenses you can gain online?
What is a scene from a film show that really disturbed you?
What are some useful apps that DON’T require Internet?
Men, what are some of the key memories you have of your mother?
What’s the most personal thing a stranger has ever told you?
What item if forgotten at home ruins your day?
What book helped you see your life, flaws, fears, etc. in a much more positive light? Any good confidence boosters?
Men who have grown their hair out, cut it, and grew it again. Is it easier the second time?
What is the best thing ever happened to you ?
People who fantasize about a relationship or friendship with a celebrity. What is your dream scenario in which you end up together?
What is a scene from a movie show that really disturbed you?
How is your day/night going?
Objectively, what color is gravity?
When was the moment your favorite singer became your favorite singer?
When did the class bully take it too far?
What are some options around hiring a moving company to go from one house to another? As in tips, tricks, advice, to make it easier to do it yourself?
What If xanax was free for everybody woukd you abuse it on a day to day basis ?
What is a song you thought was innocent as a kid, but later found out it wasn't?
What was your biggest fear as a kid?
If every career paid the same & college was free, do you think people would still go through all the schooling necessary for highly skilled jobs, why or why not?
Favorite catchphrase(s) from a TV show or movie that you use all the time?
How do you make friends in your mid 20s?
What Is The Meaning Of Your Life?
What dark things have you seen on Twitter?
What's the most disgusting TMI someone has ever told you?
What is something that most people find gross but you actually find really satisfying?
If you were allowed to pick any single unsolved mystery, and suddenly learned every uncovered aspect and detail about it, which one would you pick and why?
What fictional character has impacted you the most?
How'd you manipulate people to, only comment "CUM 69" to a question?
What is your favorite sport?
What do you do for a living, and are you happy with it?
What makes you question your sanity?
What would be your biggest regret if you died at this very moment?
If you were to commit murder and could blame it on anyone else in the world, and everyone would believe it, who would you murder and who would you blame?
Customers of Reddit, what was one time you wanted to be a total Karen due to frustrating workers, but held back?
What is your favorite funny or interesting historical factoid?
Ever tried indian filter coffee? What other coffees have you tried? What's their specialty?
breathing in or breathing out: which half of the yawn is better?
People who complain about housing prices, but also want to combat climate change, how do you resolve these contradicting positions?
What if a million memes related to exams ans students are posted below this post?
Who is the meanest teacher you ever had?
What if what palpatine said was true and the Jedi were trying to take over the republic? What would the galactic republic look like if the jedi successfully established an oligarchy over the republic controlled by the jedi?
What's the best thing about the internet?
Whob ar what is thr reason for words and the party?
What is your country’s/group’s cure-all remedy?
What is the best argument for something after death, that isn’t eternal nothing?
What's up with a 20k viewer stream being recommended all the time? Is a random stream selected everyday to be promoted? Its a different stream every day with the same amount of views. How does this work?
How do you cope with guilt of something that wasn’t your fault?
What if your boss said you get a promotion but in reality it's not a promotion and he takes you in a helicopter ride and throws you off the side like in Scarface?
If we found out that Aliens communicated with Memes instead of mathematics which memes would define each race?
What are the reasons for morning intense pain in ankels, heel bone and lower back pain regularly?
Those who have heard about him, what do you think about Nipsey Hussle?
What is a skill that you have seriously perfected?
As people have physically evolved over the years , what major changes do you think will take place in 200 years on the human body ?
Across all of human history, past and present, which humans do you think have best represented each the the respective seven deadly sins and why?
Which body type do you find the most attractive?
whats the weirdest/worst thing an ex (or ex friend) did?
What's your advice for a high schooler?
Whats a memorable moment from a first date?
What rule would you add to any sport to spice it up?
What’s your daily routine to gather or achieve extra energy for the day?
You're tasked with solving overpopulation. How do you do it?
What are your food staples?
In 100 years, what do you think people will wonder how we lived without?
What do people get oddly competitive with you about during conversation?
You are aware of a crime committed by a family member, $20,000 reward pops up what you doing?
How could you freak out past generations with modern technology?
What is the most popular beer in Romania?
How often do you clear your phone and computer from junk files?
How do those red rubber hot water bottles not explode with steam build-up?
Fashionable people of Reddit, what’re we doing wrong?
Pizza makers of Reddit. What compels you to leave so much crust when you're adding toppings?
Whats somethings that looking back on it was really fucked up?
What was the truth that shocked you when you found out?
How would redditors change the constitution of a country if allowed?
What jobs pay 100k after taxes that doesn’t require college?
What is a film adaption of a book that you found to be pretty close to the source material?
What are some superstitions you believe to be true despite everyone calling them superstitions and deunking them?
What do you think is the craziest thing a human has ever experienced?
How come no one has built a dam around a volcano to prevent lava from flowing out?
How long did you date your SO before you got married ?
Teenagers of Reddit, how do you deal with depression/anxiety?
Men, what's something you wish your girlfriend/SO would understand?
When does a religious group become a cult?
What are some subreddits everyone needs to know about?
What was the greatest memory you have about StumbleUpon?
What terrified you as a child?
Those of you who have grandparents or other older relatives that are POC: what are some racist things that you've heard them say?
What is the question that you did not find an answer to?
What are (if any) some psychological issues with sissies and cuckold people?
What entertaining TVs/film character would be a nightmare to live with in real life?
Which song would you steal from everyone's memory and claim for yourself?
What is one time you played stupid to get out of a situation?
What was the weirdest conversation you've overheard in school?
People with theoretical degree in physics, why don't we make a space elevator?
What are the reasons that some animated films are never released?
What's your opinion on sex scenes in movies?
People who choose revolvers over something like a Glock or a 1911 why?
If you could bring back one famous person from the dead, who would it be and why?
What is the best way of get rid of hiccups?
People who converted to another faith, did you find what you were looking for?
What Are Your Favourite ARGs( Alternate Reality Game)?
Which restaurant do you think makes the best French fries and why?
What was your biggest "WAIT! I CAN EXPLAIN!" moment?
Whats The Most Scariest Thing You Saw At Night?
Who would people be surprised to find out is still alive?
What do the numbers mean, mason?
What happened to your first crush?
What are some weird history facts you know?
What would your last words be if someone slut your throat and made you beg god for forgiveness?
Out of the SEVEN DEADLY SINS which one if removed would benefit everyone the most?
What is the dumbest animal?
Forget zodiac signs, what is your height?
Time for a throwaway. What secret could ruin your life or someone else's if it came out?
People who know that they are loved, what’s it like?
How do you react when, at a cash register for an order, your bill totals to $6.66 ?
If you could go back in time and do one thing differently, what would it be?
What is your most favorite toy or game from your childhood?
What do you look forward to everyday?
What if on your 18th birthday, they told you, you are actually a billionaire and you can do what ever you want with it. What would you do??
When is the best time to post on this sub?
What made you realize you did/did not chose the right career path?
How important do you feel it is to have a dinner with your family every night?
What relatively mundane sentence or phrase would have sounded insane 25 years ago?
Which character is the least worthy of Mjolnir?
What do you think of when see all the stars at night?
What is something you saw on the internet that changed your life?
[Serious] What celebrity, past or present, is portrayed as a saint in the media but what was actually terrible behind closed doors?
To which actress you frequently get crush on?
People who constantly delete WhatsApp messages during conversations with no apparent reason, why?
If you could terminate just one subreddit, which would it be?
What was the most useful thing you learned from Reddit?
People who have opened their car doors at a stop light to empty their trash all over the road before the light turns green and you drive away, why do you do that?!
Who’s a politician that both Democrats and Republicans can agree is annoying?
How would you react if you went to your girlfriend's parents house and she was in a extremely heated argument with her dad when all of a sudden, she grabs her father by the balls and slams him on the head?
Which is better, PC or Console?
What is your opinion on oblivion?
Teenagers and other younger people here on ask Reddit if your feeling numerous thoughts of self harm what do you do to escape it?
What do cops do if the person they arrested has a handcuff fetish?
How do you know that you love someone?
Forget zodiac signs, what's your shoe size?
What are some things people have done because God told them to?
What's your or someone else's secret that you know, that you'll take with you to your grave?
What was a weird fun thing you did with your siblings as a child, that you miss doing now?
What new rule would you implement and why ?
What is a classical song you know how it sounds or its lyrics but don't know the name?
Social workers of Reddit, what are crazy some stories you can tell us from your job?
Unexpected/expected death - to those that have been around both, what’s easier? Or ways to make it easier?
Successful entrepreneurs of reddits, how did you get out of the rat race?
What if you dropped $20 and your ex girlfriend that you haven't got over yet picked it up and bought her new bf mcdonald's?
What is the most fastest and efficient way to grow a subreddit?
What is the first nightmare you remember?
Would herpes be a dealbreaker for you? Why or why not?
What tickles your jimmies?
People of reddit who play competitive games, why do you put other people down for not being "good"?
What do you think REALLY killed the dinos?
Between Facebook, tik tok, twitter, tumblr, reddit, discord, and instagram, what social media do you think will die first (Reddit is a social platform more but still)?
What was your darkest hour and how did you overcome it?
What’s your most hated pseudo-phrase?
What's a series intro you never skip?
What’s the most random fact you know?
Whats your "Holy shit how did I do that" moment?
Those who went onto tattoo shows for cover ups either competition, others choose or you choose. How are y'all holding up with it?
You can bring back 3 things from your favorite decade what would it be?
What's your favorite motivational quote to start the day?
What would you do if your 20 year old friend was dating a 36 year old?
What is your opinion about lemongrab? What are your reasons? Did you find someone similar in your life?
What’s a good song to play at a wedding reception, when walking out after giving the bride away?
Ladies, what’s your favorite perfume? Men, what’s your favorite perfume on women?
What’s your favorite thing about Scotland?
Have you ever been scammed? What happened after?
What's a regional food from where you're from that everyone should try?
What's your weird story about "That" door?
What would happen if Dom Toretto killed John Wick’s dog and John Wick killed Dom’s family?
what do you think would happen if hitler didnt get rejected, and how schools will teach him?
You're a serial killer, what are you known for?
What are some things you do to calm down that wouldn't typically be considered calming by most people?
What is the dumbest thing on Reddit, and why is it that if you block someone, they can still comment to you, but you can no longer comment to them?
What do men truly want in a woman?
When did you start using Reddit?
Self proclaimed trolls: why do you spend hours to days trying to convince people they're angry at you? You do realize other people aren't extensions of you and you're not actually controlling them, right?
Why are you not sleeping right now?
fellow redditors who have been arrested, what was it like to see or hear yourself broadcasted about on the news?
What's your best childhood memory?
What do you really want to get off of your chest?
Redditors , what is your 'glitch in the matrix' moment?
What's a kink you're too afraid to tell your partner you have?
What is a zeta redkey and what was your experience with it?
What is something you are never going to give up?
what is the most unassuming thing that can spy on you?
What is the weirdest thing you saw when looking over someone’s shoulder who was texting?
What should one do if the countertops and sinks in their apartments are too short for them, especially in the one in question is a renter and can't simply replace them?
During sex, your partner says, "Brace for impact." What happens next?
How long after sitting in bed reading your phone with your elbows bent does your a/hands start to go numb?
What were people in the 90’s wrong about when predicting the future?
what's something that you think is totally insane that the rest of the world accepts as "normal"?
What is a male/female music collaboration you wish would happen?
What is a luxury most places, but we in the “first world” view as a right?
Parents of Reddit: what has been the most hurtful thing your child ever said to you?
What if someone kicked your teeth in and while you were laying there your gf broke up with you?
What's the best way for someone to end it all after relapsing into a bad habit that has already destroyed every relationship they had?
What is your opinion that a male views porn while having sex with spouse to aid arousal?
[Serious] Blues and jazz musician Tom Waits once said "Reality is for people who can't handle drugs". What are your thoughts on this?
Would you date someone who has the same name as your mom or dad?
what's an example of "schrodinger's cat" that has happened to you?
Reddit, what’s your favorite candy? Or you a chocolate or fruity candy type person?
Have you ever decided to watch a film/show that a younger you used to watch? What was it and how did it compare now to back then?
[SERIOUS] What are your parting wishes? As in when you die, what do you want your loved ones to do with your remains, the ceremony and the "gathering" of the people?
What is the dumbest thing your friend has done around you?
Why do you think Americans seem more entitled and aggressive than people from other countries?
What was the biggest misconception about becoming an adult?
Opinion on watching porn while in a relationship? Is it cheating? Is it disrespectful? Does it matter at all? What you think redditors?
What good things your country doesn't have because politics?
What's the craziest thing you've seen while on another country?
What are interesting and fun journal prompts?
"There's no such thing as bad publicity" - What are real life events that actually were bad publicity and destroyed the person/company?
Soccer players of Reddit - a) how do you do a header and b) how in the hell do you aim it in the right direction?
Ladies of Reddit, what is one song a guy can sing that will melt your heart?
How babies are made?
What was your spookiest nightmare?
Who are the Vikings/Pirates of today? i.e., what are the people who don't have wealth/live in developing nations, but work hard and develop skills (not necessarily battle skills) do to make lasting wealth? Wages arent enough for wealth creation for most people, so what are the pioneers doing?
What's a lesser known scam that we should be alert on?
What was the first thing that you ever copied and pasted?
in a pinch, what's the largest item you think you could smuggle in your butt crack?
What things you wished you knew before turning 30?
People on Reddit who were cheated on in a relationship, how did you find out that you were cheating?
What's a clothing trend that you think is stupid?
[serious] For those redditors that are terminally ill, what life experiences do you regret not seeking out?
What scientific concept would improve everybody's cognitive toolkit?
What if you just got payed and you only have air force 1's, would you buy any xanax?
what mind-blowing fact keeps you up at night?
What's the worst thing you could do with a roll of toilet paper?
How do you ask your parents for a psychiatrist if you think you have a personality disorder but your parents don’t think you do?
What are the best bots on reddit?
Whales, why are you spending hundreds or thousands on games instead of literally anything else?
Does delta 8 show up on drug tests?
If 99% of microwaveable popcorn bags say “do not use popcorn button” then why does every microwave have a popcorn button and what is it used for?
Soooo, what are YOU cursed with?
What is your special memory of childhood that leave a deep impression on you?
What’s the song that comes to your mind when you think of your first love?
What are some dating mistakes most people make, and how can they correct them?
What wouldve happened if the UK refused to surrender its property Hong Kong and it continued being the only free country in the region?
What is the most vivid case of deja vu you have ever experienced?
What happened to you that you believe in the paranormal now?
When someone passes away what are your options to do with their car...Can you pay off their car loan in full (today) in order to keep their car? Dose one have to inherent their loan?
Who wishes they were a part of #origamicamp ?
If you could only go on vacation to one place for the rest of your life, where would you go and why?
What's the weirdest thing someone's done in the same vehicle as you?
What is the BEST or WORST roommate you have ever had?
If you could bring back one dead celebrity, who would it be and why?
If you could remove one thing about the human body permanently, what would it be?
Serious question: Why do women wear nose rings?
What would you do if Covid-19 no longer existed?
What type of pets do you all have?
What is the personality of a shannon?
What keeps you awake at night?
People Who Wrote to an Advice Column (Dear Abby, Miss Manners, and the like), Did You Take the Advice? What Happened?
Car Mechanics of Reddit — what is it about working under the hood of cars that causes back pain?
If someone ran up to you and said "your gonna die soon". What do you say back?
What behaviors are a dead giveaway of a a person who is being fake?
Regardless of your actual age, how old do you feel and why?
What skill do you have that you wish you didn’t?
What’s a good queen or king mattress on the firmer side that doesn’t cost thousands of dollars?
What’s making you feel old?
What do you think of the idea that white racism may be based on fears or jealousy felt by white men toward black men based on their attractiveness toward white women? [Serious]
What’s something you did when you were younger, and you still haven’t been caught to this day?
What are your tricks to keep yourself from getting tired midday at work?
Is it wrong to prefer IPA beer over a bud light or Busch beer in college? Why do people make such a big deal about it?
People of reddit what are your best Foreplay tips that spice up the bedroom?
Do you wash meat before cooking it? Why or why not?
If your son was a sex offender, as a parent what would you do or react?
People who have night mares often, what was your scariest nightmare yet?
What does the Mandela effect mean?
What modern video game would you consider more of a labor of love than somethings rushed out for max profits?
What’s your most embarrassing moment?
What does it say about us as a society that The Mask Singer is one of the most popular shows on TV?
What household appliances can be used as insults?
Who is someone from your life whose death gave you sheer happiness?
Who is your favorite BRAD you have ever met?
What is something that is misconstrued as being one way, but is actually the exact opposite?
If your SO agreed 100% to name your 1st born after any Star Trek character ever, which character do ya'll choose?
EU4 Players of Reddit, How many formables nations have you formed so far and which?
Most unique actor? Which actor/actress had the most roles that could only be played by him/her?
What is the most fucked up thing you found about your family?
What seasonal Jobs "3-6 months" can you make a years income off of??
What are the many questions you have about no afterlife, or afterlife?
Who is someone you’d want to punch square in the face? Why?
Trump supporters of Reddit - what quality do you see in Trump that makes you think he was the best person to lead the USA?
If Someone Makes Pancakes are they a Chef or a Baker ? What makes the differences between a Chef and a Baker ?
What Subreddit do you think more people should know about?
At what age did the matriarch of your family baby sit you when your parents went out to have a quiet dinner with out their child being there?
What 2 fictional characters would you love to see fight?
In about 45 days you will die. Right now you are making a video for your loved ones to say goodbye on a more personal level. What is the first thing you say in this video?
Women of reddit what is your "Alpha male" tries to fight your boyfriend for you type story?
People who were the dumb, weird kid in school, how do you think you turned out?
what would you want to to be the next currency after a apocalipse.why and what apocalipse?
What name do you hate or causes you to be in a bad mood when you hear it?
What slang word or expression bothers you the most?
People who bought/downloaded things from sponsors What are you upset about?
[Serious] What are some resources, investigative articles, research or books if someone wanted go down a rabbit hole about who really controls the world financially?
On average, how many books do you read a year?
What is something that you figured out only weeks later?
To the people who learned English as a second language, what words in English do you find particularly difficult to pronounce?
People who planned pregnancies, what did you make sure was in order first?
What’s something that happened to you that would have gone on the news if anyone knew about it?
People who are not on TikTok, why not?
What is the silliest/dumbest reason you've had a friendship or relationship end?
Medical personnel, how long does it take before looking at someone naked or someone's innards stops being weird or gross?
Archeologist of reddit how does it feel after getting away from stealing some dino bones??
How much money should a household make per year in order to live a good life (nice house, car, vacation once or twice a year, provide for more than 1 kid, plan for retirement etc.)?
What’s the best way for a female partner to “stretch out” her male partner?
When is Games Done Quick going to bring back the live events and crowds?
What is something that sounds wierder out of context?
Would you rather lose your virginity to a virgin or a non-virgin? Why?
If you could have any disease for one day, to understand what it feels like, which one do you choose?
What is the craziest thing you ever heard at a mechanic (either outrageous price or wrong part or crazy customer stories)?
What is one thing all your past crushes had in common?
At the moment, what is the cleanest part of your body?
if you had to recast the voice actors for the super Mario bros movie, who would you choose?
Who is the matriarch of your family and how did you find out who it was?
What is your most memorable moment on Reddit?
What is the easiest way to obtain a girlfriend?
Those experienced in your respective industries, how do you feel when a newbie says that they don't want to do something that would set the profession back 20 years?
What tips do you have as a parent, in educational means, so your child doesn't end up in r/kidsarefuckingstupid?
What is something worth paying good money for?
How often do you change your phone background?
You can’t have everything…where would you put it?
What is your opinion on this spelling eror?
Redditors with treadmills, ellipticals, stationary bikes, etc., when is the last time it was used?
What was the worst nightmare you've ever had?
What do you think you were in a past life?
You meet with every kid you made friends with at a playground as adults, what will you do?
Which is better Joe Biden or the 1999 film eXistenZ?
Why someone would want to take over the world and and destroy its order?
What’s the best thing to have ever happened?
What crime would you commit if it was guaranteed that you would never be caught?
What is people's experience with Emergency Broadband Benefit?
What should a 41 year old Guy say to a 36 year old Girl’s butthole?
Guys, what flirting techniques are the most effective for a girl to use?
What is your opinion about hitting ur child if he/she does something wrong ?
What movie endings get worse the more you think about it?
Teens of reddit, what do parents do that seems harmless but has a big effect?
You have the power to possess any object and perform its functions. What do you do?
Is it normal to not want to take a shower?
What’s something that you probably shouldn’t say to your new neighbors?
What's something that most people don't know about dogs, but really should?
What's a sign of naivety that is not so obvious?
What experience made you believe in karma?
What’s on the wall above your sofa?
What are the most unethical stories in the medicine/science history?
Hotel workers of reddit, what’s the filthiest state a guest has left a room behind in?
What is the best southern insult?
What was the best paper you ever wrote and why?
What screams I’m a complete jerk?
What's something you threw up as a kid and will never eat again?
What is the best dream you ever remember having?
What is your most obscure/dumb fear?
What is a situation where you though you made a mistake but later turned out to be the right choice?
What is something that started as a joke but went too far?
Reddit what's your opinion on Chris pratt.?
What are the stupidest brands?
What's your worst "This isn't what it looks like" moment?
What is a habit you had single but once you were in a relationship you stopped?
What’s your favorite non-chocolate candy?
What is your favorite movie without saying it’s name?
If you could go to any point in time (past/present/future), and speak to yourself- what would you say?
when is the last time you meet someone who have the same first name as your siblings ?
Has anyone ever actually received/given a grapefruit blowjob? How was it?
How do you end a conversation when you don't have anything to say anymore but they still seem interested in talking to you by coming up with new topics?
What are some first-job tips and tricks?
What will most likely cause World War III?
What's an unbelievable story you have?
What comes to mind when you hear “toilet talking”?
What's the difference between a sports transfer window and a slave market?
People who’s parents divorced long after you’ve moved away, how did the dynamic change?
If you were a famous person, what would you say if it would be taken as a quote?
What was the worst, “I wanna speak to the manager” moment?
Which is better Bolivia or Paraguay?
What are the television shows you watched when a kid?
There is suddenly a zombie apocalypse. You need to get to the shelter closest to you now and stay there. Where are you, what is your chance of survival and how long can you last?
Have you ever slapped someone HARD on the face? Or had someone slap you? What's the story?
What expired card do you keep in your wallet?
What are your daily affirmations?
What is your first memory?
What’s one of the most awkwardest interaction you’ve to endure through out your life?
What’s your favorite dungeon from any Zelda game?
What’s an unpopular (opinion) hill that you’re willing to die on, besides for homophobia, transphobia, and sexism?
What's you're favorite (lesser known) conspiracy theory?
What's your favorite thing about humanity?
What is a song that every fan of that genre should know?
You've just fallen over and cannot get up. What do you do now?
If you had a shrink-ray, what would you use it for?
Hey Reddit, whats the most wtf thing you've seen in public?
Which Anime is better, Boruto: Naruto Next Generations or Demon Slayer?
If you were stranded on an island with a group of people you know, what is your game plan/strategy?
What non-horror movie is actually terrifying?
When presented ramen noodles, do you choose to use a spoon or a fork? Why is your choice superior?
What are you avoiding?
What is your "Oh shit this sub exists?" moment on reddit?
Who the hell is Tanjiro Gamapuko?
What is the most creative way you've ever cheated on a test?
What is a good advice but can backfire if taken in a wrong term?
what apps can you watch free movies and shows?
What is a good side hustle that doesn’t involve pyramid schemes, forex trading and and scams?
Reddit, whats your most devious lick?
Bartenders of Reddit, how does your perception of a regular change after seeing them completely drunk one night?
What’s your favorite food that you got tired of?
Those who work weddings, what are the top things that will predict a future divorce on the couple’s wedding day?
What type of people wear masks and what type of people don’t wear masks?
What anime scene do you show people to get them into trying anime?
People who bought youtube premium, how was it?
What song are you listening to?
What crimes are morally right?
People who had gynecomastia (man boobs), how did it affect your overall life?
What's something you should always pay somebody else to do?
What was the last time all hell broke loose?
Is it gay if your wife leaves for work early in the morning to mourn at your daughter's grave, which is two hours away, to spend exactly forty-five minutes there, and when she returns to grab some "essentials" which you recognized as condoms, she walked in on you and the boys playing....?
Elizabeth Holmes’ private texts have been revealed in trial. A 2014 text message was even referenced. How could a 2014 txt message be possible? mobile company does not keep text messages long. As guilty as Elizabeth and Sunny why did they keep text messages of 7 years old?
What’s the craziest cult experience that ever happened to you?
What is your personal experience with religion?
What’s the story about your vacation crush? How’d it turn out?
What are you really sick of hearing about?
What event or point in time do you believe we transitioned to the darkest timeline?
People who bought/play those famous youtube sponsor stuff (raid/manscape/raycon/ridge/etc), how was it?
What are some ways that one can take better care of their mental health?
Where did you go for your first date?
What Would you tell your 21 year old self?
What will be your guidance to a 18 yr old boy in genuine relationship with 30 yr old lady? And if they wanna live together in future?
How the heck are you supposed to to a creative writing assignment?
People with pet owls, what's that like?
Which song do you wish you could listen to again for the first time?
(Serious) Those of you that grew up with siblings that were attractive and popular, what was your experience like being related to them?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen in a public restroom?
What’s something you thought was illegal as a kid but really isn’t?
Lucid dreaming- How do you go from knowing you are in a dream to controlling your dream?
Guys who were once quiet in bed, how did you get yourself to be more talkative?
Who is better, Drake or Kanye West?
Gas station workers of reddit… How do you feel about Minors and Nicotine Purchases?
Hey reddit, what food always makes you feel better and what’s the story behind it?
From 1 - 10, how happy are you?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever seen someone else do in public?
What is something that you believe can be done in a much easier way than it is usually done?
What are the most useful life hacks to get free/really cheap stuff or make life easier, both online and in person?
What defines a great parent?
If you had to sustain a major injury, what would it be?
What's the best month of the year and why?
What is your first kiss story?
What does it take for a post to blow up one this subreddit?
which subjects do you guys think should be put on the curriculum in schools that is important but not given enough importance?
Who was the pioneer of cursor parking in collaborative spaces such as google docs?
What is the most embarrassing thing you got caught doing?
Why use LastPass/BitWarden over saving passwords in Chrome?
(Serious) Healthcare professionals: what was a confession made by a patient/client that still shocks/haunts you to this day?
What are some riddles or statements that will melt a high persons mind?
(Serious) what’s the most non-serious thing that’s ever happened to you?
What was the first video game you've ever played, and what year did you play it in?
How high is your snap score?
What do you think - believe reliability and consistency are big things in relationships in general .... what do u guys think?
What things can you no longer do because an ex ruined them for you?
Atheists of reddit, why exactly you don't believe in God ?
What are some unethical life tips?
If you were to spend rest of your life alone,where would you go?
When grandma died, how did you find out that she was the matriarch of the family and what made you keep saying that new word you learned?
Cavers- what’s the scariest experience you’ve had in a cave?
Men of Reddit: What do you think of when you hear the word tampon?
What is the 2024 election going to look like?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
What was the biggest hit your pride ever took?
What is a tool that should be created that hasn't been created yet?
What are some underrated gaming YouTubers that were sweep under the rug?
What is the most disrespectful thing to say to your family/friends?
People who live in the Southern Hemisphere: Is it weird having christmas in summer?
People who watch network television (NBC,ABC,CBS, etc.) Why do you?
Is Ari Gold the greatest television character of all time? If not, who?
What won't exist tomorrow?
What band/group/musician should of been bigger than what they were?
hey villains of reddit what's your villain backstory?
Hairdressers/Hairstylists of reddit: What is the strangest request you have gotten for a cut or style?
Who should be the next James Bond?
Your lifespan is now positive infinity, while your healthspan is not a number. What will you do?
If you were the host of "Squid Game" what game woyld you make the participants play?
What is the strongest thing in the universe?
IT'S FRIDAY REDDIT! What are your plans for tonight?
If “growing old gracefully “ isn’t your thing what one medical procedure would you have done on yourself?
If one day you were given the final say in making your fanfiction canon in a current franchise you want, what would your dream cast/writers would be?
What's the most interesting/bizarre mix of accents you've heard?
What great genius idea came complete to your head while you were not thinking conciously about it at all?
What something you used to be the right age for, but now feel like you're too YOUNG for?
What did your younger self see you doing at the age you are at now? Are you doing it? If not, what changed?
When you're taking a poo but nothing's coming out, when do you call it quits?
Has anyone here ever worked (or know someone who has) as a maid/helper/cook/driver etc. at the house of the ultra-rich(top 1 percenters) ? Whats that like? Was the pay overtly generous? How do the ultra rich actually live/behave in their homes?Was there any weird/fucked-up treatment you received?
What is anal sex like?
What are some immoral but legal ways to make a lot of money?
What's the one thing you're a snob about?
Time is stopped for 30 seconds and you’re the only one who knows and can move, what are you doing in that 30 seconds?
How does it feel to be a gangster?
what's something you like doing during a citytrip to make it more unique / memorable?
If AutoBot was a person what would he be like?
What is your favourite fast beat hindi song?
Women of Reddit. How long should men last in bed? Men what do you think?
What’s the worse feeling?
What's a memory that you'll cherish for the rest of your life?
Gamers of Reddit, what games do you play?
What is your opinion on the Youtuber Jack ManleyTV?
What would happen if someone stops talking forever?
Honestly, what first goes through a man’s head when he hears “I’m pregnant”?
What AskReddit questions are obviously market research?
What movie did you think high school would be like? How did your experience actually turn out?
What is the one thing that’s really hard to understand?
[Serious] Before your father is born what is your existence?
What do you think about while you're emptying your bladder and are you ever fascinated at its capacity?
What is your definition of success?
What’s your opinion on anal sex?
What high school movie actually got the experience right?
What would your response be if a person told you that they think butterflies are dead relatives saying hi?
Where do you go when you need to be inspired?
How would you describe your favourite colour?
Queen Lizzie tomorrow, what are some of the top post of reddit looking like?
[Serious] What is the funniest joke you have ever heard?
Those who have fallen for the "Hot girls in your area" internet ads what happened after you pursued this?
Where is your mom? And why aren’t you sniffing her hole?
What if someone didn't work much in life and dies when their 40, would that persons 16 year old son receive SSA survivor benefits ?
What is the most gruesome thing you have ever seen in real life?
What's the weirdest thing nsfw you've done ?
The front door is open, go close it. Why aren’t you helping? There’s dog shit on the rug, so you like the smell?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming game of thrones prequel?
[serious] What would you think if someone called you a sinking hole of sadness?
which is superior: Bar soap or body wash?
Sonic the Hedgehog fans, how would you defend Sonic the Hedgehog's friends from all that criticism directed at them?
How often do you think Jeff Bezos thinks about other billionaires dick sizes?
What TV or Movie character best portrays a true narcissist?
What's the best fruit?
Using only myths about your country, where did you grow up?
What are you doing? Why aren’t you calling the police?
In what ways are fights different then the movies portray them to be like?
What is the biggest thing you have forgiven someone for?
How do you get over fear of rejection? How do you tell someone you like them and not worry your friendship will crumble?
What “Scam” can you not believe people are still falling for? What are your stories with “scams”?
What fictional character if real would have the biggest impact on the world?
Redditors, have you ever asked your parents in which position were you concieved?
What would you do if you were homeless?
What are you doing rn?
What's it like being married to a Karen?
What is your “I left right on time story” have you ever just barely avoided a bad situation? What happened?
What do today's kids rarely do that 90s kids used to do all the time?
What’s the last text message you sent and to who?
What's your best quotes you will stick with till death?
[Serious] What is the specialized forum for your specific interest ?
What event in life do you look back at and regret?
What is the most overrated travel destination?
Is there a subreddit where you can post something out-of-context like a random opninion?
What’s the dumbest way you saw a fight start? What was the fight about?
What was the worst way someone found out something about you?
How do you deal with the fact that you obliterate bugs with your car?
What is your go to when you bring lunch to work from home?
Which videogame do you want to live in?
Redditors, what are your options on aliens?
Anyone up from Japan and Korea who don't like anime ?
What were we before we were a sperm in our dad's balls?
What are very common myths that are believed to be fact even though they've been debunked repeatedly?
Whats your worst/best drunk story?
What’s a scam that people use/do every day?
If some people who live in Northern Ireland want the place to be apart of Ireland why don’t they move to a part of Ireland instead of complaining?
What would you do if you walked into your house to see your mom on her hands and knees, while the family dog was licking her anus?
What do you think is the subreddit with the most gore?
If you could travel to any year in a time machine, which year would you choose and why?
Has anyone slept with a celebrity? What was it like?
Pandemic like the latest is expected but happens unpredictably, what other catastrophes or phenomena we expect to deal with but can't predict when?
People of reddit, what's the best game to take your anger out on?
To the actual literal accountants of Reddit, what do people say when you tell them what you do?
What motivates you the most?
Reddit would you do anything for 100 million dollars? Or where do you draw the line?
What movie continues to surprise you in rewatching?
[Serious] When we all die, do you think there’s an after?
Hey accident prone of Reddit, what should have killed you but didn't?
People who have an internal monologue, what does the voice sound like?
What isn’t classified as a cult but might as well should be?
What is the best eye color to you?
Has anyone ever killed someone before? And if so, what happened?
People of Reddit, you just got acces to all the twitter accounts in existence, what do you write to piss the most people off?
What would you do if you woke up to your asshole expanding?
People of Reddit could you date someone with different political beliefs? Where do you draw the line or is love all that matters?
What if your phone had a CRT screen instead of OLED?
What's the nicest and most memorable experience you've had with a celebrity?
Men of Reddit, what are the little things your partner does that make you feel loved and appreciated?
Someone writes a book about you, what's the title?
Sweet Tooths of Reddit, what's your favorite dessert?
What do you like to come home to?
What's your favorite video game?
What is something you always wanted to say?
When were you completely embarrassed by the behaviour of your parent(s)?
What can you not believe you got away with?
What's the real big deal on items that cost a lot more just because it was signed by someone famous?
People who were employed at subway the day when Jarod's heinous crimes were exposed, what happened at work?
When was a time adrenaline kicked in for you and you couldn’t feel pain?
People who tried to sell something on the TV shows Pawn Stars, what happened afterwards? If you made a deal, what did you spend the money on?
What accent are you born with?
For some reason you randomly are just naked once a day at random times. Where would be the worst place to be naked?
How much impact do Ads have on you?
What movie/show/video game comes to mind when you hear the phrase “everybody dies”??
What is your favourite song lyric, (include title and artist)?
Every movie and advert should have 2 people of colour now instead of one. What do you think of this idea?
How can we see a cached Reddit post?
What do you feel the need to vent about right now?
What is one of the craziest conspiracy theories that people actually believe in?
What do you want to be famous for if you could be famous for anything?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done completely sober?
What is the one thing you wish you knew about life?
If you were a ghost, where would you like to visit?
Why most people hate their neighbours?
What is the actual difference between a red and a white Icee aside from color?
Which movie monster would you have the easiest time beating in a fight?
What is a kink you have, you thought is common but isnt?
What if Disney adapted South American fairytales?
People who were “there”. Where were you? And what was your experience?
Dear Redditors is there anyway whatsoever to bypass/rip/extract/download/get premium link to, et ctera to Splice which is a sample subscription service that has a paywall. If so please inform okay?
Reddit what would have been worse then a pandemic?
When was the first time you cried because of happiness?
What made your best friend YOUR bestfriend?
What’s the dumbest way you almost died?
What is some wholesome NSFW thing your partner did that melted your heart?
Reddit what keeps you going?
With climate change, overpopulation, and all the divisiveness and hate in the world right now, are there still good reasons to have kids? If so, what are they?
Have you ever ghosted someone? Why?
Who's the coolest non-leading character from a kid's cartoon show?
What are some hard things you go through that other people don’t think about?
What would you do if a mad scientist stretched your anus open, and put a rat inside to see how long it takes for it to chew a way out of your body?
What’s the best accidental food combo you’ve come up with and how did it happen?
What's the best/most secret way you've been able to hide something in your house?
What would you like to advertise on this thread?
What is technically legal but compareable to an unforgiving sin?
What is the likelihood of an economic recession happening soon?
You get to have sex with your crush and there’s no chance of cheating, but you have to repopulate the earth. You accept, why or why not?
What do you think about racism?
How do you deal with toxic family members?
If smug irony defined late 2010s internet culture, what will define the 2020s?
How do you think you’d get along with a clone of yourself?
People with siblings, if they saw you trip and fall, how would they react?
What decision did you make that completely changed your life for the better?
People that had or have depression/anxiety what was a song that helps helped you in this period?
Why should society defend an individual's right to be a racist?
What is your best call out of work excuse?
What is your ultimate goal in life?
What is a movie or TV show that is underrated?
What is your daily screen time?
What is your experience with mediums?
If you had to get rid of one social media app and erase it from existence, which one would it be, and why?
How much glitter is a good amount to eat per day?
What is something that is really annoying?
what is ur favorite city, and why?
What was socially acceptable ten years ago, that isn't acceptable now?
If you woke up and found out you'd been asleep for 10 years. What's the first thing you'd wonder?
Has Marriage been over romanised to the point in which non religious couples want to get a religious marriage?
What is Your favorite song?
What if we were all one country?
[Serious] People who works on battery tech for phones, should they be charged and discharged fully or preferably used within a percent range and why?
Europeans of reddit, are you okay with a Europe where native Europeans are a minority?
What food or drink from any animated/cartoon movie made you really want it as a kid?
what if Mexico was part of the US?
How do you feel about 3 inches?
What Do You Miss The Most About The Year 2002?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some simple tips that can improve anyone’s cooking?
What part of your bedtime routine do you feel may be different from others?
People who work very hard but fail, how do get back up?
Who is your favourite pornstar ?
If you were the Front Man in Squid game, what games would you like to see the participants play?
What strange food combo are you guilty of?
What has helped motivate you during the pandemic?
For North America: what is your view on manors where slaves worked? How can you live in those heavily historical houses without thinking about what happened between those walls?
The Pandemic didn't do it, so what do you think could actually unite the world?
What’s the one thing you regret not learning, on time?
Parents who have found (adult) toys in their kid’s room, what did you do about it?
You get sucked into your television, what shows/movies are you visiting first?
What unconventional part of the body do you find attractive?
What is happening in bali now, what are the prices for renting houses?
What if Reddit servers were made of garlic breadsticks?
What is something the place where you are from is known for ?
What do you call it when a guy dresses as a bad boy but behaves in an almost too nice a way and is afraid of certain tall dark people?
You gain the power to stop the time for every liveing creatures in a 50m except you but while the time is stoped your heart also stops what would you do with this super power?
How is sex when you're at the age of 50 and above?
What's better than imagination?
What’s something your SO finds embarrassing that you secretly love or admire ?
If you have named your male child something like Guy, Dana, Stacy…..why?
Whats the worse you ever saw a celeb ruin their career?
what's the worst thing to here after being picked up by an ambulance?
Is it ok to go through your spouses phone without their permission so you can see who they’re talking to?
When was the last time you almost hit someone and why?
What's a really good question to ask a bunch of people you don't know?
What is the purpose of Life?
What would you suggest a beginner level photographer?
You hear a noise coming from somewhere else inside your home while you're in bed waiting to fall asleep. What's likely causing the sound?
What was the most hostile environment that you've been in?
Have you had a matrix glitch experience ? If so, what happened??
From now on any politician once they become politician becomes eldritch horror with level of power based on their votes. How would it affect politics?
If you could be a Pokémon gym leader what type would you pick and what Pokémon would you pick?
What are two (relatively) normal things a human can not physically do at the same time?
If you ever have a daughter, and she creates a type of Only Fans, what do you do?
What’s the biggest waste of money?
People of reddit, how were you picked on?
What are specific events or miracles in your life that made you believe in God?
Was 2016 the best year ever? Why?
Those who have met them, are genius children naturally mean to everyone like Mary from “Gifted” or Sheldon Cooper?
What is a solution looking for a problem?
What is your school crush horror story?
What is the most shocking thing going on in your city that’s not making national news?
Why would a partner start being nice to you, in a normally abusive and fighting relationship?
If you could change the age of anyone to the age of your choice, who would it be and why?
What is a simple thing everyone on Earth could do at the exact same time that would have the worst / disastrous effects on the planet / world?
Pokémon XY’s Ash Ketchum wins your country’s next national election. How screwed are you?
What did it taste like?
What conspiracy theories do you believe could actually be true?
What are you craving right now?
What are your most interesting experiences with drugs?
What podcasts have you listened to and would you recommend it?
For those who have broken two legs at once/been in full leg casts, what was the recovery process like? What were the hardest, most painful things, or most humiliating aspects?
Which celebrity is the most likely to be an alien infiltrator?
What's one thing you've never told your best friend?
Who is better, Zlatan or Lewandowski?
What’s a game that you got on sale that was so cheap that you thought it was a steal for that price?
Is there anyone who you would sacrifice your life for? If so, why?
Who is better, Messi or Ronaldo?
Which would be worse and why: A) all the women in the world stopped working for a week, or B) all the men in the world stopped working for a week?
What constitutes 5 star fine dining in your opinion? What would be your go to order in a 5 star restaurant?
If you could have one material possession right now, what would it be?
What game hurt you the most?
What can you buy for $5 that lasts forever?
What celebrities do you find attractive that you wouldn't want your family or friends to know about and why?
You have to solve a riddle that could either end in life or death, but you have no fucking clue how to solve it. What do you do?
What is your secret music taste/genre?
Airhosts of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing someone has brought onto a plane as carry on luggage?
What is the thing that makes your day worse as hell?
Can you love someone very much but decide not to be with them because realistically, you want different things in the future? Why or why not?
What argument did you have that looking back on was absolutely ridiculous?
What movie would you choose to be the star of if you could go back in time and choose any movie?
People of Reddit, what's the strangest word you've ever heard or read, and what is its meaning?
what is something you regretted doing in the past, but now looking back, you don't regret it anymore?
What is something you have forgotten, but you know happened to you?
People who hate Reddit, why are you still here?
How do you determine for yourself in a reading who should be considered a criminal?
what's something you wish you have said to someone that is not here anymore for you to tell them?
If you’re currently in a “together for the kids” type relationship, how do you find/create daily personal happiness for yourself?
What would be 100 times worse if it were invisible?
What would you choose to stop if you were given a time machine and the ability to go back and stop one tragedy?
If you had to resort to cannibalism to survive, what would you eat first and why?
What do you want to say to your significant other that you just can’t?
What is something you do almost once a day in the summer and sometimes twice a day?
How did you die?
What's the worst thing you've ever eaten?
A malignant force comes to earth and challenges you to a best of 3 of any game, if you win you gain ultimate power if you lose the world does to, what game are you choosing?
What is the Florida of your country?
What's a blessing and a curse?
Runners of reddit, do you tape the nips? If so, how often and what is your adhesive of choice?
What statement is *technically* correct?
What planet would you visit if NASA built you a ship to fly there and explore it?
What is the weirdest thing you did when alone?
When’s a time someone says “and I turned out fine” that makes you think “no you really didn’t”?
People who have left a job that they loved: What was the job and what were your reasons for leaving it?
What’s the most random thing you’ve ever said after sex?
What's the worst thing your Parents have ever told you which still hurts today?
(Serious)Which city is overrated?
What, in hindsight, is something completely unrealistic that movies or TV made you believe was normal?
You have the ability to create two copies of an object. The copies are half the size of the original object. What would you use this power on and why?
When/Where do you feel the most like yourself?
What are your superficial must haves when choosing a mate?
People who up-and-left their home town and moved far away, what was the best thing about it?
People Who a won The Lottery, What Happened After?
What's the biggest animal you'd fight to get into your favourite fast food restaurant?
Why could a death be possibly not reported in the Obituaries?
State your ethnicity, everyone who replies gets to decide what is in your gift basket a la Gabriel Iglesias. Do you like your gift basket?
What would make the world a better place?
What did you do yesterday?
What's a lie you've told that you can't believe someone believed?
Which countries*** have caused the most good in the world and (in history not just today!) and have had the biggest humanitarian effect?
What are some questions you would ask a brand new roommate to know them better?
whats your favourite texting style?
What was you favorite Amazon purchase under $10?
What small nice thing somebody did for you recently that made you really happy?
You get 1 million dollars, but you have to spend it all within 48 hours or you die, what do you spend it on?
How bad is it to live near a pig / cow farm?
What is the greatest line you've heard from a movie or show?
What is the first thing that you think of when you hear the word Renegade?
Whats your favorite band and their favorite album?
How do you prevent a house from being a target from thieves?
How do you deal with not being as successful as you want to be?
If you were able to insert yourself into a story as either the hero or the villain, which hero/villain would you choose? And choose a point in that characters history, where a different decision would change his or hers life and therefore the story that they are in?
What is the worst thing you witnessed at a birthday party?
If you could be one animal for a day, what would you be and why?
If you were an A-list artist, what would you think about casually listening to your own music or watching your own movies?
What would a $1200 bonus do for you?
How do you deal with muscles strains/sprains?
Where you come from, what quality is IKEA furniture considered to be?
fellow lgbts of reddit, when was the exact moment you found out?
What is something you only realized recently that you should have known since you were a kid?
If your butthole was an interdimensional gateway to a universe with no consequences but your sphincter was still as tight as it usually is, What would you be willing to send through your forbidden gateway to potentially save a loved one or even the world?
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
You find out you have 1 minute to live. Whats the last thing you do?
Well since it’s that time of the month again what’s y’all’s craziest Halloween story’s 🎃?
What are some older (pre-2010s) examples of "political correctness" in media (ex: TV programs not being able to show interracial couples in the 1940s)?
Nervous and shy when talking to boyfriends guy friend whyyy?
People of Reddit, how is your night?
How did you develop your irrational fear?
has there ever been a porno where the actual plot was more intresting than the sex?
How do you tell someone is from your country?
At the moment, what would your life be rated if rated like a movie?
What is normal in your country\culture that would be considered disrespectful in an other?
Triggered people of Reddit, what's the last thing that triggered you?
What’s the trick that got you way farther in life than it should have ?
What is your favorite Disney animated movie?
What are some tell tale signs a girl likes/ has a crush on you?
How does one find their first customers for the product they designed?
Former stalkers what made you change?
What is the most money you have lost?
Which celebrities do you always get confused for each other?
What’s keeping you from going to bed right now?
What non financial product/thing do you invest in?
Gay men of Reddit what would you do if a straight women asked you out?
What fictional card game should be made into real life?
They say the best things in life are free, what are some examples?
What’s your opinion on flat earth theory? (serious)
If someone took a picture of you right now and sent it into space to represent humanity as a species, what would aliens think of us?
What is a strange or bizarre -but not necessarily creepy- memory that's stuck with you, and you still can't explain?
What social network gets you the creep ?
Where do you post stuff that makes you feel old?
What is something people find normal but you think is disgusting?
What was your worst heart break?
What are some things you got into the habit of that helped you not care about what other people thought?
Based on your username what would be your villain name?
What did you learn about in school that has since been disproven?
What is the most irrelevant fun fact you know?
Which song do you never get tired of?
If your future self time traveled to your current self, what are some things he/she might say/do to you?
Which people and countries treated their slaves the worst throughout the entirety of history? In all locations?
Vegetarians of Reddit, how do you deal with meat eating supremacists?
What is something your parents did that you're actually thankful for?
What were some of the problems you faced when migrating to another country?
How long until you get cancelled?
What jobs exist because people won’t follow the rules?
What are some ways folks can stop overthinking?
what are some hidden songs that almost nobody knows about but are bangers?
What’s a real life cheat code you have discovered?
If 2008 was 1929 and history repeats itself, where are we in the cycle?
Normally smart people of Reddit, what is the dumbest thing you've ever done?
lawyers/prosecutors of reddit, what was the dumbest thing your ’opponent’ has ever said?
What’s something that the media is ignoring that needs more attention?
What would you call an app to give tips?
What advice do you have for getting over a breakup?
what is a tip or a life hack that you use in your life?
What's the meanest thing someone has said to you and how did you respond to it?
What’s your fav ice cream topping?
Why did Elon musk sending a Gatorade to mercury make everyone crazy?
What is something more scary than dinosaurs that went extinct?
How do you force yourself to stick to your habits?
Which people have caused the most good in the world and (in history not just today!) and have had the biggest humanitarian effect?
What era would you have really thrived in?
What is something that is universally hated by everyone?
Level Achieved: You have become based! But what makes you based?
whats a fact you learned that changed your life or perception of something?
If you could be inside the world of one video game, which would you choose and why?
What took you until 30 or older, to finally try for the first time in your life?
What radicalized you to wake up to the wage crisis?
People who have been last online 7~ years ago, what made you leave/stop?
What are the disadvantages of being a good person?
Why are you so shady?
What is the most physically painful injury youve ever experienced?
What’s the stupidest thing about your body?
What will you feel insecure/uncomfortable about when things fully get back to "normal"?
Which humans treated their slaves and conquered enemies the worst , in history?
What do think about digital marketing? Is it worth a career?
Do you believe Reddit has become more anti-American? Why or why not?
What exists now that you didn’t see coming?
Redditors with ants in your pants, how did you get into your predicament?
Whats your opinion on Alexis texas?
What's a completely free way to find your ancestors without looking through online records?
What's the weirdest/funniest word misunderstanding you had as a child?
If you could live in any era, which one would you live in and why?
What is a fact people often overlook?
What topic/subject/event are you still waiting for someone to make into a movie?
What is a weird thing you do that you wish was normalized?
What are your top 5 household cleaning/organisation tips or hacks ?
What’s the coolest item in your wardrobe?
What horror movies do you recommend for this month?
What is the sentence you say to yourself most in front of the mirror?
iPhone users, what prevents you from switching to Android?
Android users, what prevents you from switching to the iPhone?
What is something you find very weird but others find it totally normal?
Did you ever have a teacher who though they helping you, but ended up doing the opposite?
What is your biggest regret in life?
What’s so amazing about rough sex?
What is a game that you're very proud to have 100% completed?
Any dudes lost their dad in their 30s? And he might've been your best friend, but you knew had more stories to tell, to teach you? How have things been?
What does not make financial sense but people do it anyways?
You need to give 100 charisma to a movie character,Who is it?
What is the thing you saw amazingly on the commercial but when you buy it disappointed you the most?
Which athlete, actor, musical artist or celebrity threw away their career for the dumbest reason?
If you could say anything to everybody on earth, what would you say?
What would be your dream profession?
Someone breaks into your house and you have 1 hour to prepare a Home Alone style trap. What are you making?
Atheists of Reddit, what are the reasons why you don’t believe in God?
Who’s someone you have no confidence in beating in close-combat no matter how hard you train?
What’s one thing that should be free?
What's something that happened a long time ago that's seemingly insignificant but you for some reason still think about sometimes?
What is great example of having the worst of both worlds?
How are you feeling? And how has your day been?
What are the interesting research topics?
Whens the last time you played with magnets?
If you were homeless, what would your sign say to get you maximum donations?
What’s a common misconception about a famous person that unjustly ruined their image?
What are some healthy hobbies to pick up?
How do you cope with difficult people?
What is s conspiracy theory that you beleive is true?
What subreddit are you glad that exists?
With Spooktober finally here, what are your plans for Halloween this year, if any?
Parents of Reddit, what is a very popular thing with kids that your kid doesn't like?
Who will you miss most during the pandemic?
What’s a secret that you thought everyone would despise you for doing, but everyone else does it too?
What did you learn from your first relationship?
What is your favorite true crime podcast of all time?
At 3000-3500 dollars, what is the best laptop for running math simulations and deep learning?
What are your thoughts on venom: let there be carnage?
What is a personal conspiracy theory that you believe?
What’s the weirdest kink your partner or you have tried?
Which team will win this year’s World Series?
What was the time where your luck was so absurdly good that even YOU thought it was unfair?
Doctors of reddit. When you get a male patient on your table do you look at their junk? If so why?
What’s the funniest quote from a movie or tv show that you’ve ever heard?
What is your biggest, most irrational, fear?
What’s the most selfish thing you’ve ever done ?
If you kicked Jesus in the holy nuts how would he react?
What did you believe 10 years ago that you since changed your mind on? What changed?
What’s your favorite person who became meme?
Who has been on a flight where someone was caught smoking in the bathroom? What happened?
What thing do you advice anyone to not get into?
Do mosquitoes bite our pets too? Why don’t they seem as bothered by the itchiness if so?
Married people of reddit! Those of you who do not sleep in the same bed/room as your spouse, why or why not?
What's something that's not funny at all but still makes you laugh?
What is your favorite reddit reading channel?
Stray dogs and cats, you can only choose to adopt, which one will you choose?
What was the most cursed sub you have been tricked into looking at?
Which unsolved mysteries that you would love to see it solved today?
What are you glad isn’t cool anymore?
What Is Your Earliest Memory?
What is something that gives feeling of relief to you other than peeing, farting or pooping ?
What non-sexual thing would you do would be doing with a clone of yourself of the opposite sex?
Why use a dial caliper versus a digital caliper?
Who’s the weirdest person you’ve come across while trick or treating?
how do you get a girlfriend the hard way?
At what moment did you know that she/he was the one?
what's your favorite song to listen to on 1.5x speed?
What's wrong with not wanting to trust people?
How do you overcome the obstacles of living with someone suffering from mental illness?
What actually made you think we are in a simulation?
What is your favourite cursed word ?
What video game deserves a full remake or makeover?
Who is an actor that always plays the same role in everything they are in and what is the role?
What physical game has impacted the most outside school?
If you woke up today and went "I want to get laid tonight" what would you do to make it happen?
Karen's of Reddit what makes u behave like that?
Why are you here?
What song/movie/show has meme culture save or made famous?
People of reddit what made you realise you are behaving like a Karen?
You are an INCEL that gains telekinesis, what is the first thing you would do?
How do they decide what foods become Blue Raspberry and what is just Raspberry?
Why can't we all just get along?
Is it possible to be left-handed in writing and right-handed in other things? If so, what could they be?
Where/how did you met your gf/bf?
Which superhero or villain would be the worst roommate?
What sports are equal to everyone and anyone?
Women of Reddit, you know how guys get morning wood? What is something similar you experience?
Without mentioning your country's name, which word identifies where you're from?
What is your job?
For the people who gained weight during quarantine how do you accept the changes in your body?
What causes people to be bullies?
What is something you know is a big waste, but you do it anyways?
How is your day?
What's your favorite 'Rated M' video game?
You win an Oscar for best film that was based on your Reddit username. What did we watch?
Alcoholics of Reddit: What are your 21 gun salute shots?
Attorneys, how was your law school experience?
Is there anything which is absolutely wrong?
What science fiction story has the most realistic prediction?
What petty hill are you ready to die on?
What is the craziest Russian story you have ever heard?
What do you think is more well known and why, Minecraft or Adventure Time?
What is the funniest thing you have ever witnessed?
What is your biggest insecurity?
What does a normal day without depression and/or anxiety feel like?
What do you hate about yourself?
Where is your favorite place to cry?
You're given the chance of reincarnation, but it's only limited here on Earth, where do you want your second life to restart in?
What apps helped you with low motivation?
How does one regain social butterfly status?
What's the saddest thing you read today?
What is the scariest insect you know of?
Is it easy for therapists when they have another therapist as a client?
What are some good fictional content on Netflix at the moment, that doesn’t go earlier then 80s?
If any.. what’s the one conspiracy theory you believe is real?
What's the worst thing you could legally do to someone?
What phrase, slang, or term do you wish would become mainstream?
What does your pet do that makes you laugh?
As you have aged, what band did you dismiss and now find brilliant?
Men of Reddit, what makes a woman sexy?
Americans. Do you think Biden is doing a good job? Why or why not?
What's the funniest thing you said/heard/saw today?
What was the worst thing an ex partner/date has said to you that you don’t know why you let it slide?
What stories do you know about your parents that they probably wish you didn’t?
What celebrity would you most like to spend the night with?
What are some apps that you used to help fight your depression?
If you had to eat any part of a human body to survive, which body part are you picking?
What celebrity death was the most senseless?
For someone who doesn’t have a lot of concrete responsibilities, how do you force yourself into a schedule?
What’s a small detail that could change something drastically?
Whatever you’re doing right now, you have to do it while have sex. How hard would it be?
Be honest , what makes you stand out from the rest?
The first ten people that reply are gladiators and the people to reply to them will choose their power, how do you win?
What thing about romantic relationship do you hate, not understand or disagree with in your culture/country?
If you were given a chance to erase a date(mm/dd/yyyy) when woud it be and why?
What are the little things in life you enjoy the most?
What if people in the world suddenly stopped dying?
People who has tasted sperm, what does it taste like?
What is something in your home or residence that you would willingly sell for $1.00 if someone offered to buy it from you at that price?
What is the quickest way you can turn $200 into $500?
People Named Annie of Reddit, Are you Okay? If not, What's Wrong?
What does 1 HP feel like in real life?
What's the worst 'between a rock and a hard place' you've been through?
Pee in your pants or drop pants and pee in front of everyone, which do you choose?
Redditors of the world, how many times do you use a bath towel before you get it washed ?
Who is the wealthiest person you personally know and what do they do for a living? [SERIOUS]
How much is too much?
What are your favorite (not current) funny versions of passwords you've used out of spite and frustration?
What really steams your kettle?
What dream lead you to making a life altering decision?
What is the source of the rumor that Pineapples are parasites?
You can only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what do you eat?
[Serious] people that have been a hit man how was it?
Based on your username what’s your superpower?
You become famous and someone you don't like is coming back to you, what are you doing?
Blind and deaf people of Reddit: what is it like being blind and deaf?
Which are the most unique movies which one can never comprehend ?
Folks of reddit who eat almost anything, what are some of the weirdest foods or food combinations you enjoy?
What profession has the least attractive males/females?
Why the long face?
What is the MOST BS thing a company has made (or tried to make) you do, because "WE ARE A FAMILY"?
Without revealing your age, how old are you?
If you were told that you would live for exactly 70 years and you will suffer hardship for half and an easy life for half, which way round would you prefer and why?
What is something about your company, "only the employees know?"
As an adult what’s one thing that you don’t know how to do, but are too embarrassed to admit it?
What is your addiction that you would like to kick the most?
If you could replace Mark Zuckerberg for one day what is the one change (each) you would make in Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp?
Ladies men of reddit, how do you do it?(serious)
How are dictionaries made? How do they find random words that virtually nobody uses and assign a clear meaning to them?
How would you rate your country's education system?
[Serious] What’s your supernatural story?
What's wrong with just avoiding conflict or not facing your problems?
What’s your scariest plane experience?
In what ways are animals better then humans?
What are you favorite motivational/mental health podcasts on Spotify?
What does or does not make this the most civil period in human history?
What is your opinion of Elon Musk?
A planet appears out of nowhere and joins earths orbit around the sun but on the other side of the sun. What would be your reaction to hearing the news of this planet, and what would the planet be named?
[Serious] How do you get over the bad vibes of someone thinking they're better than you?
What's the worst part about dating?
What’s a song that always takes you back to good times/ memories?
what will you do right now?
What should someone never make fun of?
What do most people think is a hard and fast rule in life but really is just a guideline?
What subreddit should everyone be apart of?
What would you do if you were a fat gay ambulance driver with cerebral palsy ?
What is the worst pain that you have ever been in?
What's the most terrifying food experience you've had at a restaurant ?
If you could choose a brand new name for yourself, what would it be?
what's the biggest you played yourself story you have?
Why do you think it's so hard to stop scam calls/operations?
What do u think should be a law that's not ? An What should the punishment be ?
Without writing words, only using text to illustrate, where are you from?
What is some advice your parents gave you that you live by?
Which pizza chain/franchise has the best sauce? Cheese? Dough? Toppings?
Women who spend hours in the bathroom getting ready, why?
Why are you (we) so willing to admit things on here? Or on the internet in general?
How would the world change if religion didn't prosper?
Degenerates of reddit, what is the most amount of drugs you’ve successfully loaded into your system?
How much does height and weight matter in a street fight?
What is the worst movie you've ever seen?
what is your favorite lyric from a song?
Redditors who got laid how did it happen?
What is your "say it and I'm yours"?
If your Reddit username is your last meal, what is it?
What would you say to your younger self?
Who lived long enough to see themselves become the villain?
What is something you enjoy the most?
What is your favorite made-up expletive—and why?
How did communism personally hurt you?
What songs or albums need to be listened to with the best headphones or speakers?
What's your most embarrassing story?
Legal people and Marketers of Reddit, what is your opinion of scent marketing?
People of reddit, what's the most paranormal thing that's ever happened to you?
What adult cartoon/anime world would you live in?
Based on the skills you have in real life what would be your superhero or villain name?
What is the biggest movie/universe/video game logic that you see over and over that bothers you the most?
It's finally spooktober! What's the best month?
What is the most chaotic video game of all time?
What are things that animals/insects etc, do better than us humans?
Seniors of reddit (50+), what cultural beliefs/ practices in your community are preserved, handed-down & adapted until now?
What is the most reasonable thing said by someone who people think is crazy?
How do blind people know where to find Braille?
What’s a food/item that you’ll never trust?
What do you do about the person you hate the most?
What is something awesome you did in a Video Game, but can't prove because you didn't have the foresight/capability to record it?
Buddy the Elf is your sleep paralysis demon. How does he torment you?
What do you when your best friend, who you’re trying not to fall in love with, tells you he has cancer?
Why do you, or do you not carry a knife with you 24/7?
People who have been adopted, How was/is your childhood?
People who call radio shows for mentions, why?
Be honest, what is a bad movie that most people dislike, that you can unironically say is your favorite or one of your favorite movies?
What IS your proudest fap?
What is the funniest or weirdest law you've ever heard of?
You can summon one animal out of thin air to do your bidding at any moment. What do you choose and why?
What’s something scary you experienced that you still think about to this day?
How do you maintain a happy relationship when you work 70+ hrs a week?
What's your pet currently doing?
What are the most interesting released FBI case files you’ve ever read? And why?
What is the difference between a prayer, a spell, and a wish?
What is that song that you never get tired of listening to?
What should be considered a sport?
What is a misconception about a TV show you had before you watched it?
What are some funny human names?
What have you recently changed your mind about?
Who's the most hated man in your country?
What are your values?
What is a fact that sounds fake at first but is completely true?
How does it feel like to chew five gum?
What is a song that has rather depressing lyrics, yet you still like listening to it?
As certain government positions have minimum age requirements, should certain positions also have maximum age requirements? Why or why not?
What is one moment you actually thought you were about to die?
What musician(s) got busted the the worst for lip synching on tv or at a live performance?
How does Led Zeppelin’s song, Stair Way to Heaven,make you have a different perceptive in life?
Why would, or wouldn't you, want to live forever?
Whats the saddest thing you noticed in today's time?
Former and current college students, what are the most worthless classes you’ve taken?
What’s a fun fake fact?
Whats the one thing you need right now?
How do you know when you’re in love?
What is something you did in the past that you deeply regret?
Who was your first real crush and when did you know that you liked them?
Non-Indians of Reddit what do you think about Gandhi ?
What is the worst thing that you found on dark web?
What is something that you don't want, but wish you did want?
What are some steps to increase self - confidence?
How come there are people who can be clearly so wrong in an argument, but still believe they’re in the right?
Gay people who have lost their virginity early, why? (NSFW)
What logic from movies does not apply to the real world?
People who still watch Grey’s Anatomy, what has kept you interested all these years?
Where do you live and what’s it really like?
Who Were Your Famous Ancestors, And What Did They Do?
If could create your own hierarchy of needs, what would you put on the list?
What do you do when you're at your lowest financial position and how did you come out of it?
Who is called Dog the Bounty Hunter in Current Popular Trends ?
What is your favorite word and why?
What are/should be, obvious signs that someone you are romantically involved with isn't into you anymore?
What do you think is the most futuristic piece of tech you'll own before you die?
Gay men of reddit, how did you LOSE your virginity? (NSFW)
What cartoon (or adult cartoon) character do you feel most empathy for?
What is a childhood fear you still have?
Gay men of reddit, how did you loose your virginity? (NSFW)
What was the best prank pulled at your high school or college by the students or teachers?
If you still enjoy watching network tv primetime shows, why?
What is something simple but people over complicate?
How do you wipe, do you fold the paper or do you cruple it? Why?
What do you do when you're anxious about something?
What are some common misconceptions that drive you crazy even though they are trivial and don't really affect everyday life?
You find out one day that you are a sentient robot. What do you do?
In your opinion, what is the most beautiful place on earth? Why?
What is a movie/tv show scene you have burned into your memory but you don't know where it came from?
What song increases your serotonin, gives a sense of calmness, or a temporary escape from the world?
Have you ever caught someone cheating on you? How did you catch them?
What do you think the life of the richest caveman was like?
Older people of Reddit, what is your advice for the younger people?
LGBTQ people of reddit, when did you loose your virginity? (NSFW)
Redditors who ended up dating their therapist, how’d that go?
What is the most embarrassing moment of your life?
What’s the hottest thing mentally/physically about a person?
What bothers you the most about the education system?
Millennials of Reddit, how do you afford a vacation?
What is one food that you can eat everyday without getting tired of it?
If you were sixteen again what would've you done differently?
What's the female equivalent of a double stream?
What two songs are great individually, but they become even better when played back to back?
Who should play Chris Chan in the movie about his life?
What are your thoughts on food culture diversity and people from other places eating foods that aren’t considered as dishes in your culture?
If you could anything in the world, what would it be?
What were the highlights of your childhood?
How can you prove someone pushed? Accidental fart or on purpose?
God comes down from heaven and says one thing to settle the debate once and for all. What is it?
When did you realize that your parents had sex?
Steam train enthusiasts of reddit, what's your favorite steam train moment?
Redditor’s that have BPD- what is your day-to-day like?
What does lean / purp drank taste like and feel like?
Does Kanye West or Eminem have a greater discography, and why?
What is something that always gives you a HUGE smile?
Gay men of reddit, what was your, "oh shit, I'm gay" moment?
[serious]Those of who had a major setback and had to totally start over, how did you do it?
What deleted scenes from a movie should have been left in?
What if we bring back the Neanderthals and mate again?
People on reddit, When did you find love?
What’s the most bored you’ve ever been?
What’s your main gift or talent?
Morticians of Reddit, what do you do with implants (silicone or saline) when you're preparing a body for burial?
Which subreddit is your favorite and why ?
Females of Reddit, what is it like to have a vagina?
If you were to rename Hogwarts 4 houses from Harry Potter, what would they be?
What's your best first date?
You have 24 hours left to live. How would you spend your last day?
What was the first movie to make you cry?
What were you punished for in school for being smart?
People of reddit with buttholes, what's your proudest fart?
Macbook Air M1 16GB users, how does it fair after a year?
If you had to eat one food for the rest out your life what would it be and why?
What side character deserved more screen time?
What's the worst question to ask?
Ok, so how do you people do eye contact? Do you look at the left eye? Or right eye? Cam you do both? Why?
Redditors who went to Nightclubs during the 90s, what songs consistently made the crowd go crazy?
What is the trick to getting people to do what you think is the right thing or compassionate thing without forcing them to do it?
You switch lives with Jeff Bezos for a day. What do you do with the billions of dollars?
What is something everybody should know?
What did you hate the most about being sheltered ?
What are some places that people think is far away but in reality is much closer than expected?
How much money would you take per year to take a year off your life?
What do you fear the most in life?
What is something that offends you, but you completely agree with?
out of all your exs (if you have any) which one would you go back too and why?
Who are you a fanboy of?
What animated movie would you like to see in live-action?
What are some funny Stories involving your unconventional pet?
Doorbell Camera Owners, What's the Craziest Thing Yours Recorded?
Girls, what should men not do in relationships?
What was the best sensation you ever had that wasn't sexual?
What band or artist from when you were younger is seems completely forgotten today?
What are some good hobbies to get into?
How do you take care and prolong the battery life of your phone or tablet, or, on what percentage do you usually charge your device?
Wikipedia editors, what are some funny/bad/weird edits that you had to revert?
What's the process becoming an EMT in California?
(serious) what do you do for yourself to feel sexy?
Men of Reddit, what are you really thinking about when you say “nothing”?
What is your best story of quitting a terrible job?
[serious] Self-care: Why should tidying up space be a routine?
What’s your guilty pleasure jam you play on YouTube every so often?
Redditors, what makes a man look gay?
What is the best part about being single?
One day you hear a knock on your door, and you see an orde of angry people and then they say "we saw your opinion on reddit and we didn't like it, so we decided to murder you" what do you do?
How is study in United States with the threat that at any moment could be a shooting?
Anyone know someone as a child who became extremely wealthy later on in life? What was that person like as a child?
What’s the biggest unsolved mystery from your past?
At what age did you have your first alcoholic drink?
"All her imperfections, that's what makes her perfect" How do you describe the love of your life?
If the USA were somehow to do away with the concept of constituent States and rename itself simply America with only a federal government .. how differently would the country function?
What's the stupidest thing you've gotten in trouble for?
what is the best little Debbie snack?
What's the funniest thing that happened at your school?
What was the most cringe moment in your life back in high school that nobody witnessed?
What is something that can you buy with just 1 dollar ?
Which question can you never answer seriously?
If you could build a robot to do anything, what would it do?
What is your funniest story of getting caught in exams cheating?
What do your consider "your humor"?
What’s your sign it’s time to find a new job?
What do you want to tell about yourself?
What has beeb your greatest achievement?
Which superhero between Batman and Iron Man is more realistic in real world?
Humanity has won, god has been slain. You are the demon tasked to torture god for his many crimes against humanity. How you you begin?
What is the pettiest thing you have done after a breakup/divorce?
Time stopped for 24 hours. What would you do while everyone and everything is temporarily frozen?
Women of Reddit, what is something that you go through daily, that you want men to know & understand about ?
What event in history can we learn the most from going forward?
[Serious] "Sitting when you should be standing during the national anthem makes you look ignorant and ungrateful. Ignorant about a country that works to correct its faults, and ungrateful for the opportunity and freedom that it offers all its citizens". What are your thoughts on this?
What foods do you eat every single day? What’s your diet?
What fictional character is most popular with the least amount of screen time?
In what common skill are you the best?
What was the biggest guilt trip method you have ever seen?
What's the biggest secret you couldn't keep?
What's the best insult you have ever heard?
What is this question about?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the craziest order a customer requested?
What’s that one app you found interesting recently?
How old were you when you noticed/what happened that made you notice childhood trauma and/or your parent’s toxicity?
What was life like before the internet?
What is something that is completely innocent, but sounds wrong?
What questions to ask when wanting to view a car online in person?
What is the best way To Kill A Mockingbird?
Dear non virgins ( not including sex toys ) how would you rate sex?
What do you think is scarier
guys, what’s something non sexual a girl does that turns you on?
What two animals would you fuse into one to make a new super animal?
What is your type in a partner ?
What is the biggest secret the US government has?
What if you got dunked on?
Why, by and large, does it seem like Democrats get support (going off union endorsements) from fire&rescue while Republicans get support from police?
What’s your oldest memory?
What’s a popular opinion on reddit that you hate?
In what instances is Reddit a better source of information?
What always makes you feel like a kid again?
What’s the Lerner and Rowe jingle for your city/state?
How much time and effort do you put into your meals every single day?
What happend in a wet dream you had?
People that franchise a restaurant from a big food chain what is it like?
If you had the right to automatic citizenship of any country on the planet, where would you choose to live - and why?
What’s something you wish you didn’t do in your past?
People who drive Semis/Big Rigs/Lorrys for a living what are some interesting stories from your travels? [Serious]
What fast food chain reveals where you’re from?
What helps you when you have a migraine or headache?
Which movie/book/tv show characters are more blind than blind people?
For those who actually played 7 minutes in heaven - what happened?
What makes Church so awkward?
Why made you leave your religion?
(Serious) Fellow coffee drinkers of Reddit, at what age did you start?
What is Your Favorite YouTube Channel?
How old and where were you when you lost your virginity?
What court case decision completely blew your mind?
What are some good things in your life at the moment?
If the concept of sovereignty didn't exist, there were no countries, no borders, and the world were just one big land mass ... how would that turn out?
What's the best method to have sex in a car?
Paramedics of Reddit, what’s the most wholesome moment you have witnessed?
What do you think of potato chips pizza?
What's the laziest thing you've ever done?
What’s the most sarcastic or dry humor thing your child has said to you?
In your opinion, at what age do you go from "playing" with your friends to just "hanging out"?
What is a hidden talent you have?
What is the most over-hyped Reddit subreddit group?
People, who want to date someone over 6ft why?
What do you hate the most?
What's the best way to kill big chunks of time on a road trip besides listening to podcasts or audiobooks?
What did homes smell like in the 1950s? '60s? '70s?
What's something embarrassing you didn't know until you moved out on your own?
Any gender, how was your first time?
What are some video clips that don't need to be translated to know what they're saying?
Your hosting a Holloween Party, what's the guest WiFi name?
What’s your best dirty truth or dare story?
Is gender dysphoria and trans the same, different, similar? What is it?
Although they are written for children, what is the scariest Goosebumps book/story?
Your rich Relative has agreed to give you $10,000 to start a business. It has to be Internet only and you need to make $40,000 within one year. What is your business?
People who submit their school assignments late, what is your go-to, believable excuse?
During Sith Empire thousands of years before Episode 1, what do you think Sith therapists or marriage counselors were like?
Hey, What makes a person good leader?
How much information do you think we truly know about the government?
How is your relationship with your supervisor?
What else should the human body have? Extra heart? Wings? A third leg?
Where are the “popular kids” from high school now?
Boys, what’s the most weirdest or disgusting thing you’ve stuck your dick inside of?
People of Reddit who grew up poor, what were some of the things your parent(s) did to hide the financial struggles from you as a child?
People of reddit who heavily edit your pictures, what reactions what you gotten when people met you in real life?
What's the craziest dream you've had?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the scariest thing you have seen a student do?
What’s the point of having social media if you don’t have any actual friends?
What are some of the most surprising things that would never have happened if Archduke Franz Ferdinand hadn’t been assassinated?
How is your day/night?
What are some good songs to define America?
Which time periods are over and under represented in historical fiction TV/movies?
[Serious] People who never wanted children but ended up with them anyway, how do you feel about being a parent?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever been called gay for?
What is a recent change that you have made, and are proud of?
What makes you the most angry at work?
What is the best way to switch careers in your early 30’s and do something you actually like?
How would the USA be different if the founding fathers were hardcore pro wrestling fans?
[serious] How do you be productive when depressed?
What is the best life hack you know of?
If you could change one thing about yourself, what would that be?
Has anyone ever married their “backup”? If so, what has your experience been like?
How do you say you're a basic white girl without saying you're a basic white girl?
If you could change one thing about your job, what would that be?
What kinda world you would creat if you end up with all of powers of God?
Which Death of A character From A Video Game Made You The Most Sad?
If search engines somehow didn't exist, what would the internet look like?
TV in the bedroom, yes or no and why?
What is one thing someone said to you that no one took seriously except you?
Which actor or actress who disappeared from the limelight do you miss seeing on tv or in the movies?
What job/career do you think Timmy Turner grew up to do?
Atheists of Reddit, what’s your view/opinion on religion?
What did that person do to make you feel special?
500 years from now, what will be our time’s “the earth is the center of the universe”?
What keeps you alive?
Question: Are you able to see something in your mind, just because someone told you to picture it? How?
Which food item do want to eat now?
What’s the gayest thing you’ve ever done?
How come you can stream a 2 hour long movie on your phone with no problem, but not a 15 second Reddit video?
What would happen if you stopped washing your hands?
What is a good sub where U just can post things without do a question or something?
What was the biggest scandal in your hometown?
What did you do as a kid that you find weird now?
Think back to a time your birthday felt magical. What made it feel that way?
Child therapists of Reddit, what's it like treating kids with ODD?
What new hobby have you discovered this year?
What is the weirdest way your name has been misspelled / mispronounced?
If Republicans and Democrats had a custody battle over all the States of America without the voters being involved, how would the custody battle play out? What are some compromises that would occur?
What are some of the hobbies that are slowly dying ?
What ways do Women intimidate each other in a disrespectful manner?
When and why did you last feel hopeful?
Is it possible to have meaningful, contributive discourse on social media in 2021? Why or why not?
Do questions and comments like these show up in the year 3000? Or is it relived physically after creating a simulation of it ourselves?
What conspiracy theory do you 100% believe, no doubt?
What dead YouTube channels do you miss most?
People think that Reddit doesn’t have attractive people on here? Why?
What was a moment you regretted posting something?
What’s the one thing you always forget to pack when you go on vacation?
What is something they don't teach in schools but should?
Are the Who's down in Whoville from The Grinch the same Who's from Horton Hears a Who?
What jobs could be replaced by robots?
What's a tattoo you wanted as a kid that you didn't get and are VERY happy you didn't?
What’s your favorite villain quote of all time?
Catfishers of reddit. what happened when you eventually met the person you catfish?
What do you think is the "biohack" with the best ROI right now?
Screw zodiac signs, what’s your favorite type of pizza crust?
What scientific or medical breakthroughs are a very real possibility in the next 25 years?
What’s the fucking saddest fact you’ve ever heard?
[SERIOUS] What is the closest you’ve ever been to facing death?
Workers of Reddit that work a 9 to 5! What do you love most about your schedule and what do you hate most about it?
People who thought about breaking up with their SO but didn't, do you regret staying? Did things get better, and if they did, how did you change the relationship?
What would you do if you woke up and it was all just a long dream?
What are some words of wisdom that you have learned throughout your life?
How d'you all manage to survive your hardest battle so far?
What book would be a lot more terrifying if it wasn't fictional?
What is your life hack that gets you weird looks?
What’s your Halloween costume going to be this year?
What EU Star Wars moment would've been a contender for best moment in the Saga if it was in the Sequel Trilogy?
What are the best subs to browse through specifically new posts?
what food do yall hate that others love?
What is the funniest thing your kid (or any kid you know) has done or said?
what's the worst heartbreak you experienced?
When have you seen or dealt a bully karma?
You are God for a day, what thing will you change first?
What is the story of the worst sex you've ever had?
What’s a TV show you wish you could be apart of? Why?
Fellow redditors, when did you discover that your mom/dad is a Karen/Ken?
Yaoi fangirls of reddit, why?
If you could delete three people from life who would they be and why?
What’s a song that perfectly describes your life?
What would you actually do to hold her?
What are some popular India specific SubReddit handles that can be used to share funny videos?
Why or why not is Dave Chapelle transphobic?
What job doesn’t get enough credit?
What are some inconspicuously dangerous everyday items?
What will you write in a letter to the person you love, but will never confess to them or cannot confess to them cause you don't talk anymore?
What simple task do you always fail at?
Did you ever have a cartoon crush? Who were they?
What was created first, English words or the English alphabet?
With spooky season in full swing, what's the best scary movie to watch on a dark and stormy night?
What Stupid thing did you do as a teen which left you permanently damaged/disformed?
If you smoke weed for the first time, what’s the quickest way to get it out of your system?
Hey Reddit. Do you ever get high (or feel like it) when you're entertained or happy (maybe)?
What random crap is in your junk drawer?
If each of the Disney princesses and their respective kingdoms went to war with one another, who would win?
Anime watchers of Reddit what is the most emotional moment in anime you ever watched?
What is a YouTube channel that is very simple but very entertaining?
Pilots: What’s your favorite part of a flight?
People who wear glasses, What’s your best answer for when someone holds up two fingers and asks, “how many fingers am I holding up?”
What’s your “I knew them before they were famous” story?
So what is NOT a symptom of depression?
Hey Reddit what is the nicest thing you have ever seen or done?
What's the weirdest thing you masturbated to?
What to do while covid is being a bitch?
What unhealthy food do you love?
What are some productive ways to spend time on AskReddit handle?
How do you make someone want to do a good job?
What is the deal with men and their beards?
What place do you associate with horror ?
what's the best handmade gift you've ever recieved?
Whats the largest caliber firearm you own? How awesome is it?
what is the downgraded version of your username? how funny is it?
Whats Your Favorite Subreddit?
Uploading video in reddit - how and what exact format?
Who is the most underrated actor?
What’s the most disturbing but good at the same time movie?
What are some popular genuine SubReddit handles that can be used to promote a YouTube video?
If you could have dinner with anyone from history, who would it be and why? Where would you take them?
Poor people who know or talk to wealthy people, what is the most ignorant thing a wealthy person has said to you?
How do you make life more interesting?
What is the oldest Deadstock/NOS item you still have in your house?
Have you seen the movie ”The Giver”? If so what do you think of it and why?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what comes to mind when you hear the word “America”?
How much sex would you have if you were hot?
Cab and rideshare drivers of Reddit- What was the weirdest passenger you've had or conversation you've overheard?
What are some good subreddits for hiking/nature pictures?
What’s your criteria for a true friend?
What makes finding someone that loves you so hard?
What is a fun website you wish more people know about?
People of reddit. Whats the one secret that you would take to the grave?
what's the weirdest secret your friend has told you?
When is too short better than too long?
What’s one thing your friend will never forgive?
What is the most memorable post you remember from yahoo answers?
What is the best food to eat in preparation for an evening of boisterous sex?
What reality show you watched as a guilty pressure?
What movie characters would be vastly improved if they were played by Alan Rickman?
What's the most embarrassing moment of your life so far?
People of Ireland and Scotland, what are some local traditions that happen around the Halloween and Christmas seasons?
You've been imprisoned for the last 50 years. What song do you want played after you escape?
Redditors who had an encounter with strangers and probably disliked it, what’s your story?
Type each letter of the alphabet into the search bar. What is the first thing recommended for each letter?
What is your most shameful addiction?
Middle aged people who hate their job, how do you plan on spending retirement?
What are hot people problems like?
Whats a good list of zombie apocalypse supplies?
It’s 2050, you’re invited to a 2020s themed party. What are you going to wear?
What would happen if all animals disappeared?
What is the question for which you didn't find an answer?
What candies do you like?
What are the single worst and best days of humankind?
What’s the most overlooked “red flag” in a relationship?
do you enjoy hugs? why or why not?
People with abusive and toxic parents. How did u heal from the trauma?
What are yours or your friends hilarious misheard/misinterpreted song lyrics?
People of reddit who had to kill in self defense how did it happen?
Women of Reddit, what expectations do you have when dating?
What's a skill you learned for the first time later in life? How did you approach learning differently than when you were younger?
What is the best/worst thing about your hometown?
What celebrities are surprisingly huge jerks irl?
“Paying their fair share” is a vague statement, who gets to decide what the “fair share” is?
What celebrity was surprisingly nice irl?
Whats the funniest thing you've heard?
What high have you experienced except form drugs and alcohol?
How do you go from dating someone to being in a relationship?
What's the most unattractive thing that tastes the best with everything?
Whats the worst experience you've had on holiday?
while those who have thrown fits of anger and made things worse, have you or anyone else fit of anger actually helped to you or others?
If you was invisible for a day what would be the first thing you would do?
[Serious] What’s your opinion about body hair on woman?
What are your opinions on exorcism cases such as Roland Doe and Anneliese Michel? Do you think they are real cases of possession, misunderstood mental illness or something else entirely?
What was your worst hotel experience?
If you had a Million Dollars, but you can buy only one thing. What would it be?
What 3 songs do you think best represent the very height of Grunge music?
If everything was free for a day what would be the first thing you would get?
You are given an hour during which you have permission to have sex with anyone on the Earth. Who are you going to go for?
What are some good first wedding anniversary gifts?
What subreddit thinks they’re smart but really aren’t? Which is the most toxic?
What's the worst place to have a pimple?
What’s a trait on someone that society finds ugly, but you find beautiful?
What would be the best way to make redditors lose the Game?
would you sell yourself? and for how much? and why?
Based on your username, why would your government or espionage agencies be after you?
What's the first thing you think of when you hear "America"?
Which race(s) /ethnicity do you find to be the most attractive?
What is a religious experience you had, that was extraordinarily inspiring or comforting?
What are things from the early days of the Internet that are no more and you miss?
you're going to be left alone in an island and you got to choose only one object to keep. what is it?
What film remake do you think is actually better than the original?
People who use Emojis, why?
What's the most innovative way to say fuck off, without actually saying fuck off?
What are you in the top 1% of?
Weebs of Reddit, what’s your pet peeve about other weebs?
what is the last stupid thing you did?
What's a scene from a tv show that really happened to you in real life?
What random thing do you do to comfort yourself that most people wouldn't do?
[Serious] Doctors and Nurses of Reddit What was the most stressful time of your career ?
If you could get any tattoo without worrying about money or pain,what would it be?
What's scarier without the blood?
If you can break one world record what would it be?
Females on Reddit, what is your things?
if ali from squid game was black what would be different?
What is the worst song from your favorite artist?
What's the smallest amount of power you've seen someone drunk on?
Who is your favorite actor/actress and why?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Redditors who saw the original iPhone unveiled in 2007 live, did you know immediately that it would have substantial impact on tech or were you skeptical?
How do you start a convo with a girl you’ve ignored for 4 days?
what do you do when you feel lonely?
Hungry Redditors, what food are you craving at the moment?
What is something your boss/superior has said or asked of you that made you question their intelligence ?
What's something that you're dreading about going to school/work tomorrow?
People who have dated the stereotypical horse girl, how did it go?
You can turn your dust into vinyl record. What will you record on it?
Dear concert filmers, why do you do it?
What do you know about water polo?
[Serious] Roadies for a famous Musician/s, what is the one best experience you will never forget?
Can you live without the sunlight? Why?
Which mechanic from an indie game should AAA games borrow?
What is your best "fuck you karen" story?
Your forced to work as a shop owner in a video game for 1 year for 100,000 dollars. What game do you choose?
Redditors who constantly ask "nsfw questions", why?
What do you think is the worst Nintendo console?
How learning about reproduction change your life?
how do you order an iced coffee from Starbucks that is super sweet?
Dentists if Reddit, can you tell if someone has been flossing/brushing everyday? If so, how?
People who were pro-choice but became pro-life. What made you have a change of heart?
You can bring back one extinct species to life. Which one do you pick and why?
Reddit, why did you do that?
How do you reignite your belief in love?
What is a job where you have to use other people's money?
Who do you consider to be a hero?
What is your best insult?
What Cartoon Character would you imagine having sex with?
Whats your formula to live life and deal with an uncertain future?
What are semi-well paying jobs that you don’t need a degree for?
looking for a career change . what's the best way to scam rich people?
What’s the most upsetting cheating in a relationship story you know about?
What's your "Oh fuck, not again" moment?
[Serious] How did you decide where you wanted to live?
Dear Reddit, what is the cure for laziness?
Where’s you favorite place to cry?
How and why do people start talking in different languages or play musical instruments they never knew all their lives, suddenly after experiencing brain injuries or brain operations?
What's the best single season of television that you've ever seen?
What was taught in school 20 years ago that has since been proven to be wrong?
What do you think is fine to do but don't actually do yourself?
What movie did you love as a child but now hate as an adult?
Whose on the Squid Game hype?
Gay people, which celebrity do you find most attractive?
What will exist in 2030 that doesn’t exist in 2021?
What's a Halloween movie that doesn't seem like a Halloween movie?
If you were to choose someone with no political experience such as Trump, who would be your pick and why?
What’s something you’d love to get into if you had more time/money?
If insurance companies claim something is an “Act of God,” don’t they have to prove that there is a God? And which one?
When was a time that politeness or good manners have gotten you into trouble?
What is the best way to gamble?
You get to choose a single deadly sin to commit without repercussions for the rest of your life. Which one would you choose?
Why would you recommend becoming a morning person?
You adopt a physical form of your Reddit username what would happend?
What's your life's work? A beautiful garden? A huge Pokémon collection? Or maybe a public mural?
What's a food almost everyone loves but you find taste disgusting?
What do people do once they achieve all the goals they had set in life?
What are the lesser known or uncommon “life hacks” that you know?
When is it acceptable to discriminate someone medically?
What was your "it's only funny when it happens to someone else" moment?
Artists of Reddit, how do you stay creative and what helps you get inspired and find new ideas for drawings/paintings?
at what point did you realise that a relationship should not be the way you thought it was?
What is a fan made trailer that you wish could be for a real movie?
What’s a strange/disturbing fact?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What's the worst thing someone can do?
You get on a plane and the pilot says the plane is built by students and it is going to be tested for the first time, what would you do?
What’s the perfect way to enjoy your sundays?
What is a realistic and affective way to stop caring about what people think or say about you?
What is something that in theory should work but just doesn’t?
Which annimal has the foulest-smellling waste?
What's your favourite moon in the Solar System?
What ended up being the most valuable purchase you made at a garage sale?
What’s a game that you started playing early on that you are most proud of?
McDonald's drive-thru workers of reddit, what's the worst/funniest conversation you've heard from people's cars through the speaker?
How do you feel when you recieve a participation trophy?
What do you think about when you go for a walk?
Women of reddit, how much does a guy's height matter to you?
What's a food you hated as a child, but enjoy as an adult?
Why do you like to be alone?
Police officers of Reddit, what was the worst crime scene you have ever walked in on?
What did live up to the hype?
Who was that one dirty friend you had at school?
What is the weirdest thing someone has been cancelled for?
Reddit, why is the discovery by the Mars Rover, that Mars used to have ancient lakes and rivers, not getting much coverage in the media?
People who live alone, do you close the door when you go to the bathroom? Why or why not?
What is most productive s/reddit ?
What situation did post-nut clarity saved you from?
As a boss/manager, how do you kindly correct an employee’s mistake?
Redditors, what would you stop/start doing in your life if you stopped caring what others said about you?
What is the worst date you have ever been on or witnessed?
What 2021 best movie?
What is a word that you absolutely hate saying?
You wake up as the president of the United States. What is your first action?
What would a world that utilized irrational numbers as it’s base look like?
If you have a time machine, what events in the history would you like to change?
Who’s your favorite speaker or intellectual of all time?
What is your favourite thing to watch this week?
What would be a reason that someone’s name is a dealbreaker in a potential relationship?
Which actor makes for the best movie or tv villain?
What are your “What Ifs” of the world?
What do Americans really mean when saying “Eurotrash”?
Boys, when you get a boner does it hurt to pee or is it just difficult?
How do you sanitize your phone?
What colour do you associate dogs with?
Warren Buffett once said in an interview that he’d rather a high school student who understood investing rather than a college Graduate, So why do schools push for college rather than intelligent investing practices?
What do you do to cure boredom?
How would you know if you still love someone or you're just staying because it's convenient?
What’s your biggest regret you’ve never disclosed to anyone?
Straight guys from reddit how willing would you be to let your bro give you head if nobody knew?
What’s a problem you wanna have?
Where does the forehead end on a bald person?
People of Reddit what are some underrated things to do for the other half?
What's the worst first date you've ever had?
What are your immediate thoughts when you think of reddit?
If you had the curse of the Ghost Rider, how would you harness this malediction?
whats your go to binge watch show?
WHY Do you still use a device with the classic iPod/iPhone charging port pre-Lightning cable?
The media is loaded with prescription drug ads that say, "Ask your doctor if XYZ is right for you." So who in the Reddit community has actually asked your doctor about an advertised drug? And what was the response?
What is the decadent pleasure you turn to in order to indulge yourself when the opportunity arises?
What feels like a pyramid scheme but isn't?
What’s a a piece of media that brings you comfort or is a guilty pleasure of yours?
How would you change the society and the system we live in? How would our life look like?
French people of Reddit what does French sex sound like?
If you saw cash in the middle of a giant, ankle deep puddle, how much cash would it have to be for you to go and pick it up?
What is the best movie you have seen lately?
if any of you have experience with sending a vehicle off a literal cliff, what's it like?
What is the name of the most popular actor / actress in your country?
Homeless, or previously homeless, people of Reddit how were you treated by the general public as well as social services/council/homeless help services and how do you feel about how you were treated?
What quirky/funny/cute thing does your pet do?
How were you first introduced to Wrestling? Why do you still watch/don’t watch anymore?
Michael Meyers (Halloween movies) will appear near you and attack tomorrow at midnight, and you have $10,000 to prepare. What is your plan?
what does women feel about female domination sex?
People who actually buy Christmas stuff in the beginning of October: why are you in such a hurry?
You can possess one vehicle from a fictional or non fictional universe, you can only use it for 24 hours, what do you choose?
Non germans of reddit. What do you seriously think about germany?
When was the last time you felt like an asshole?
Reddit, how do you plan to make it to 2024?
What's one place you go to when you feel lonely?
Which is best android browser app. and why it is best?
What do you do when you are stressed?
What subs do you suggest for people who prefer a more positive and uplifting reddit experience?
What is something that you bought and then immediately regretted?
Which type of travel do you prefer and why?
What is something you want to do, but scared to do?
Life in the mountains vs. life on the beach and why?
What is your opinion on marriage?
On a scale of 1-100, how horny are you?
Tell us one lie and one truth about you, can other redditors guess which is which?
What is a food that tastes so good but smells so bad?
Wrong answer only, what's the best pizza topping?
Have you ever met someone who was able to drastically change their life for the better, and not turn back into their former self? Can people truly change their personality?
If you were an alien visiting earth, what do you think the weirdest thing would be about humanity?
If your country suddenly became tax-free, how much of an impact on your finances would that have?
Advice needed - what would you say to a friend who’s boyfriend is making them chose you or him?
What is the best way to get over a broken heart?
what is the worst pick up line ?
What is a movie you know deep down is terrible but you love watching anyways?
What is something people don’t take into account when surviving a nuclear apocalypse?
Vladimir Lenin comes back to life and starts walking and talking like Frankenstein's monster and saying "must destroy capitalism", what would you do and how would you react?
If you could learn a new skill but lose one skill that you already know, what skill do you gain and what skill do you lose?
Ladies and Gentleman, how do you feel about Gentlemen and Ladies?
Someone just broke into your house, what do you do?
Which is that one song that changes your perspective of life?
What are the largest online forum communities for general questions (besides Reddit) ?
What do you do on a lazy Sunday?
How much debt are you in?
What's the smartest thing you did that you're really proud of?
What aesthetic do you really like?
What's your secret that could literally ruin your life if it came out?
Have you ever been the victim of a prank show? How was your experience?
You have 15 minutes to save 15% or more on car insurance, what do you do?
You were arrested for the last thing you did before you went on Reddit, what was your crime?
What are you fighting for in life?
Nice guys of reddit, what's your best and worst experience of being a nice guy?
What is the benefit of AskReddit?
What great moment did you witness which wasn’t captured on video?
Why should Wilder have done differently to defeat Tyson Fury?
What’s the dumbest thing that scares you?
What’s a weird food combination that you love while most people think would be disgusting?
The main protagonist of the last movie/TV show/Book you read/watched is out to kill you and you have the last person you spoke to as a backup, how screwed are you?
What famous movie quote would you change?
Why has FFP failed in European football?
What do you think will be the next platform once Reddit dies down?
gamers of reddit, what is the worst thing that has happened to you while gaming?
What are some healthy coping strategies for losing a pet?
What do you do when you feel existential dread ?
What was you "Oh sh*t, I'm getting old" moment?
What is your example of the Mandela Effect?
[Serious] are you going to make a fried egg sandwich after reading this, why or why not?
People of reddit, what video game did not deserve to die off early in it's release?
[Serious] People who do autopsies, what is the most horrifying thing you have seen?
What are some trustworthy, ideally free ad blockers for PC that can be set to block just moving ads? I'm fine being shown static stuff to "pay my way" online it's just the flickering that infuriates me. It is so distracting while trying to read stuff. Anyone out there solved this problem?
What ever you think first after reading this will be the reason you die. What did you think of?
What’s the craziest thing you have done while grieving the loss of a loved one?
What is the best way to make someone listen to you?
What’s your best and worst of the covid pandemic?
WW3 just started, what silly reason can you think of that was the cause for the war to break out?
(serious) You are lying on the floor having a heart attack. What thought is running through your mind?
What country are you from, and how would you describe its citizens in general?
now that everything has settled what would you like to say to the 'oma opi' lady from the tour de france?
You get to switch out one character from any movie or tv show with Steve Buscemi. What do you pick?
Apartment tower window cleaners, what have you seen?
What is the most Squid Game alike thing that happened in real life??
[SERIOUS] Why have you tried to take your own life?
What would a perfect date be like for you?
What’s the longest time you’ve been asleep for?
What was the biggest way your friends and/or family disappointed you?
What is your favourite movie named after the main character?
What is the biggest thing that you want to snitch?
What's a feature animals have that you wish humans could have?
You wake up and you’re in Squid Game. How far do you get in the games and which would you be most worried about?
What movie gets a lot of hate, but you actually love it?
If sex was like The WWE, what would be your finishing move when you are about to buss that money shot?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve seen someone else do?
What do you call your penis?
How come there are over 40,000 known varieties of spiders and only a few dozen types of human? Why so many versions of some animals and very few of others?
You total your car. What was playing on the radio?
Who’s the nastiest redditor, why?
If you had to lose two limbs, which would they be and why?
What’s a song that had a ton of radio air play that you absolutely despise?
How often do you clean your room, or house/apartment?
Has anyone tried Peanut Butter and Honey or any other combination than jam? If yes then how was it?
What's the coolest thing you found buried on your property?
What was your dream job as a kid and what’s your job now ?
How much weight can you lose until Christmas and suggest a best way to do it?
Whats the strangest expression you have in your language?
When were you most tempted to commit a crime?
What if WWE never transitioned to a PG product?
When did you realise that you are nothing special?
What dish that you cook are you most proud of?
What is a recipe you've never heard or found anywhere other than where you found it?
Baseball fans, how do you feel about clever/sneaky plays like fake throws from base?
For the people that use Tik Tok, Why?
What is the worst thing that you have to do every day?
What dream of your parents could you not fulfill?
How do you have an argument with someone who doesn't listen to what you are saying?
What would you do if they remade Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
What hobby seems expensive, but really isn't?
Brits of Reddit who have been to an NFL game in London, what did you think of the American Football experience?
What or who do you think is the closest thing to god in our current world?
What advantage do people get when they post a question on AskReddit?
Dear Redditors. What was the worst time of your life?
Musicians of reddit, what was the biggest crowd you performed infront of?
Actual big-boned people, how do you deal with the teasing about being "fat"?
What is your favorite band or artist?
What are the best responses to prank calls?
time to start the ultimate debate: those who love Squid Game: why? Those who hate Squid Game: why?
How did dumb people spend their time before TV and radio?
If you were to ask someone dead or alive one question, who will it be and what will the question be?
What is life, what does it mean to you? As limited as it is, how does it make you feel?
What fictional character is the representation for your country?
Who's an underrated occupant of Hell?
What’s your longest dry spell?
If you could start a business of any kind what would it be and what would you name it?
What’s your favorite book quote? why?
Which Time in WWE was your favorite?
Redditors, what can you suggest to move on with diagnosis of infertility?
What is the most underrated PSA?
What's for lunch today redditors?
what do you like to talk about?
if you had unlimited powers what would you do first?
What's the most unique thing about your body?
What is the biggest non-thought that you ever had?
What is a hobby you are thankful you began? How and why did you begin? Do you have advice for others wanting to try that hobby?
Which was the most unexpected and creepy subreddit you stumbled upon while searching for something else?
Jesus returns to earth the second time, how would things turn out?
People who gave up on love, why?
What’s the nicest and most wholesome subreddit out there?
Suppose that each room in Hell is tailor made for each sinner, perfectly suited for to maximize their torment. Assuming that you are going to Hell when you die, what does your room look like?
Parents of Reddit, do you have a favorite child? If yes, how do you treat him/her differently?
How long does it take to grow a YouTube channel of a person who is not a Celebrity from 0 to 1000 subscribers, if the person regularly uploads a creative content?
What did the person you hate the most do, that made you hate them?
What’s the worst synonym you’ve heard for vagina?
What is the worst video game you ever played?
People who got through severe depression, how did you do it and how's life going for you now?
What’s a secret you stumbled across and really wish you hadn’t?
What are some of your favorite seasons of television ever?
Friend is about to do an ugly ass tattoo, how do you stop him from doing it?
What’s something you’re glad you did once but never want to do again?
Burnout Paradise Players of Reddit: What's the world record for the highest score in one Stunt Run?
If regular ol’ dads were superheroes, what would their abilities be called?
What is the best ''tall people problem'' moment that ever happened to you?
What was the deepest conversation that you ever had with your dog?
If someone alive today was the reincarnation of Jesus, who would that person be?
Men of reddit have you ever dragged your balls across anything? And if so what?
What's both funny and sad information you know?
Retail workers, how can we make life easier for you?
What's the tallest building you've been to?
What's something that people are not ready to hear?
To people of Reddit:what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen over the weekend?
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
what’s something people need to understand?
What is the greatest pleasure?
What movie takes things from 0 at the beginning to 100 at the end?
People often like to talk about how some things were better in the past, but what is something really cool about living in 2021 ?
What is the best way to ask someone to wear a mask, when in public places where masks are required in light of the hostile opposition to the rule?
What was one time you did something inappropriate at school?
What event did you miss that caused a ripple effect in your life?
You're almost home and a great song comes on radio. You sit in the car in the driveway until the song ends. What song is it? Where does it take you in your mind?
You can only eat at one fast food restaurant for the rest of your life, which one? And why?
Which film do you find the most overrated?
Who is that one person from your teenage years you still think about and wish you told how you felt but didn’t?
What is the weirdest dream you've had?
Redditors who were viral or had a viral post on any social media platforms, what post made you viral?
Which game has the best campaign?
What's the scariest/weirdest story you have to tell?
What should we do with all the vacant/dying shopping malls?
What do you do when you see something nasty and gory?
First thing you think of when you hear "Australia"?
People who got good grades/were called intelgent in high school where are you now? and what advice do u have to struggling high schoolers who are giving up?
What's something good that happened to you today? (serious)
Whats is funniest racist thing some one has ever told to you?
What is the worst thing to say to an officer while you are getting arrested?
Trump dies today of natural cause/health reasons
What are some VERY comforting facts?
All humans on earth spontaneously poop this second. Who has it worst? How would it effect you?
What’s the slang for BOSE amongst the audiophile community? ‘Better order something else’?
Those of you who escaped from cults, how did it happen and what finally convinced you that the whole thing was fake?
What company died a hero instead of living long enough to become the villian?
You can pick any super power what you picking and why?
What fictional life do you fantasize about for yourself when your daydreaming/bored?
What's something all men and women can agree on?
What do you do to feel like you’re positively contributing to your community? Or society in general?
What are some of the racist laws still on books in countries that specifically target a race?
Armenian vs Mexican Food which do you like more?
What is your favourite cock taste like?
How thoroughly do you rinse dishes before putting them on the dishwasher?
What bothers you most in life?
You can chose one super power… can be absolutely anything, what is it and why?
second time asking. those who play fallout 4 what is your favorite settlement in why?
What is the most commonly played song on the radio of all time?
What was your favorite gift/way to be asked to be a bridesmaid?
How can a beginner grow their new YouTube channel organically?
What is the weirdest sex position you've seen/ heard of/ used?
What is something you can never forgive?
How does onlyfans work and how do you get followers and is everything about sex on there?
What is your favourite purchase you have made off of Amazon?
In Mexico beef tripe is used for menudo and beef tongue for tacos. What other cultures use tripe and tongue for classic dishes?
if you had a choice of any superpower, which one would you choose and why?
What’s your strongest sense?
What are you hiding in your phone?
What's your biggest "post nut clarity" moment?
What’s the best catch phrase?
What do you love the most about your significant other?
Using an example in your answer... How much does it bother you when a joke or movie quote, that should be obvious, goes unrecognized on Reddit?
What type of underwear do you wear and why?
What's the happiest thing you've ever done?
What food looks really disgusting but actually tastes really good?
What are some of the worst things someone has asked you to do while having sex?
what's your favourite, under rated single use kitchen appliance, utensils or tool?
if you could have sex with any hot celebrity, who would it be and why?
what is it like to have depression?
People born into rich families, When was the first time you realised you were raised differently?
What's your reason in believing/not believing in God?
People who voted Brexit, worth it?
what are the best and worst things about living in a small town?
People from Afghanistan, the news went silent about you. How are you people doing over there?
If your born deaf what language would u think in?
What is the most satisfying way you've seen a smirk wiped off of someone's face?
[serious] reformed internet trolls, why did you do it and why did you stop?
If you had a chance to tweet one thing from your idols account what would it be?
What’s your favorite Homemade sandwich?
Readers of Reddit: If you could give your current lovers head game a credit score, what would you rate their head game?
Amazon warehouse workers, what’s the strangest assortment of items you’ve boxed up together?
What’s the most morally right thing you’ve ever done?
The last word you spoke out loud will be heard by everyone in the world, what was it?
Greek vs Italian Food which do you like more?
what is the first question one may ask if they woke up from a 3 years coma about crypto currency?
If you were to die right now and were shown a highlight reel of significant moments in your life, what would you want to see?
What one piece of advice would you like to give everyone?
what's your opinion about investments if someone's reason is to earn a good amount of money?
What song for a specific holiday is just too good not to listen to year round?
What was the well known landmark of your town?
if you had the chance to become the opposite gender for 5 minutes...what would you do first?
if you had to play one of the games from the show Squid Game which would it be?
What do you say to girl that will make her day?
What book or movie made you cry the most?
Any masseurs around here? What was your weirdest client ever?
What are you listening to right now?
How about Tesla moving its headquarters and possibly Space X to Texas?
What is the worst form of torture?
What is the oddest way you ever accidentally hurt yourself?
What's the worst place to get a erection?
what are some good and simple youtube video ideas?
What’s the scariest thing that ever happened to you, that you still can’t explain?
What's the best piece of advice that a stranger has given you?
What is bothering you today?
Which style of comedy is your favorite?
How did you get over the heartbreak from your first love?
what’s a movie quote you like that relates to real life?
Has something you’ve done gone viral? Was it for something good or bad & how did it affect your day to day life at home, work, and in public, if at all?
What’s a good excuse for losing your wallet other than “I lost my wallet”?
What subreddit never fails to live up to its name?
You were given a monolith and a keystone which you can use to teleport from any location to the monolith and back, where would you permanently dump the monolith?
If you could instantly change one thing in your life, what would you change?
Redditers of Reddit, what are your useless talents that you’re embarrassed of or proud of?
When we yawn does deaf people think we are screaming?
Why some calendars start in Sunday and not in Monday?
What is the first thing you do after having sex?
people of reddit, what is your "oh shit im stupid moment?"
A dealer is offering whatever your username is for $50 usd. Would you buy their things and what would you do with it?
Remember the 1st time you watched porn. What & when was it? Your first response upon watching? What thoughts/imaginations sparked afterwards about sex, in your head?
What is your most embarrassing masturbation story?
Employees of Reddit, who was your worst Karen?
would you rather be the protagonist or antagonist in an anime and why?
Which industries would go out of business if everyone in the world was just like you?
What's the scariest supernatural experience that ever happened to you?
what happens after we die? is there infinite nothingness or is there an afterlife?
if you would have chosen the job your guardians decided for you, what would it be?
Gays of reddit, what do you find attractive in womens body?
What simple device did you find endlessly fascinating as a child?
What salary in the US do you think qualifies someone as being “rich”?
What historical figure probably had undiagnosed mental disability or mental illness?
What is a truly useless thing to receive?
What are your toxic traits when you are in a relationship?
What is the funniest PREMISE for a movie? Not funniest movie - just funniest single-line basis for a film?
As an introvert, how do you be as confident as Barney Stinson?
If you were the first person to step foot on Mars, what would be your first words on the planet?
What is the one thing that’s making you hold on to this life?
If you could play God for one day, what would you do?
If you went to war with only the items tattooed on you, how is it going to go?
People who have wheezed the juice, how was it and what happened?
If you were able to improve only 1 aspect of yourself, What would it be?
Using a movie title,how would you describe your last bowel movement (it's a joke don't take this too seriously)?
What did you learn from the Covid-19 pandemic ?
What is the rich people sport of your country/region?
What is your divorce story?
What are some believable excuses when u miss school for a day?
What movie should have a tv show?
what is your opinion of a society where it would be normal to talk to someone's exes (and hearing their point of view of the relationship) before starting a new relationship?
Which animal do you think resembles your character, how?
what's your irrational fear?
What’s the funniest joke you’ve heard?
Would you ever date someone who is culturally and socially on a completely different wavelength to you?
When was the last time you felt useful?
What’s one food item or condiment people should always have in their fridge?
What is a social norm you see in your community that immediately tells you “those folks are from around here”?
What is the first thing you serve yourself at a Chinese buffet?
People who stayed in your relationship too long, what was the final straw? How you doing now?
Using synonyms on every word in the title, what's your favorite movie?
If you could listen to a song again for the first time, which one would it be?
Adults of reddit, how long did it take you to get your act together?
Those who once needed someone's affection badly, but don't need anyone anymore, what helped you make that transition?
What movie can you watch over and over again and never get tired of it?
When has being nice to someone backfired on you?
You go to sleep today and wake up the next day but when you check your phone, it says January 1st 2021, and after the first couple of days you realize that you travelled back to the beginning of the year, what do you do with the information you have about 2021?
People with “Baby on Board” stickers on their car, why?
What’s one thing you do (unknown to others) that makes the world a slightly better place?
What lyrics would musical artist say during sex?
If you could only ask one question to anybody in the world and get a true answer, what would you ask and who?
What is the thing that embarassing to do for everyone exept you?
When have you been arguing whether something is called wolf or dog?
Someone hits on your partner in front of you and is being rude to you. What do you do?
Is there a discord for people who wanna voice chat about random stuff, all nighters?
What's the biggest personal hurdle you've ever had to overcome?
People who have had bad Injuries to their balls how did it happen and Describe the pain?
What is Your guilty pleasure?
How are you left facing redditors doing and how many right facing thought you were still left facing?
The 10th thing in your gallery is what kills you, how will you die?
Self Preservation when does it cross from instinct, to emotional response?
Have you ever been discriminated against for something you did or believed in? If so, why?
Those who have travelled to a new country, what was your personal culture shock like?
What would an episode of Between Two Ferns with Donald Trump be like?
What / Where is your “happy place” ?
What’s a new invention you’ve dreamed about that could be a huge success?
What kind of prejudices do you have to deal with as a mentally ill person?
If you could do anything in the world what would it be?
What’s the worst tasting thing you’ve ever eaten?
What is the dumbest way to waste time?
If you could add one universal law/rule that will be applicable to all people of all nations, which law/rule would it be ?
Everybody knows about Brian laundrie. What if he’s just dead?
People who dropped out from school, how did the news go down with your parents?
What was the overall worst year of your life?
How often do you change your sheets?
People who know someone who has had a exorcism, how was it and what did you all go through?
Has anyone bought or received food or drink from another a table as a pickup opener? What happened?
What do you want for dinner tonight?
What makes you believe in justice, even though biologically life doesnt have any justice?
Pokémom buffs of Reddit, which is your Spirit Pokémon?
How does pure coke tastes like?
Your rich relative died and you inherited 1 Million stocks in Blockbuster! What do you do?
What are your embarrassing experiences as a stammerer and how do you cope up with them?
You have found a genie. He takes everything very literal. What would you wish for and how would you word it?
Despite being objectively bad and poorly reviewed, what films provided incredible movie theater experiences?
What makes you like to be around someone?
What is something that you shouldn’t watch in the background while having intercourse?
What's a negative thing in our communities that's often overlooked, that we could do something about TODAY?
What is the most wholesome thing you've personally witnessed?
What makes you hate someone?
Waiters/ waitresses of Reddit, what’s the most popular thing on the menu and is it that good?
How do you exploit your life?
Hiring managers of Reddit: what are some stories about your worst candidates?
What is the weirdest porn/hentai you have watched?
What is the most frustratingly misunderstood plot point of a movie, book, or show you enjoy?
What children's games would be there in a "squid game" of your country?
What is your favorite deleted scene from a movie?
What is the greatest thing about you?
What will change the world?
What's your opinion when it comes to nintendo?
What's the weirdest thing you saw at someone else's house that they thought was normal?
What Is the most transphobic/enebephobic/plumophobic comment or action you listened, saw or read?
What video game would make a good movie?
what is are your thought on de criminalizing all kinds of drugs?
How weird is your TikTok For You Page?
For a student who has never worked, how would you advise them making a cv and a personal statement?
Which NFL player gets way too much hate for no good reason?
Why are you not getting laid?
What's the worst movie you have ever watched?
What's something that gives you hope about humanity?
If judgement day were to arrive tomorrow what would be the little bad deeds that culminated in your failure to gain access to heaven?
A Genie has appeared and can grant you only 1 wish, what would you wish for?
What TV show character made you question your sexuality?
What was the best kids birthday party you’ve been to and what made it so awesome?
[Serious] What is one historical event that you would change the outcome of and why?
Just imagine a situation when you can only use the things/products which are invented by the people who belongs to your religion/beliefs (including atheism) . So which religious group or group of people would be most advanced and which group would be in most advantage ?
What are some of the most stupid things you’ve heard people say?
What are you guys doing for your community?
Teachers of Reddit: what is the craziest story you have from the classroom?
[Serious] IYHO- what is the value of hard work nowadays?
What is an encounter with nature that you can never forget?
What is the scariest moment that ever happened in your childhood?
What's an instant red flag in a relationship?
Former Security Guards of Reddit, What was the creepiest moment you've experienced?
What is one thing you do regardless of people telling you not to do it?
If you took a foreign language class, what is one thing you thought seemed useless and you were saved when you said it?
If you were a country, what would you be and why?
People of Reddit
What was your experience with a prostitute like?
Men who sit down when they pee, why?
Let's make this clear friends, what's your type?
Which spinoff is better than the original?
If you can tell your younger self one advice, what would it be?
Former racists of Reddit. What made you change?
What do you hate that you like?
What are some of weirdest rabbit-holes you've stumbled upon in the internet?
Women of Reddit. What is a female orgasm like?
How did you come up with your reddit gamertag/username?
how do you spend most of your free time?
911 Operators, What is your most violent call and how did you assist in helping police control the situation?
People of Reddit, how did you deal with the suicide of a parent or loved one? How was the first few weeks for you?
What do you think is the worst movie of the decade?
If your username had an opposite, what would it be?
where did you find your soulmate? if you're single, what's your dream person?
chefs, what's one cooking hack you learned that changed the way you cooked?
Of all animals in the animal kingdom, which one would be the rudest?
What habits are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
What’re your thoughts on Tyson Fury?
Who is the best at wood fireplace conversion in Knoxville, Tn?
what is the weirdest video game accessory you ever bought, and why did you buy it?
What are most common red flags in relationships people don't notice?
What is the best subreddit out there?
What has been a piece of tech that has completely changed your life?
If you had a ticket to enter the 4th dimension, would you? If so, why?
What’s something you think everyone should know?
What’s something that you thought was common sense?
What Youtubers who left yt do you want to come back?
People of reddit, what is the most irrational fear you have/have had?
How much time do you spend “surfing the Web”?
How much cardio do you think an anime MC gets on average?
Why did you quit your high-paying job?
What is the algorithm used here ? Why some questions is shown in feeds of everyone and some are not even if those questions are interesting?
People who deleted their Facebook account. What feature/s if removed would make you consider returning?
What things/actions seem unimportant, but they are important?
What’s your craziest public Pooh story?
You are in a world where you are reverted to the age of 10, yet you have 10 minutes to prepare to fight someone armed with a pistol and a dagger. What do you do?
if you could say somethings to all the people of the world at the same time, what would you say?
What's The Best Dr. Squatch Deoderant Scent?
You want to curse your worst enemy with a superpower. What's it going to be?
You have unlimited money, what is the first thing you’d buy?
What’s your go-to cringe video?
What do you hear when you close your ears? Do you hear nothing? Rumbling? Ringing?
What was the bravest thing you told everyone?
What was some of your most embarrassing moments in school?
What's the most you've spent on in game microtransactions and what possessed you to do such a thing?
What's a great company / service in your country that could be a great startup in other countries aswell?
Homeowners of Reddit, when have you tried to repair something only to destroy it in the process?
Cosplayers of Reddit, what is the best and/or worst things about being a cosplayer?
Which Disney character would you most want to have sex with?
What Can You Only Get In One Place?
People of Reddit what for fictional characters would you take on a road trip and why?
What legendary mythical creature do you wish was real?
What's the most creative insult you've ever heard?
A list of different animals and how far they're willing to chase you?
Which film do you consider to be a masterpiece of cinematography?
How lucky were those lobsters in the tank in the first class restaurant on the titanic?
Your battery charge is your penis size, what will you do?
What's the best Halloween movie these days?
What do you like to have for breakfast?
What is something you thought was fake when you were a kid, and realized it's true after growing up?
What’s your most wholesome A list celebrity interaction?
What would be the advantages of "minting" a US cryptocurrency instead of a platinum coin?
You can make one change on one social media site, which site and what change would you make?
If you had your own train car what would you name it?
Who are some "celebrities" you think are famous today just for the sake and haven't actually contributed anything to the entertainment industry since a long time?
Who is the most underrated UFC fighter you've seen?
what do you hate about gary francis poste?
What song do you think will be your city's theme song?
What's your favorite pie filling?
Ever wonder what your dog named you?
What makes teacher to feel uncomfortable in class and how to do it?
What music genre you can't bare ?
How do you sometimes forget that you are in the real world and make things you would never do irl?
What’s a passion or hobby that you love, but don’t do as often as you’d like to?
Who is your favorite superhero?
Women of Reddit, why do you never give Nice Guys a chance?
If Heaven and Hell was a personalized experience, what would yours look like?
What song needs a more fitting title?
You get access to your own earth. Population you. What do you do with it?
In what situation have you ever felt old?
How is Europe (or EU) viewed in your country?
FBI/CIA agents of reddit,what do you actually do?
What kind of porn do you judge, but still fap on?
Girl hits on your man in front of you. Says she dont care hes taken, she can share. What do you do?
What fights has the villains be the witty one with the hero being more bruteforce?
What's something that getting pissy about tells more about the pissy person than what they're pissy about?
What is the hottest uniform a man can wear?
What are the causes for troubles when your in relationship?
What’s a legal way to make $10,000 in 2-3 months?
Redditors, What’s the craziest butterfly effect that happened to you because of a small decision you made?
What's a big word you wish you could use more often?
What annoys you the most?
If you could permanently ban one Youtube channel, which one would you choose to ban?
How much into the future do you plan for?
What do you think it would take to unite the human race into world peace?
Why do you crossdress?
People who are jealous of their rich friends/relatives why?
how did you find what to do in life?
How well are you doing honestly at life?
How do you keep positive ideas and realizations you've had while under the influence through times of sobriety?
Why do you love your child even though they’ve only been living for 0-18 years? [Serious]
What advise would you give to the 20 year old you?
You can time travel, where’s the first place you go?
What should we, as a people, be most concerned about?
If you could add 100% to any attribute you currently possess, what would it be & why?
What is the best laptop brand for durability in 2021?
What conspiracy theorie do you like the most, and why?
Americans, what's something you actually *like* about your country?
What does a modern civil war look like?
What are some underrated communitties?
You're never allowed to date anyone or any sexual contact whatsoever but gain 20% luck in everything you do in Life. do you take the deal?
What is the proudest thing you ever built?
Gen Z, will you be happy when the generation that Rick Rolls is gone?
[Serious] What's your take on citizens being able to own guns?
What is your favourite and least favourite word for dick?
What are you happiest about?
What’s a corporate jingle that still haunts you to this day?
What's a internet trend that you find incredibly dumb?
What creative ways to die do you know?
People who’ve experienced a real “and then everyone clapped”, what happened?
If you could be the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
What alcoholic mix-drank is the best combination?
What's your favourite meme of all time?
What was completely different from what you imagines it would be after you experienced it? Was it better or worse?
What is a sub that makes you laugh really hard every time you visit it?
You have been given a chance to become the president of any country you want. Which country would you choose ?
[SERIOUS] What secret are you keeping from your parents?
Would you still jack off if when you came your semen was just one big sperm, and afterward you'd have to fight it?
If every fictional character you’ve lusted about is coming to kill you, how screwed are you?
Is there a consensus on why "power corrupts"? Why do people with good intentions can become what they once have fought against?
What is the most disturbing thing you’ve ever seen?
You're a bored time traveler. How do you personally fuck up humanity's timeline?
What is the thing that only you know?
What are some cool wild card Christmas presents?
Karen has been updated to Karen 2.0. What new features does she have?
Childhood bullies of Reddit: Was there a reason behind it? If so what was it?
What do you keep stocked up in the guest bathroom's mini-fridge?
What is your plan for today, Reddit?
What is your favorite line from a not-so-good movie?
What are some Omegle hacks to know?
What is the best funny YouTube channel to pass time with?
What was a time where minding your own business saved your life?
Archeologists discover Judas Iscariot's tell-all memoirs revealing "the untold truth about Jesus". What are the most shocking and scandalous revelations?
What is never enough fo you?
If you had a magic box that could bring back any inanimate object that you've lost in your life what would you bring back?
What are the reasons that made you realise that you are shit?
What thing/event at a wedding you attended assured you the marriage was doomed?
What do you think would be noticeable as out of place at a bar?
What foods do not mix well?
What’s something you didn’t believe until you researched it?
What are best ways to carry gf romantically with a damaged back?
Women of Reddit, what aspect of hygiene do men often overlook?
if the ocean water was completely flat, how much water would you need to add for ocean levels to rise 1 atom?
apart from leaving the relationship, and when talking hasn't made much difference, what would be the best most effective way to teach your partner to appreciate what you do for them?
which actor do you think fitted in perfectly in the role they played with their physical look ?
What are you up to this Sunday?
What’s your favorite villain song?
Parents of Reddit. What’s something you know about your child they don’t know you know?
what do you wish people would stop judging you on?
What is more fun than most people think?
What is the craziest thing that happened at your high-school?
What's the largest PC HD you've had?
To Taxi/Uber/Lyft Drivers, what is the funniest story you heard from a conversation from the passenger?
What's that one song which give you goosebumps everytime you listen to it ?
You’ve been in jail since 1990 and you got out today. What is the first thing you do?
What facts do you hate and it make you obnoxious?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
Honesty is the best policy, this is right, and what is your opinion?
What are some famous conspiracy theories that turned out to be true or at least partially true?
What something your parents told/ taught you that you won’t forget?
For those who have given in to the urge to taste dog or cat food: what was your reaction?
If 100 Chihuahuas were going to fight against you and you can choose 3 objects from your house to fight them, What objects would be and how would you do it?
What do you feel most hopeless about?
Hey Reddit! What's your opinion on gen z memes?
How can YOU tell that a movie is gonna suck?
What are the most unforgettable and lifelong experiences with friends that a small amount of money can buy?
Older people of reddit, what thing about growing old frightened you? And were those feelings justified?
Whats a decently paying job that u could most likely bullshit through the interview?
Whats a word that drives you absolute bonkers when someone uses it?
What is useless, but still nice to have?
if you could go to ANY fictional world and stay there, where would you go?
You are now a new person. What has changed?
What is the funniest way you’ve seen an anti drug psa go wrong?
What is a question you have always wanted the answer to but been too afraid to ask?
Retail workers, what ingenious scam did a customer try to pull off, and did it work?
[Serious] For everyone who has lost a loved one recently - What were they like?
Catfished people of reddit, how did it happen?
What is importance of morning air for our health?
What indie games are you obsessed with right now?
What's something that sounds made up but is true?
What is the most cringe-inducing thing you've heard someone say?
So how does the the human brain ignores the second the?
Which book needs to be made into a movie and which doesn't?
Why some people can't have sexual intercourse with a person they're not in love with?
If Squid Game was real, what level do you think you would die in?
How it's called when someone can see the refresh rate of monitors, projectors, and some lights?
What is ptsd like for you?
Which 2 music genres would be interesting if you would mix them together?
What is the strangest thing you saw on Etsy?
Your favourite toy kills you, what kills you?
Everybody in the world is given a chance to become any Marvel character they want. Which character would you choose ?
People who shared a bedroom with a sibling growing up- was it awful?
How do you make the most of the last 2 years of your 20s?
How does one get out of the poverty mindset?
Why are you sorting by 'new'?
What was your best charity moment?
What's your favorite Johnny B. Goode rendition?
What is something that frustrates you to this very day?
Why do you torrent?
Why human cloning should never be attempted?
Parents of reddit, if you are trying to correct your child’s behavior but your partner doesn’t agree with how you corrected it, how do you handle your partners concerns plus your child’s behavior?
What is the creepiest thing that happened to you?
Hello Economists of Reddit, regarding the recent news about countries accepting to have corporate tax of 15% such as Ireland where the big techs like Google, FB, Apple has their HQ, only increased from 12.5% to 15%. Why is it considered a big news and all sounding victorious?
redditors, what was your biggest fuckup?
What is your favourite conspiracy theory ?
How do you react when you loss a frowns to cancer, but they haven’t passed away?
what do you miss?
Who do you think Kashmir belongs to?
What's something you didn't understand at the time but do understand now?
What animal you think should be called the king of the ocean? and who the king of the desert?
If you were going to fight with a gorilla barehanded and naked, What would be your method to defeat him?
How is Pakistan viewed in your country?
What was the last thing that made you truly happy?
What was your first impression of your future spouse?
How is the UK viewed in your country?
You have been given a chance to take birth again and you can choose in which country you want to be born. So which country would you choose ?
How is USA viewed in your country?
What are your thoughts on being surprised by seeing someone versus letting them know ahead of time?
What do you find repulsive that most people enjoy?
(No serious replies allowed.) What do you think of the new California law that makes it illegal to remove a condom without consent?
What’s a subtle warning sign that you’re in a lot of danger?
What’s the best memory you’ve had on Christmas Day?
What's the weirdest advice you ever got, that actually worked?
What’s a reoccurring dream you have?
What’s a dance you wish people stopped doing?
What was the best concert (or live performance) you’ve ever been to?
What do you think about the younger generations role models?
Have you ever made a friend on reddit and how did that end up going?
Where you a bully in school? If so why?
“Cheugy” is hilarious but unfairly disposed toward women. What are example of male cheug?
What is you favorite brand of car 2021?
What is one fact or statistic that would improve the lives of the general population if it was more commonly known?
What do you think Facebook/Twitter/instagram would be like if it had porn and nsfw like Reddit?
Which would you choose, fencing or judo (or something else)?
What’s considered a bad person to you?
After replacing a word, what is the new awesome title of your favorite literary classic?
What is your opinion on Doctors who are not Medical Doctors?
What is an important thing you have done that you thought was unimportant?
People who just woke up, how well did you sleep?
What trivial/s make/s you immensely happy?
With the NFL game going on in London today. What do sport fans outside of America think of the NFL? Would you want to see a game in your home country?
What’s something you’ve been told or heard someone else say that was intended to be comforting/supportive, but it sounded strange?
which frictional character will you choose to have sex with your wife ?
What comes to mind when you hear the world “Jason”?
imagine that you committed a very serious crime and now you have the death penalty, but before you die, you are going to eat your last meal, what would be your final meal?
Ladies, what’s your reaction or thought when someone looks at your butt?
how did you find Reddit?
Why some people hate rich kids even though some of these kids are well mannered and doing well in school?
If you could send one item to the year 1900 to dramatically change the present, what would you send?
What's your hangover cure?
What if we could totally erase a criminal's memories, should they then not be lawfully charged?
What are some strong arguments against the practice of sucking dick?
Who have you never seen in the same room together?
Church goers of Reddit, what are your thinking about during the sermon?
[serious] Former liberals, what changed your mind?
What is a reward worth working for?
if professor x can move things woth his mind why cant he move his legs?
what's the worst way to describe your hobby?
what sounds like a fun thing to do but is actually a nightmare?
what's the worst way to describe your job?
New here, how does Reddit work?
how damaged is your deivce?
What song would be a better choice for your country's national anthem?
When loading the dishwasher, do you load silverware together (spoons with spoons, knives with knives) or mixed together? Why?
What's the most recent revelation that you've experienced?
What is your opinion that nobody cares about?
Does liquor go bad over time and if so how can you tell it’s no longer good?
What viral video will always make you laugh?
Does France believe religion should be private if so why?
You are about to send first couple on Mars. Who will you send?
What event are you 100% sure you have heard or seen but no one wants to believe you?
Hi, How are you (really) ?
if you were the government, what would you change?
What is your country's favorite dish?
In what cases pride is good for you or usefull and when not?
What is a real downside to time travel that most people don’t think about?
How is Russia viewed in your country?
[Serious] Why do people believe "saftey" is more important than "freedom", when history shows that when freedoms are taken, aren't be given back?
What Album Was Ahead Of It’s Time?
What are everyone’s thoughts on if Dutch ovening your partner as an abusive act?
What's your CPS horror story?
What does your age taste like?
What did make things cool for you when you was younger, but you started to hate it when you grew up?
What's the reason behind asian being short ?
At what age do you think it becomes weird to trick-or-treat?
What mob will you vote for?
What made you sad today?
What Is your favorite Episode/quote or moment in spongebob and why?
What is the difference between the Nintendo switch OLED and the originals ?
What was that one thing in your life that you will never forget?
What is your favorite quote or expression?
What is something NSFW and interesting about yourself?
How do you define a 'good' porn?
will, if your coworkers (you don't know who) keeps eating your lunch, would you poison (light poison, not anything serious) the lunch to see who eats your food?
What is the longest book you have ever read?
How did you meet your online friend(s)?
What popular artist/band belongs in the Hall Of Fame of AWFUL Music?
Given 30 seconds with your 15 year old self, what would you say to them to make your future better?
Who do you know personally that has had an adverse reaction to the COVID vaccine?
Redditers without homes, what is something aside from money you wish someone would hand to you on the street?
What was your "Imma let you finish.... buuuuuuut" moment?
You can either be immortal or live a guaranteed prosperous life for 257 years
Without saying your age, what was the first video game you spent considerable time with?
What is the best type of food that you have ever tried?
What are your homemade recipes for basic hygiene (shampoo, conditioner and hand-soap) or household essential products like cleaners or dish soap?
Redditors, if there was an achievementchain like in Minecraft but irl and just for sex, how would it look like?
Women, what is the most evil thing you've done?
If you were hit by a car which car would you choose to hit you?
If you could add one band to the big four of Trash metal, who would it be?
Why do you think people love talking so much about themselves (Including here in reddit)?
Which critically acclaimed film or tv show do you just not understand the appeal of?
What things do most people agree on, but the media will never talk about?
What’s the first thing you do when you wake up?
People of Reddit, What was the smartest way someone Rickrolled someone?
What is the longest grudge you hold against someone?
In which non-English (natively) speaking country do the locals converse in English more often than the local language, to your surprise?
What is a hobby or a subject that you used to like but gradually lost interest in?
People who comes from proeminent/old money family but live a normal life, what influence do your ancestors have on your life?
You wake up tomorrow and find out that you’re the president, what would you do?
What is a word or phrase that people use incorrectly bothers you more than it should?
If Zuckerberg and Dorsey had a child what would it look like?
In what ways you think your parenting could have been better?
If you could change anything from history, what would you alter and why?
When do you know you're "cool" enough?
what's the most immature thing you've done as an adult?
People from rich countries, philosophically speaking what is poor about your country?
What situation has made you feel the greatest shame in your life?
What are some greatest Low specs PC games?
If you were a bumper sticker person, what would yours say?
What is something you learned due to exposore and not because somebody taught it to you?
Nobody stopped Thanos. What is one thing that you would be happy and sad about the new world?
How would Batman feel if he came across, "r/HumansBeingBros" ?
How do you know which people are the right ones to get close to?
How did your parents react when you got a bad grade?
What are some strategies you have personally tried in order to manipulate someone in conversation?
What is your craziest school lockdown story?
What’s The situation in your country regarding va. ccines ?
You, any of you, do you use reddit as a replacement for a therapist? Why or why not?
What are some good introvert-friendly jobs that pay well as of 2021?
What's the worst experience you've had with the eBay Global Shipping Program?
What would NOT exist or be popular if most people had your exact same mentality?
Which celebrity has a better looking sibling?
What is that iconic flavour of most energy drinks?
What would you do if you had $0.94 on you’re itunes account?
What are some of the most over asked questions on this sub?
What song do you have stuck in your head right now?
You are given the ability to teleport anywhere as you wish, but an unknown stranger dies each time you do. Would you ever use this power?
In which situations did you find out your smartphone was TOO smart for its own good?
If you could go back in time and do something that wouldn’t change the course of the world, as if just a time tourist, what would you do?
(Serious) How did you deal with withdrawal?
What is a hobby that you feel is underrated / underappreciated?
What double standard are you tired of?
What are the socio economic or cultural impact of any of the landmark judgements?
what's the best thing about sex?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and why?
what is a movie that would've been better as a tv show or vice versa?
What is it like dying in your sleep?
What pair of shoes do you HATE with a burning passion & what would you do if you saw someone wearing them?
were any of you raised unvaccinated? if so, how have you been dealing with the vaccine mandates?
What are skills kids should actually be taught in school?
What are some good websites/apps/resources for someone who wants to just learn random stuff?
If you got a symbiote, much akin to Venom, what might you be afraid it would lead you to do?
What cringey pet names do you and your partner have for each other?
What is a person you can find at any Home Depot?
How do you get over a grudge?
Why do you think people are obsessed with celebrities?
If you could turn into a Kitchen appliance, would you and what would you be?
You’re walking the street, minding your own business. You happen to find a duffle bag at the corner, filled with crisp cash totaling $2 million dollars. What’s your next move?
What do you now love that you at first utterly failed to appreciate?
What are your thoughts on Jeff Bezos rocket?
Guys of Reddit, what small animal turns you into a damsel in distress?
People of Reddit who practice Hinduism, do you consider yoga cultural appropriation? If so, why?
What one male and one female actor from the 70's are iconic for that period?
Which iconic horror character (games, movies, books, etc) would you fight?
Review your most recent job. What made it a good or bad experience to work there? What made you stay or leave?
What is the hardest thing you ever learned thanks to a youtube video?
What movie will you enjoy watching no matter how many times you have seen it before?
What's something someone can say or advice someone can give about a job or industry that makes it abundantly clear they have never actually worked there?
you've heard about cheap jumpscare, but what about expensive jumpscare? whats an "expensive jumpscare" you know from a movie or video game?
What seemingly common things do you not own?
What are the best good habits to get into in your 20s for your long term health?
How often do you shower?
how did your hamster die?
What is the most unique spider you've heard of?
People who stopped smoking cannabis, How were the dreams like after stopping?
What is the kink you have thought about doing but never tried?
If you went back to high school, what would you avoid?
Where's your head at today?
[Serious]What's a question you've been too scared to ask asexuals?
What smell do most people like that you don’t?
what is something in your life you wish you could've recorded, Why?
How would society change if humans were completely developed (both mentally and physically) at age 10?
What have you not done thats typical for a person your age?
What non sexual thing makes a person 10 times attractive?
What are the most important tips to know going in to a retail job?
What do you think about your parents?
If you could pick any mythical afterlife when you shuffle of this mortal coil, what would it be?
[Serious] How do you get through a day of school/college/work if you got essentially 0 hours of sleep?
What’s the quickest red flag to notice in somebody?
How come you love the feeling of giving your SO, partner or casual acquaintance an orgasm?
How could humanity recover from a robot war like in the matrix and establish the empire of man?
How would government response to COVID / lockdowns have differed if the internet didn't exist?
What do you think will happen after we die?
What’s a word you always have difficulty spelling correctly the first time?
Do you consider belly button piercings to be attractive? Why or why not?
What's the only thing satisfying enough to do at Night?
Why do you personally believe “everything happens for a reason”?
people of the reddit, What Is the most smooth thing you have done infrount of someone?
How much would you pay to stop seeing only sex related questions ALL THE FUCKING TIME?
City or country living and why?
What would the bar you've always dreamed of opening be like?
What is the best way to deal with your kid being bullied in school?
What is the best thing that came out of you being drunk or high?
What are you struggling with?
What do you do when you are too chill and relaxed to do anything?
In what scenario would cheating be justified?
People who have watched the newest Chappelle hour, what are your thoughts?
If you were given one million dollars, but had to spend it in an hour, what would you spend it on?
When was the time that life hitted you really hard?
Which is the most unique item you own and what makes it unique?
What is something you NEVER buy in the off-brand/store brand/No Name/Great Value label?
What are some situations when it is impolite to laugh at a joke?
What if you removed sex from a relationship, what would you be able to offer aside from that?
If you could turn into a Pokémon would you and what Pokémon?
what was your most painful moment - mental or physical?
Are you scared of heights, why and why not?
what is something expensive you bought that wasn't worth the money?
If you could turn into an animal would you and what animal?
What's a good reason to have children?
If life is a person, what is your message to them?
How do you figure out what to do with your life?
What’s a red flag when it comes to dating?
What is the internet equivalent of pulling the chair out from under someone right as they are about to sit?
What is preventing us from finding a cure for cancer?
Which human tasks need to be automated ASAP?
What is something you tried the premium version of and could never go back to the non premium version of?
If you drink the magic of disappearance, and the magic lasts three days, what are you going to do and where you're going?
What really needs to be modernized?
What is love for you?
Hey fellow redditors so what is your reaction on your first pet?
What Popular thing needs to die?
What movie or TV show doesn’t deserve the hate it gets?
Aussies of reddit what are you doing to keep yourself entertained in this lockdown?
Humans say many species are beautiful, majestic or cute etc, what do you suppose they think about us?
Any idea on what kind of content could be interesting for a youtube channel?
How’d you get so smart?
What would you say to someone to help them feel more motivated?
What are some things in the English spoken in your country that would throw English speakers not from there off their balance?
What are some of the most badass thing you have said or heard someone say in a conversation?
If you were famous, would you bang fans? Why or why not?
Be honest, how many hours do you actually spend doing your job?
Reddit, do you ever get tired of your topics going absolutely nowhere on this sub while 5 get all the traction? What are your favorite subs that you SHOULD be at right now?
What's your best advice for someone flying an airplane?
What are some of your top struggle meals?
If you had to show off one thing from present times to Sir Isaac Newton (1700) what would it be?
Trauma survivors,what's your trauma?
What’s the best book, movie, or tv show named after a geographical location?
What does a comment or post have to do for you to downvote it?
Has anyone ever had consistently unpleasant experiences with several people of the same name and if so, what was their name?
Are emojis on Reddit really that bad? Why?
What is the best way to come out to your family as a Santa Clause non-believer?
What is your guy’s advice on life?
What do you prefer, a small room, open space or studying outside?
What is your job and what do you actually want to be your job?
[Serious] What is the hardest thing you've ever done?
People who were in a relationship, why did y'all break up?
As a student, what kind of information did you wish you had early on in your first year that would have made being a student or living on your own for the first time a bit easier?
What's the most bizarre thing that's happened to you?
Who is still alive that is widely believed to be deceased?
You set out an unattended bowl of Halloween candy on your porch ... so how do you go about making sure no little monster steals it all?
what are you ashamed of?
What can’t sex sell?
What’s it like to love your job?
What caused you to turn off a TV show and never allow it to be played in your house again?
What are the pros and cons of worshipping Cthulhu?
what was the reason for the MCU messing up taskmaster?
What are some good excuses to give your teacher for not doing your homework?
What would be something nice you would like to do for others on Christmas? Or other holidays similar to Christmas ?
Whats is the difference between Communism utopia vs. Capitalism utopia?
What are your anger management mechanisms?
What’s your opinion on block chain technology?
what country do you think it shouldnt exist?
What do you think about privacy in 2021?
You are sitting on your couch in the living room, chillin', when all of a sudden you get a text message from an unkown number, with a video attached. In the video, it shows you sitting on your couch, in current time, from a window angle, the messege says "im coming". What do you do?
What are some examples of British dirty talk?
What has quarantine made you realize?
What's on your desk or table where you study?
What's a phrase that makes you go "nobody asked"?
What is the biggest lie that your parents told you while you were a child?
Who was wrong here (question in the comment)?
What is your favorite holiday and why?
What was your reaction (how did you feel) when you had your first orgasm?
Why the f does the Q&A sort option on Reddit not work?
Delivery drivers what is the weirdest thing you have experienced?
If you could watch anyone's life for 24 hours without their knowledge, who would you watch?
What’s the worst dream you’ve ever had that you can remember?
When was the most love you've felt in your life?
What is a basic concept that is always overcomplicated?
What's your top OTP ship?
Which book would you have sex with?
What's your favorite song to start off a roadtrip?
What's your greatest fear in life?
What gets you excited about the holiday season?
What homework do you usually do ?
With streaming services, video-games, movies etc how do you find time to get through it all ?
What are some cheap baby / infant products one could order online to make their in-laws think they were expecting?
Who is your favorite author, and why? And if you have a favorite by them, what is it?
What is something you are very proud of but cannot brag about?
what cause you pain?
What activity gets better as you get older?
What’s the first thing you would do after having all the money in the world ?
Babysitters of reddit, What is the most disturbing thing a child has said to you?
What movie sequels are better than the first movie?
What is an interesting fact you've learned today?
[serious] What are 2 truths and 1 lie about yourself?
What actions are friendly?
People who dropped out of college: How did others react? Did it change anything?
What do you guys think of Homer Simpson as president of the U.S ?
How do you deal with your parents neighbors or friends that you don't want to interact with?
What are the best ways to develop social skills for a complete starter?
When did you know that the relationship you were in was over?
What’s your favourite reptile?
Dentists, what’s the most messed up thing you’ve seen on the job?
If you could change any holiday tradition from your country, either by getting rid of the tradition, changing it slightly and/or creating a brand new one, what would the tradition be?
People on reddit, what is the most important thing about dating?
What is a cool band that you don't want to promote out of fear that they may become too mainstream?
What's the scariest/most disturbing movie you've seen?
What is your preference and why, day or night?
Who is the worst Fighter in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate??
What are some beauty tips that you could share?
What screams "Im too young to use Reddit" on Reddit?
What's your best "and then we were asked to leave" story?
If humans were to go extinct, which species do you think would be next to take over?
What’s a clue that never helps detectives in movies but helps in real life?
Soldiers of reddit, what made you decide to join the army?
Productive folks, how do you do what you know you should?
When and how did you realise that you've anxiety?
If everything was priced according to how much or little you liked it, what would be the most expensive item?
Over a year out from the beginning of covid, where would you be right now if the pandemic had never happened?
What was your experience with early winter night bonefires?
What will never go out of fashion?
What are things that you find disgusting about the world?
what is the best way to go about toxic individuals?
What would be the worst part of your dream job?
Software testers of reddit, how to test games? Any udemy course or articles?
What website would you want to return?
What is a stereotype you completely hate about your country?
Who is the most genuinely good person that you’ve encountered in your lifetime? What actions/interactions gave this impression?
In hindsight, what should we all have done in February of 2020 to help prevent millions of deaths?
What does your generation do to embarrass you?
What is the best Halloween costume of all times?
Why have you forgotten?
[Serious] What was your first time like doing the deed? [Nsfw]
You have to dress up for Halloween as your childhood trauma... so what does your costume look like?
People who see themselves as NOT picky eaters at all, what's a food item you can't stand?
What are the areas of your life where stress situations take place more often?
Guys and Girls of Reddit what do you think would be an inappropriate question to ask a woman?
Posts are going live yet no replies or comments, why is this?
What would you like to do that hasn't been done previously?
What is your preference, a hot woman in a cosplay costume or completely naked?
What was your “I shouldn’t have heard this” moment?
Which language is better for job opportunities German or Spanish?
What's the first picture that comes into your mind when you hear the word "marriage"?
whats the most cursed picture you have ever seen?
whats yo guyses worst Daymare?
If ppl pissed like dogs, and picked 7 fucking spots before settling on one, how would you design a toilet? Like on tracks to move it round the bathroom before you decide or some other design?
What parenting methods used by your parents you avoid as a parent?
Why would someone want to be with someone who doesn't want them?
Semi Truck drivers of Reddit. What are some things cars do on the road that piss you off?
Do you play music when having sex? Why or why not?
Who's the most eccentric person you've met?
What country would you choose to be born in and why?
How have conspiracy theories affected you?
How much do you tip for takeout at restaurants?
You lose your hand in a accident, the Government lets you choose anything you want as your new hand. You can’t get a New Real Hand though, What do you choose?
What's the most overpriced item you've ever bought/wanted to buy?
Film buffs of Reddit, what's the one classic movie you're ashamed to admit you've never seen?
How much of the incredibly deadly and lethal hydroxic acid should you consume a day? How much do you?
What are your last words at death row?
Who’s someone that the majority of people probably like, but you can’t stand?
Hi Redditors. What is the most disturbing thing you've seen at school?
What convinced you it was a good idea to go through with it and how do you feel now?
What is something that you think everyone should know?
What day is it where you are right now?
What is the best way to give up smoking?
What do you think will be the next big thing to take the world by storm?
How does a tree lose its leaves during fall? From top to bottom? From inside out? All over equally?
[Serious] How do you stop hating yourself?
what is really happening when we imagine?
What's something from a TV show, movie or video game that you wish existed in real life?
What is a movie you cannot imagine being played by a different lead actor or actress?
If you could go back in time and relive any moment which one would you pick?
What’s your favorite drink Gatorade flavors?
If all subs merged into one, how bad would the community be?
What are some historic events that involved poop?
What is your very first movie or TV show that you watched as a child?
What’s the most terrifying experience of your lifetime?
What's a time you caused a butterfly effect that caused massive chaos?
(Serious) For Redditors that had any experience a moment where you are about to die, what did you see? Did you get any hallucination?
If you were eating at a restaurant and Gordon Ramsay walked in with a camera crew, what would you do?
What memories do you have that you aren't sure are real?
What's the most disturbing thing you discovered about an Ex?
What stereotype do you have (or used to have) for people of other/foreign countries?
What was your school's best prank executed by a student on a teacher/principal/student?
What is it with danish people?
We know what hits different at 3:AM, but what hits different at 3:PM?
What is your attitude to smoking?
How could a country put in power a ruling class that is not wealthy?
What screams "I am 45 years old" on reddit?
What show has a great Halloween themed episode?
If someone tried to kill you in your house right now. What items do you have right now to defend yourself with?
What Gender do You Think Enjoys Great Sex the Most? What Gender do You Identify As?
Surgeons of Reddit, what’s the most scaring experience on the job?
What's the biggest scandal in your country so far this year, that your government is trying to cover up?
What's an easy, SMALL change someone who wants to eat healthier, can make in the kitchen?
Compulsive gamblers of Reddit, how did gambling affect your life?
what's the biggest upside/downside of your pet?
What is healthy about not eating after 6 p.m?
What simply "hits different"?
What was a fictional character that you hated that wasn't designed to be hated?
What is everyone dressing up as for Halloween?
What is something you want to proudly flex about yourself (whether it's physical or something exceptional you do)?
How curious is Bi-curious?
How often have you been fired?
What screams 'British person describing America'?
What was your first love?
whats the best long life battery compact laptop under 400$ for typing?
What is toe jam football ?
What would you change about reddit?
What book in English Class made you deeply uncomfortable to read?
What is your opinion of guys with black nails? Are they too feminine?
What is the most unique case of planned obsolescence you have experienced?
What is the most disturbing picture on the internet?
You have one wish from an almighty being, what's the wish?
What are your plans for next year 2022?
people of Reddit, what is your strangest thought you've ever had?
How crazy is your father?
Introverts, what lengths have you gone to avoid talking to someone/people?
What do you hope to have achieved by the time you're sixty?
Which fictional object created by Magic would you combine with a Fictional object created by Science to benefit either humanity or just yourself (or people close to you)?
What are some YouTube videos that have become an important part of internet culture?
What do you think is the greatest Christmas gift you have ever received from someone?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be and how would you use it?
What are you supposed to do when Happy Birthday is sung to you?
What do you think about the people of the reddit world ?
What is the main purpose of food ?
what is the best way to keep your eyes healthy ?
What is the best 007 opening song?
[Serious] What's the darkest secret that you can't tell your family?
How does it feel when a fucking dog barks in the middle of the night?
What’s the greatest advice that you’ve received in your life?
What is an instant green flag in a person?
Given a hypothetical situation, where you could travel time with no paradox issues, what would you tell your past self?
What are some nice mobile (android) games that you may suggest? Don't suggest mainstream games like BGMI or CODM?
What show couldn't write a good story around a cool idea?
What was the best advice you've ever received?
People who only had a father figure (like a stepfather) during their teens. What is it like?
What has been the most awkward situation for you that you can't forget ?
Have you ever been mean to someone for no reason? What did you do?
What's the name of the youtuber that has a green logo guy talks satire and plays cs in the background?
What are some book recommendations?
What's a non sexual, legal way to make $22?
College dropouts of Reddit what made you drop out?
What's a situation where violence actually solved the problem?
Ambiverts of Reddit, what is a good way to handle your social switch flipping?
How much dose does a patient receive when they undergo radiation treatment for cancer?
What’s your best story of your manager telling a rude Karen the same thing you told them?
How did you bounced back after running out of money or experienced homelessness?
When were you the toxic one?
what is the reason behind concert venues implementing clear and 30x30 bag policies?
People who work in porn industry , how much are you getting payed ?
If you were to go down on Whoopy Goldberg would you find grey dreds?
What would be your best day ever?
What is the most wild thing you’ve heard about Australia?
[Serious] When did you realize you were being taken advantage of?
What was the worst video game purchase you have ever made?
People who plumb hot water to their toilets, why do you do that?
What are your opinion on guys with feminine nature? Do women appreciate such guys?
Small business owners/employees. What is your crazy COVID customer experience?
[Serious] What are types of people you have no respect for?
What time is it?
Guys of Reddit. What are everyday things that woman do that turn you off?
What’s your favorite midnight snack?
What is the favorite mannerism of your partner when having sex?
Parents of Reddit, Do you let you Kids watch Spongebob? Why or Why not?
What was a time a small lie got out of control?
What are the reasons that people think society is collapsing, what is worse than previous generations?
How do you move forward with life after losing a loved one from suicide?
What oddly specific thing bothers you?
What would the world be like if only people could create texts?
What are things that have happened in your life that aged like milk?
What’s the best WiFi name you’ve ever seen?
What are your relationship pet peeves?
What weird psychological tricks have you tried on yourself that actually work?
What's the best way you ever cheated on a test?
What is something that people try to brand as mysterious or a conspiracy but has a rather simple explanation?
What sexist thing are you tired of hearing?
Gamers of reddit what is the most underrated videogame you have ever played?
Which professional sports expansion team do you think had absolutely no good reason to be added to their league in the first place?
When do you know its love?
If you could be a "fly on the wall" in any situation, where would you choose to land?
What is something from when you were younger that you despise?
What do you do to cope with Bupropion's upset stomach?
People who reply to week(s)+ old YouTube or other comments, why?
What is the best way to learn graphic design as a beginner?
What was the last situation when you almost shit your pants (literally or figuratively)?
What are your educational goals?
How do like a womans pubic hair groomed?
What is not deemed as talent but should be?
What are some modern additions to the list of universal lies (such as "the check is in the mail", "I'll respect you in the morning", or "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help you")?
What food combination sounded gross at first, but wasn't that bad when you tried it?
What made you grow apart from your closest friends?
What are the funniest and most creative job titles or job descriptions in employment contracts, resumes, or dating sites that candidates use to try to put themselves in a better light?
What the hell is your problem?
If scientists got permission to genetically modify our own species, what features would human 2.0 have?
Redditors going back to the office, how has the culture changed in your day to day life with your peers and management post-WFH?
For those of you who have played it, what do you think of Yakuza 0?
What is the weirdest sexual experience you have ever had?
What is the Mississippi/Alabama of your home country?
What to do after high school if you have no plans/talent/and money ??
What was the first car you totaled? And how did you total it?
What's the dumbest rule at your school or place of work?
Who is a fictional character that would definitely survive the Squid Game and why?
What is something that you used to say ironically but not anymore?
What's the weirdest rule at your school or place of work?
What are you addicted to?
What is the most unimportant to the plot seggs scene you have ever seen in a movie or T.V show?
What's your guilty pleasure?
You become the president, what will you do?
Humans of Reddit, how do you focus?
Twins of Reddit, what’s your experience like being a twin?
What is your go-to easy to make dinner?
What is a way you think the system is cheating us?
What historical figure or document is ripe for a "sexy" Halloween costume?
What feels wrong but is actually the right thing to do?
What movie changed your perspective on life?
What was the best gift you ever received?
Pyschonauts of Reddit, what was your worst LSD or mushroom trip like?
What is the most disturning scientific theory that many people do not know about?
Roleplayers of Reddit, which type of players you hate the most?
What is the most disturbing news you read recently?
What kind of milk do you drink?
You go home and all of your possessions and people you live with are gone and only a Canada Goose is there that tells you you must prove yourself worthy, how do you do that?
Hockey lovers of Reddit, how do ya feel about the Toronto Maple Leafs having ‘Tik Tok’ on their helmets?
Each person is granted 1 wish but that wish would also affect everybody else. How would that go? And what would you wish for?
What's your order of washing when taking a shower?
Which popular celebrity will be irrelevant soon?
What recipe do you often make?
how did a small thing escalate matters so quickly ?
You're turned into the muppet (of your real-life human personality) for a day. Which muppet would you be?
We all know a good movie/ tv show or video game franchise with a terrible sequel(s) but what franchise has a bad first instalment but good sequels?
how did you defeat your fear?
What made you lose your religion?
What video game have you put the most time in?
What's the smartest thing your pet has ever done?
If you could delete one year of your life so that no one will remember it, what year and why?
Who’s one person you want to meet again?
What if TV commercials had the effort and quality of modern ads on the internet?
what was sometime when you were good at something and as the time progress you lose?
what is a typical day for you?
What are the subreddits that you've been enjoying lately?
What is the first thing you do when you turn 18?
What is the worst question you've seen on this sub?
Which popular TV show you tried and decided you don't like?
Introverts of Reddit, How did you get your first girlfriend/boyfriend?
Therapist of Reddit what’s the most eye opening session you had with a client?
Who in your opinion is the most underrated Youtuber?
Divorced redditors, what advice do you have for someone starting over?
What question you've never found an answer up until now?
All the creatures from a fictional world suddenly become real. Which fictional world means you're most screwed?
What's your favorite hockey team?
Reddit, what is your opinion of virtual YouTubers?
What is the coolest fact you know?
What are some of the easiest jobs that can generate a lot of income?
What do foreign exchange students in the US usually do everyday (classes, activities, etc.)?
What is a situation that makes you unbelievably stressed?
What was the best case of instant karma you have ever seen?
What's that one movie that you can watch forever?
What is your least favorite album by your favorite band?
what is your favourite video game of all time?
what are some best editing and reading software ?
What is something you miss?
What annoys you most about your co-workers?
What do you know about NFTs?
eBay surpasses Amazon as the largest online retailer. What would make this turnaround happen?
What if a nether portal appeared in real life and it took you to the nether?
What is the strangest compliment you have ever received?
you can play bowling with anyone dead or alive, who do you pick ?
What kinds of gifts do you like to get?
Your novel was just named as the worst written book in history, what was the first line?
What's a Song more know for a Remix Version of it rather than the Original Version?
What is the worst reason for a divorce that you’ve heard?
What was your last gift?
Why are you someone people think “did something”?
Humans of reddit, what interesting things are happening in your country at the moment?
What was the worse way you got scammed knowing it was a scam beforehand?
People of Reddit, Where are some sundown towns that are still active/ creepy small towns and what stories do you have about them?
Disabled people of reddit, what's something able-bodied people wouldn't know is a struggle for you?
What is something you wanted the other gender to know about your gender?
What videogame would you show someone who thinks that they are only for kids?
Anyone that has bought a samsung galaxy s10 phone. Is it worth buying? why?
Former porn addicts, how long were you addicted porn and how did you overcome your addiction?
Whats something incredibly hated, although it is actually good?
When is someone called smart?
As a parent or as a child, what experience did you have with parental alienation (becoming estranged from one parent because of manipulation from the other parent)?
what’s something you desperately wish to forget?
What would you do if you had all six infinity stones?
what are the most dangerous thing about your job?
What's the most scariest true story you know?
Should Dave Chappelle be cancelled for his LGBTQ comments on Netflix The Closer, why or why not?
When traveling with someone, what has someone done to make you not want to travel with them again?
Who is the most annoying video game character you know?
What are some of the hardest shoes to fill right now in the entertainment industry?
How would people with past trauma do well with haunted houses?
What trial would you redo if you were a lawyer?
What's the most NSFW thing you have seen with your parents?
If you have an option to choose the superpower of any Marvel Hero then you choose which one?
What was the happiest time in your entire life?
What was a BS reason you got written up/fired from work for?
What happens after death?
People of Reddit, Good Morning. What is the best thing to wake up too?
What do we say to the god of death?
What's changed your life forever... for the worse?
Which subreddit surprised/shocked you the most ?
What is the best Halloween themed movie or TV show special?
What Reddit sub has no business existing?
When was a time you just knew some shit was about to happen that ended up happening?
What’s your earliest memory?
Have you ever lied on a resume/CV to get a better job than you’re qualified for? If so, what was the outcome?
What is your guilty pleasure food ?
What is the worst thing you've seen on the internet?
You are transported to the world of the last game you played. How bad is your luck?
What’s the name of the person who you last got illegal drugs from?
What's your biggest flex?
How does eurojackpot work ?
Why do you think people lie?
What mythological creature do you think most likely actually exist?
What was the last board game u played and when?
Hey Reddit, what was it made you realise that something inside you had died?
What would you NOT wish on your worst enemy?
People who didn’t go to college because they felt it wasn’t for them, how’s life going?
what are some good work Christmas party ideas ?
What is the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
What is the worst thing you've seen on YouTube?
What is something that has no business being as expensive as it is?
what tricks have you used in the past year to get your hands on a new graphics card and/or gaming console?
What is missing in your life that would make you very happy?
People who have been in a commercial, what was it for and what was it like being in one?
What's something you do, that you really shouldn't do?
What is your favorite way to treat your pet like it's people?
What’s a weird problem you have?
What is the most complicated problem that you’ve managed to solve?
What conspiracy theories do you believe?
What’s that idea you wish someone more skilled would invent?
What is so repulsive its intriguing?
Burglars, how is the home office life going for you?
What is the political divide like in your country (not the US)?
What is a guilty pleasure you believe most people have?
What was the most interesting thing you've seen in a forest?
What affects your levels of happiness?
Online daters of Reddit, what it’s like to finally meet someone after dating online for months?
What is your favorite modern (1990-) movie that takes place in the 1950s?
What kind of person are you... a cat person or a dog person?
What was the best moment of your life?
What's a very fond memory of yours?
Priests on Reddit, what's the most sins that was being confessed to you?
If you could make $1M USD per year selling pictures of your asshole online but you have to draw a little body for it on your surrounding butt crack skin and provide an interesting and often wholesome storyline for it, would you do it and what kinds of stories would your butthole be involved in?
What is there to be happy about in the world today?
How much do you love someone?
Where do you want to travel to & why?
What song do you want to be played at your funeral no matter what?
What is the most expensive hotel you have stayed in? And how much per night?
What is the most embarrassing thing you said in front of your parents without thinking before it?
What’s the craziest thing a complete stranger has said to you?
What’s the main character trait that’s helped you achieve some pretty significant goals in life?
Best shows or movies on Australian Netflix right now?
if your reddit username was a store what would it be?
What is the most exotic food (animal or vegetable) you've eaten and how was it?
What's the most miserable you've been?
People who lost their relatives (not dead just lost),what's the story?
What playlist do you listen to while studying to help you focus?
At what point did you realized that you are not being yourself anymore?
Who is your favorite comedian (dead or alive) that not many people know about?
Girls or Boys of reddit, What's something the other genders do that is a huge turn off?
What's an opinion you have about a TV show that will upset fellow redditors?
People who got into a car accident using cellphone, what's your story?
Non-parents what name would you name your future child and why?
What are some things in anime that just don't make any sense?
What little failure brings the most frustration/sadness/anger?
What would be 10 times scarier if it were hard?
What games do you play with fellow employees to make your work day more enjoyable?
What did you do that benefits you but ruins other people's lives?
What would be considered extremely creepy in the day and completely normal at night?
What is the easiest way to cause trouble at any place?
What’s the most inconvenient situation you’ve been in when you needed a toilet ASAP?
Demisexuals on Reddit, how do you guys deal with dating?
People, how do you deal with fear for the health of loved ones?
How do teachers handle sudden urges to poop immediately during class?
What's some good comedy subreddit?
Who are the 5 best rappers of all time?
What was your worst plane flight?
All Gifts in the world are replaced with Things. What type of Gift you are getting?
The object next to you will help you get through the Zombie Apocalypse. Whats your Weapon?
What are you going to be for this Halloween?
What’s a squid game-esque you’d definitely lose at?
What is something you never knew or believed you could do back then, but did it anyway afterwards?
What is a “better safe than sorry” that has actually benefitted you?
How often does a nosebleed indicate a serious medical condition? (excluding environmental factors). is this just a TV trope?
What can you do when the general store refuses to sell you a general?
What would you tell your 2015 self?
The world does not know anything about video editing, except you, who is an expert in it. What would you edit to fool everyone?
Teachers, who was the worst student in your class to handle?
What is your favourite country?
if your were randomly put into cryosleep and then awaken on another planet 12 billion years later, what would be your first reaction?
What is happiness to you?
it's spooktober! With Halloween coming soon, what are people dressing up as?
What’s your go to song for when you want to feel like a badass?
What's a pet peeve of yours?
What happened at 3AM that scared the shit out of you?
What are your pets doing right now?
What makes a good leader?
A cat the size of your username teleports 5 feet to the left of you. What would be the worst thing to say in such situation?
If you could have one best friend from a cartoon, who would you choose?
What funny story will you never stop retelling?
What is your Song?
what is your opinion about a friendship between men and women? can they truly be friends or one of them will always want something more, even maybe without awareness ?
What are the most extravagant desserts that are dirt cheap?
You find out this is actually the Matrix, what would you have reprogrammed?
There are many different units used to measure length, weight, volume etc in different countries and regions of the world. Yet, everyone uses 24 hours a day, 60 minutes to the hour, 60 seconds to the minute. Why is that?
What's your favorite conspiracy theory?
Which is the best historical hero?
What film would have worked so much better as a TV show?
[Serious] People who grew up in a christian fundamentalist household, what was it like?
Dumpster divers: what is your most memorable find?
What's the dumbest spoofed caller ID you've ever seen from a telemarketing scam call?
what broke/ hurt you the most?
People who don't eat specific foods, why?
What is the reason that "Despacito" is the most viewed video on YouTube?
(Serious) What do you do to pull yourself out of depression?
If you could have any life you want,what would you choose ?
If you could only eat pizza for the rest of your life, would you try pineapple at some point? And why not?
What is the weirdest creature on Earth?
What do you think about the movie star Aquaman ?
What subreddit are you subscribed to that would make you the most embarrassed if your friends and family found out?
What is the weirdest thing someone has ever told you?
Which fictional character is very underrated?
How much wine do you need to get wasted?
What large-scale societal effects do you think the unlimited access to all varieties of porn has had on younger generations that have grown up with it?
What have you been bitten by?
Do sporting events, from children on up, really need to begin with the national anthem? Why or why not?
What food looks disgusting but tastes amazing?
what community on reddit to ask for help about phone hardware?
On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate yourself in bed?
Someone much bigger and much stronger and much better at fighting than you slaps your girlfriend’s/fiancé’s/wife’s ass or something similar right in front of you. What do you actually do in that situation? And for the ass-slapped, what would you expect from your partner in that situation? [serious]
What is a dumb thing your elders used to do until you corrected them?
Which movies of the last decade will stand the test of time and become critically acclaimed classics in the later 2000th century?
What is the truth that most of us deny?
If the emperor of earth awarded each time zone to one of his subjects as fiefs and gave you first pick, which slice of the earth would choose to rule and why?
What is that perfect moment when you communicate without speaking ?
What is normal to do in the morning and creepy to do at night?
People who snapped at their parents, why and how did they handle it?
People of Reddit, when have you experienced sexism?
What are the strangest and most unusual dreams you have ever experienced?
In your opinion, what is the worst book to movie/TV show adaptation?
Just how big of a problem do you think the looming Hollywood production crew's strike will be?
7.9 Billion people on the planet. What's the one thing you think is unique only to you?
Mentally ill people of Reddit, how does stigma affect your everyday?
People who have cheated or been cheated on in a relationship. What are some things you or your partner did to try not get caught?
you got 3 wishes mf, how you Gonna use em?
If Squid Game was based on a game from your country, what would it be named?
What is something you regret never doing?
What song lyric/s best describe your life right now?
Aliens are coming to Earth and you can pick a movie to give them, what movie would it be?
Bullies,what you did when your victim made school shootings in your school?
What is one of your unforgettable memories related to the 9/11 terrorist attacks?
What is the best driving song?
What made you ask to see the manager?
What would happen if one day social media and news platforms gets deleted?
What are you proud of, but never have an excuse to talk about?
What screams middle aged creep on reddit?
What is your opinion on grieving someone’s death? Do you think it’s selfish?
You're walking behind someone that thinks you're going todo something horrible to them but you're just walking in the same direction, whats the best way to get out of that situation?
What are the top 3 best scary movies to watch this Halloween season?
Whats your favourite moment?
In England we talk about past eras like "in Tudor times" or "the Victorian era". What are some well known eras from where you are?
What are the best and worst candies to receive while Trick or Treating?
Hey Redditors, have ever got matched with your Professor on a dating app. How did it go?
What was your most famous/successful post on AskReddit?
What’s your favorite podcast?
What really causes a person's ears to ring?
What is the most cathartic way to quit a terrible job?
For those of you who have/had a consistent favourite song for years instead of changing it every few days when you hear something new, what is it?
If aliens happen to land on our planet and you're the first to meet them what would you ask them and why?
Which is your favorite city?
What's your favourite James Bond theme song?
Money making offers in dark web what do you thinks it really works?
What’s a product that isn’t used because it works too well?
What is something that you tolerated in past relationships that you never would now?
What are you gonna be for Halloween?
What was/is your weird habit when opening doors?
if you were invisible for 24hours What you finna do?
Donald Trump has not watched any movie released after 1970. You are asked to recommend one. Which one do you pick?
What would be different/the same about the world today if Covid-19 had never happened?
One works for a large corporation in the U.S. This person's boss has a "don't ask, don't tell" policy about them working overtime. So, quietly work less one day, if you worked OT another day w/o mentioning it. Should this person tell her boss they worked overtime (til 1 a.m.) and why or why not?
What was the hardest decision you had to make as a kid?
What has been the worst thing you have done to yourself by far?
What do you do when Reddit says that you're doing too much?
What does it mean to be shot at several times in a dream but never hit?
What scared the shit out of you as a kid?
How do you put the memories that haunt you to rest?
What country are you from?
What is the best way to train a dog ?
What are the best movies of the 80's for drama, action, comedy, romance and fantasy/scifi?
What is the kindest comment you've ever received from a redditor? And what did it say?
You wake up with magic powers. What do you do?
How long to wait for bus if you have to obey the call of nature?
What is something you won't admit you were dead wrong about, but you'll admit here?
What is something you treasure and value above all else? Why?
why did you do it?
You been asked to buy your boss a present. What you getting him?
What is something that you own, that not many people have?
What cover songs are better than the original?
What secret knowledge you have could absolutely destroy someone's life if yo chose to reveal it?
Fast food workers of reddit what is something you will never eat from your menu because of the way its prepared?
Weird question, but what is your favourite eye colour? And why?
What's a non-English comedy movie about sex, that's actually funny and a classic?
What is something you will never do again?
What gives you goosebumps no matter how many times you experience it?
which main character's death in any show or movie didn't bother you?
Parents, when did you know you were done having kids?
What made you realize you were old when talking to a younger generation?
When was one thing you did as a joke the best decision of your life?
the world ends in one week, how would you spend your time?
If we got a Nick All-Stars Brawl like game, but it wasn't exclusively Nickelodeon and we got characters from other other networks like Disney Channel/XD and Cartoon Network, who would you want in the roster?
Preppers of Reddit: Did covid trigger your escape to your hide away? Have you returned? How was your experience?
What do you think sex was like back in medieval times? What about cave man times?
You can get the power of one being in any show or movie, what do you choose?
If you got $1000 a day for not using anything that connects to the internet. How many days could you go without using the internet?
People that work at places and have “regulars,” what do they order?
What do you love to hate?
If you could go to any period in history where would you go and why?
What's the most thoughtful gift you've been given, and why?
What is a tougher profession than it sounds?
What do overthinkers want everyone to know?
What to do if you feel jealous of how close your other two friends are?
Where to sleep while drunk with friends outside (staying warm and safe and stuff)?
What song sets you into beast mode even when you feel down?
What is the deepest, darkest secret that you know? [serious]
What's the most important thing in your life that has a value of no more than one dollar?
What’s the most cost effective tool/way to blade shave?
Women of Reddit, what are your "mansplaining" stories?
What do people use often, but don't change for a new one often?
What's an unrealistic trope in fiction?
What did you bought online that turned out to be trash when you received it?
What's the most life-changing advice you've ever received?
People who prefer orange juice with the bits, why do you prefer it?
Has anyone been prescribed with Luvox and Xanax before? Was prescribed both meds and read that Luvox increases the effects of Xanax. What are the side effects that you have experienced?
person who was bad in school and got very strong in school, how did you do?
Which game do you find the most hypocritical Gamers and why?
What's your favourite artist (any kind) and why?
How do you cope with fears of thinking you’re not good enough and not let it intimidate you when trying a new job?
be blunt, what do you hate about society/people in 2021?
If you lost your physical body to a tragic accident but was able to come back in a cyborg body with your memories download to it what upgrades would you want it to have?
In the spirit of the Netflix show Slashers, would you watch a reality TV show where instead of getting voted out the losers were butchered? In the hopes of winning massive prize money obviously?
Fire fighters of Reddit, what’s an experience from your job that you’ll never forget?
Whats your worst/best moments in quarantine?
what is it about your childhood that you miss the most?
What are some subtle red flags of a date / partner?
Who do you hope is having a bad day?
What was the pivotal moment in your life, when you knew what you identified as?
What's your 'go-to' film when you have a sick day?
(Serious) What makes depression so hard to overcome/deal with?
What movie is severely overrated?
At your funeral, what would you like your best friend to say about you?
If you could bring any piece of tech back to the 1800's, what would it be?
What do you Really think about during Sex?
What will we(humans) do when robots do everything?
What do you think of the Oak Island Mystery?
If your life was a movie, what song would play during the closing credits?
what keeps getting ridiculous every year?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Why focus on the 1 negative comment out of 99 positive?
Men of reddit, when using a urinal at a bar/pub, do you pee balls in or out?
What is the worst-tasting style of cooked eggs?
Reddit users with porn wallpapers on their phones and pcs, why?
What's your position on Halloween, and what do you like/dislike about it?
how do play parks make money?
What crazy religious sex thing were you taught that messed you up for a while?
What advice/recommendations/tips/warnings would you give to a big and tall man that needs to dress business casual for the first time in his life?
Regardless of the quality of the films, who is the best James Bond and why?
[Serious] What are your "go-to", err, mature subreddits?
If you could choose 1 book to bring with you to a desert island, what would it be?
What insult was so bad you couldn't stop laughing?
People who needed to sign an NDA that is now expired, what are you allowed to talk about?
What's some of the craziest drink name you know?
What's a band or an artist that isn't trendy at all right now but still slaps?
How can there be such "high" prevalence of a disorder yet so few documented cases, if there are billions of people on the planet?
Doctors and nurses, what was a time when your skills actually came to use?
What are some underrated websites that you use?
you have incurable disease and one more year to live. how will you spend your 365 remaining days?
There's a qoute that goes along the lines of " actions speak louder than words " have you experienced any situation where it was the complete opposite?
What is the best food/edible stuff you can use to make your breath smell clean?
China eradicated Covid-19 from their country within months,they didn't even let it spread to second state,then why is not WHO and other countries asking China how did they do it ?
What is something you should do every year?
What made you get Reddit?
What was the most expensive thing that you ever have ordered using your smartphone?
Taking into account general safety, cost of living and employment opportunities, how would you rate the area where you live?
What’s the most illogical sentence you can think of?
What are some tips on saving on a small income?
Businessmen of Reddit whats one good thing you would recommend to someone starting out?
What is the best television show from your country?
What's the simplest example of the 4th dimension?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the most awkward thing you’ve learnt about a parent from the things the kids say?
What is the male equivalent of a girl biting her lip?
What is the furthest you will go for €10,000,000?
Sick and bored AF. What are your favorite YouTube channels/videos?
What is a word or phrase from a language other than your native tongue, that you use regularly?
Redditors, what is the most "yep thats my kid" thing to ever happen to you?
Climbing Mount Everest remains one of the greatest human challenges. What are your thoughts about wanting to climb - or not climb - the world's highest peak?
What are some stories from history that seem too surreal to be true?
What is the crossover of your dreams?
What movie dialogue do you frequently use in your daily life?
What do you think of Squid game?
What is the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
what's the most horrifying thing you've learnt?
What halloween/fancy dress costumes tops any other?
What are woman better at then man, and the other way around?
[Serious] If you have no experience, why should an employer pay more than starting wage?
What if Half-Life 3 never comes out?
For those of you who grew up when Youtube just began, what was the first video you decided to watch?
What is the science behind the reason why we can’t see John Cena?
Your task is to fuck a job interview in the first 30 seconds. What so you do?
What movie would have been better expanded as a tv show? And what tv show would have been better shortened to a movie?
You wake up immortal in 1421 AD. How would you spend the next 600 years?
What's the best sports documentary (audio or video) of 2021?
Why so much coverage on gabby but not on other murder women?
What was your worst experience when falling in love?
When will the Game of Thrones book series be completed?
What movie quote can also be used in sex?
Where do you see yourself a decade from now?
What strange experience made you believe in the paranormal?
imagine your best friend gave you a present on a random day what would it be?
What is the most serious thing you have forgiven a romantic partner for and how did it turn out?
What’s the oddest thing for sale on the internet for around $200?
Who is the most attractive fictional character ?
What you found really attractive in other people?
For those who have been arrested, how were you restrained ?
What if 99% of the Taliban fighters got teleported to Australia and attempted to take over? How would the Taliban fighters back in Afghanistan fare in their last stand against the angry Afghan populace? How many Australians and Afghans would die?
What would be the children games played in your country's version of Squid Games?
Why do you think George Lucas changes Star Wars Canon constantly?
Which one of you redditors knows where Brian Laundrie is?
What do you think will happen in the near future?
W is being renamed. What do you call it?
People of reddit who got back together with an ex, what's your story?
whats the brief history of ohio?
What would you do if you found out that your parents adopted you?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a kid?
What is your favorite thing to do at exactly 2am?
Have you ever broke something expensive or import, if so how’d you feel afterward?
When is a time that you are proud of for standing up for yourself?
How and when do you feel loved?
What would you change about yourself if you could?
What's the nicest thing someone ever did for you ?
What screams "stop touching me" on Reddit?
What feels better when done in secret?
whats a tv show or game you forced yourself through just to see the ending?
What is your favorite horror movie?
People with Karens for parents, what was the most ridiculous thing they complained for?
What are the pros and cons of waiting to purchase a home until after the housing market calms down?
What is one moment when you were like “how hasn’t natural selection got this guy yet?”
What goes up but can’t come down?
What was the worst rejection you've experienced from a love interest?
How can a person have fun alone?
What’s the worst thing you have been blamed for that you didn’t do?
What makes you go - "I'm too old for this!"?
Native English speakers, what was a time you had a language misunderstanding in another English speaking country?
You just inherited $1 Million. You have 3 years to turn it into $5 Million. What would you do?
How do deal with the frustration, when you're following covid guidelines, when others around you aren't?
What was the luckiest moment in your life?
What of accent makes you weak in the knees?
How did you discover masturbation and at what age ?
[Serious] Redditors who have shot and killed people outside of the military or police force, why did you do it?
How much more money would you have to have than your partner before you consider getting a pre-nup?
What happened with Dave Chappelle and what is the commotion about his person?
How does one improve their sense of humor or become funny in general?
What's something that you wish didn't exist?
What are your thoughts on Dinosaur Jr.?
What looks terrible on paper but actually works in practice?
What is the one thing that can absolutely go to hell?
What's the most incriminating thing you've ever flushed down the toilet?
How do you have acquire the will power and drive to become the best? Should it come natural or does it take time build up?
If you could have lunch with anyone in the world, who would it be?
What is your job and how much does it pay?
If you could go back in time and show steve jobs in 2007 an iPhone 13 would technology advance faster than it did?
What's the best serial killer movie you've seen?
What makes you irrationally angry?
what was the most dangerous movie to film?
What would you choose for your last meal ever?
What is something you know, without knowing how you know it, that you want to forget about?
What is a question that nobody has an answer to?
What is something about humanity as a whole that annoys you?
when a company is considered "evil", how does that typically work in practice? should the Ceo be ruthless and unethical? is the board of directors greedy for money?
What are some example of harder said then done?
Crypto miners who bought more than one GPU, how do you feel about the gamers' and environmentalists' uproar?
What would you pick if a genie gave you just one wish?
Who (or what) was your imaginary friend as a child?
What are you avoiding today?
How inexpensive would going to space have to become for you to consider going?
What happened with your partner that made you think, "I'm going to marry this person"?
What are some skills a person can learn in under an hour?
How would you travel if you had no money?
What do you think happens when we die?
What can someone learn in 5 minutes or less?
To those who have watched Squid Games, what was your first reaction to game one?
what was your worst experience in cinema hall?
Redditors, what are the perks of being a woman, and what are the perks of being a man?
What is the weirdest, most inappropriate way could someone ever mispronounce your name?
What's your fitness and diet routine ? Do you follow a plan ? Take supplements ?
If life really is just a game, what do you think some of the achievements are?
What is the biggest problem your facing right now in life?
How is it redditors aren't up voting people who take the time to answer their questions?
if you could go back in time and change one thing what would it be?
Which animals have bad reputation but are actually very useful and important?
What are some quotes that helped you through a tough time?
What is something everyone knew about you, but you've just learnt recently?
What's the smoothest pick up line you've heard or said?
What’s the best meal you ever had?
Workers of Reddit, why haven't you unionized your workplace yet?
What’s something that seems insignificant, but has actually made a huge impact on your life?
What's your favourite book cover?
How do you keep going when you’re all alone ?
What was the exact moment you realised, you need to drop this class?
[Serious] What’s one thing someone could do that would make you hit the breaks on the friendship?
What historic 20th century event would have been a good subject for a Roman style sculpture?
Who doesn't put the milk first and then the cereals?
What are green flags for you? Things about a person that would make you instantly like them?
What is your job’s version of “Sir, this is a Wendy’s”?
What is one thing that drives you absolutely bat shit crazy about your otherwise OK neighbor(s) that you do not say anything about in order to keep the peace?
How often do you talk to yourself?
What cost cutting measures has your employer implemented which will effect the economy or G.D.P. of your country?
What's your useless skill that you excels at?
What obscure law did you not know about until you broke it?
What’s the best way to spend your off day?
[Serious] Do you think that proof of the existence of some sort of afterlife where ghosts and other spirits come from would prove that there is a God that designed it all? Why, why not?
What's the worst thing you've heard an older relative say?
If someone unknowingly becomes addicted to a particular drug, let's say it is mixed into their drink regularly, how would the person compensate for that if that would suddenly stop?
If you were president, What would be your first law?
When do you know you love someone?
What are your thoughts on the social credit score concept?
What are your thoughts on digital piracy?
Egg_irl subscribers, what’s the best way of grooming underage, sexually confused minors into a discord - any tips and tricks?
There are two types of people in the world, who are they?
Redditors who sometimes eat alone in restaurants, have you ever made an unpleasant experience because you were alone?
Which books do you recommend anyone to learn new universal skills that could help open up job opportunities or improve their own lives?
(SFW only) what was the moment that made you realize your childhood had now passed you?
How do you eat popcorn? One piece at a time or by the fist full?
What makes a new meme special?
What’s a complicated way to describe something ordinary?
what's something that scared you when you were little?
whats the best/funnt/wired chrome extensions to use on your friends pc?
Which famous or Celebrity do you think is absalute garbage?
Why do you support China’s social credit system?
Do y'all still go trick treating or when did you stop going trick or treating?
What's the wrongest thing you can do with a 10 cm length of pure silk ribbon?
If parasites in the human body are a common thing, why isnt it talked about more?
What is the most unique experience or activity to do in your country for a tourist?
What needs no explanation?
What are some things you should always hire a professional to do for you?
What subreddit you secretly visit every night?
How did you get homeless?
What is your favourite 'classic' movie and why?
What saying / quote is completely misinterpreted?
What's your favorite gaming platform and why?
If you could go back in time to apologize to just one person, who would it be?
Roughly when will the world get its first head of state who campaigned almost entirely only on social media?
Gandalf vs Dumbledore who would win?
Which actor/actress haven’t we seen enough of?
People who have won radio competitions - how many times did you enter?
What is the best way to report an illegal immigrant?
What's Your Most Favorite Rap song?
People who let the water run while brushing your teeth, why?
What’s your dream tattoo?
know nuclear fusion is what makes start light up, but what is causing the protons to collide so quickly?
What's a problematic thing that you wish more people would talk about?
Have you ever experienced serious betrayal? What happened?
What did you do in school/work that got you in trouble, but it couldn't be helped/was most likely to get repeated?
What is a place that you dreamed of visiting, and when you finally did, it was an utter disappointment for you? Why?
What's your comfort TV show?
What's a nice song to listen to while walking very slowly?
Some people say alcohol is the truth serum. What about when you're sleep-deprived?
Redditors that got drunk or did drugs every weekend throughout their 20's, how is life & how do you feel now?
without telling your country, what will be your worst review that the public should be warned?
IT workers, technicians, pc repair shop owners, what is something you found on a pc that made you go WTF?
What made you lose or gain faith in humanity?
Guys of Reddit, what's something that made you think women might that have life easier?
Reddit, what's something you've been wanting to tell boss but haven't had the courage to follow through with it?
What is the funniest thing you've ever done?
What is the most underrated country in terms of war according to history?
"I wanna impregnate you." Is it a line that people use to get you into bed? What if you've already had sex with them?
What's the creepiest true halloween story you've heard ?
What views do women/girls/ladies(even males are allowed to speak, lol) of Reddit have upon women being objectified(some parts being highly emphasized) in anime/mangas? Is it too normal at this point?
how would you roast qoura users?
What do you guys do when you feel down?
twitch leak did say what ppl did earn, what do you want next leak to be?
Out of all the weekly repeated questions, which one is your favourite?
What was your most weird dream?
What's the present you have that surprised you most?
People Of Reddit who belong to the LGBTQ+ Community, what are some of the most frustrating misconceptions straight people have about you?
How do you stop constantly checking to see if your posts are going up or down?
When some asks you to tell them a joke that'll cheer them up, what's your go-to joke?
What are some things that are extremely dangerous that some/most people do/have but aren't really fully aware how dangerous they are?
What's the most horrible thing to read in Wikipedia?
Nurses of reddit, what would you like everyone to know about your profession?
You can summon any famous person alive or dead by chanting their name three times in the mirror: who are you choosing?
What is the new normal, that you find oddly wierd?
Homeless redditors how do you have access to internet?
What are the most similar opinions you witnessed a heated debate over?
What is your "When keeping it real GOES WRONG" story?
What’s a food that no matter what, always sends you straight to the toilet afterwards?
Reddit, why do you need explanation?
When was the last time you did something that made you happy?
full question in comments how long would 160 million last?
What's the story when you felt like giving up but pushed yourself and achieved what you wanted ?
What's the most memorable thing that happened during your time at an online class?
Not a native english speaker here. In the official video clip of Phantom Planet's California, why the line: "hustlers grab your guns" is censored? Is it offensive? What does it mean?
What are the best ways to cope with constant urge to learn without causing burnout?
What's something you cannot eat only 6 of?
What's a language you don't understand but you think sounds beautiful?
What if 99.99% of the Chinese population disappeared?
What was the most toxic relationship or friendship you've ever been in?
What is the most amazing photo from this era you can show someone who lived 300 years ago?
Which musician actually deserves all the hype surrounding them?
[Serious] American conservatives of Reddit, how do you reconcile explicitly cruel Republican policy with your morality?
What are your thoughts on face yoga? Does it work? Good face yoga channels?
Jurors of reddit what cases were the hardest for you to deliberate on?
If you were forced to choose between being rich and living only 24 more hours, or being in poverty and living 50 more years, what would you choose and why?
What is something fun to do when you are bored that is not so common?
People of Reddit: What are you scared of ?
how would you honour the person who has helped you the most ?
People of reddit with daddy issues, what's the worst thing your father has done?
What have you aggressively boycotted for the longest duration?
what is the most common thing people do?
Girls of Reddit: What do you enjoy about being a girl?
Which one is suitable for skiny guys, yoga or excercise ?
people formerly bound by NDA's, what is something that you have always wanted to say about it but legally couldn't?
What are your "Pearls Of Wisdom"?
what's the best tattoo that you've got?
If you melted all of the chocolate in the world would it be enough to cover the whole earth in chocolate?
[SERIOUS] What are the first signs of type 2 diabetes? Can you have type 2 diabetes without symptoms?
What's a fond memory of your childhood?
What product commercial turns you off from that product?
What's the most interesting co-incidence that has ever happened to you ?
What do you think are the side effect of marijuana?
what is something you first hated but was easy when you liked ?
Those who’ve watched Game of Thrones, what are your thoughts on House of the Dragon?
If there was something you could remove from the world, what would it be?
Anyone had that one guy in your friend group you hated? Any stories of why?
What's something that motivated you to get off your ass and start hustling?
people of Reddit who hate their country or city, what's the reason and where would you like to move if given the opportunity ?
People who have tasted their own bodily fluid, why?
What song actually benefits from having a fadeout ending?
How far ahead do you plan out life and why?
If an overwheight wholesome cute gamer would want to have sex with you, would you accept it?
"you did once and never", What are that ?
People that have quit a job with no back up plan, what made you do this?
You have hacked into a company of your choice, what will you do and why?
At what age you did Masturburate?
What is the most embarrassing thing you said to family?
What superpower would you like to have and why?
if Squid Game was played in your country, what games would be there?
What do you tell your depressed friend when the feelings they kept in come out at once ?
What are some signs that a promotion offered to you isn't really a promotion, but you're just a fall guy?
When you last watched Naruto Shipuden?
What would be the most embarrassing way to be found dead?
What will this generation of kids be telling their grandchildren, assuming they have them?
What would the world do if we were visited by hostile aliens? How would humanity react?
A job for a Team Lead has opened up recently. What kind of questions would you prepare for if you were to apply for the position and scored an interview?
If you could travel back to any time period for 24 hours, when would you travel back to?
What relationship advice were you given, that ended up backfiring on you?
What is the most unethical life hack you used in your life?
What subreddit should everyone know about?
Hey parents! If you could "return" one of your children which one would you pick and why?
What's your advice for people who are new to Reddit?
Germans... What do the random German solders talk about during WW2 games?
What's the most uncomfortable situation you've ever been in?
"if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America", but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves, what are the whole Galaxy knows we're here?
What would pirates do when their victims just pulled the uno reverse card?
Fellow Americans, why do you build your House Walls out of „Paper“?
How do you control your Reddit addiction?
What if you had the power to tell people when they were going to die?
What's the most popular houseplant in your country?
What’s the worst scandal that's happened to someone you know?
What was the hardest day of your life ?
Classical music lovers on Reddit, what is your favorite classical composer, why, and what works of theirs you wanted to suggest for Redditors to listen to?
Supermarket chicken expiration date is in 8 days, how does it last so unusally long?
Considering many might find videos of very big snakes interesting every once in a while, where would you go for videos of very big snakes on the internet?
What screams " I am confident"?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done for absolutely no reason?
If you would be the last person on Earth, what will be the first thing you,ll do?
People who bought their school and now live in it, what does it feel like?
What is your darkest secrets?
What makes you happy? What makes you feel good?
How the heck can a marriage that only lasted a few months have a divorce that can last for several years?
What should you be doing right now instead of browsing Reddit?
If you could change any one second decision you made in your past, what would it be?
Asking travelers, Have you ever been Sri Lanka and how was that experience..?
What’s your favourite way of using tissue paper ?
What was most dumb/absurd/nonsensical thing you've heard from a person that you thought was smart (or atleast sensible) that made you doubt their intelligence?
What according to you is the best plot twist ever (real life experiences can be included too)?
If Deadpool and voldemort were to fight, who would win?
What’s something we could do to make your job that much easier?
What just hits different after sleeping to way to short?
In your own words, what is "luck"?
What’s the most wholesome conspiracy theory?
Karen‘s of Reddit, what made you to one?
How do you decide whether you have enough of something or too much of it?
People of reddit, How's the weather?
What is something completely normal, but becomes really weird when you overthink about it?
What is the most necessary for a happy marriage?
What are some people you are glad are cancelled/doxxed?
Who is your favorite anime or cartoon character and why?
what do you hate the most?
[Serious] Business owners & leaders: What thoughts/worries keep you up at night?
where do you want to live?
"if you accidentally scroll to the top, you can return to where you were, "How will feeling you about tab for Reddit?
What question is a good conversation starter?
What is something you never knew even existed before it happened to you?
What’s a technology and/or discovery that would change everything?
What is your favourite sport? And if you could only show someone a single event (game/match/race etc.) to convert them into a fan, what would it be?
A good friends asks you to be a sperm donor but you’re in a relationship. What do you do (assuming you have their blessing)?
What small issues do bother you in your town, like littering,dog poop and similar?
Janitors of reddit, what's the most nsfw thing you've seen doing your night rounds?
What dyslexia actually feel like?
When did you realize that someone was doing what they were doing just for attention?
What is the most shocking you saw in a anime or a manga?
The browser doesn't refresh, the TV and radio start playing light music, no news broadcasts, and phone is down, so what's happening?
People of reddit, what's one thing you wish people would understand about your gender?
In what country do you live?And where are you from?
Who would you just like to punch in the face?
What is your decision on the Trolley Problem and why?
How much is a 1kg of bananas 🍌 in your country?
What is the worst food combos you have ever eaten?
What do you like?
Children of Single Parents, what's it like?
how can someone blow up the internet ?
Which Impractical Jokers episode where the challenge was when Sal get the entire people at a grocery store to cheer for him?
What is something you would really like to do but you lack the talent for?
What's the worst thing to do after masturbation?
we hate war but why do we still find some terorist group and war still gets to happen?
What is the greatest pleasure you can experience in this world ?
what could someone type the most controvrsial thing in the comments ?
What is dating like in 2021?
Whats a great car that you can buy for under $10,000?
What's the most annoying or hardest experience you had when you tried to volunteer?
What's your favorite movie where the bad guy(s) won?
Why hasn't there been posts about america lately? Speaking of america, what do you think of America?
What do guys find attracting in girls?
What is the worst argument you had with someone about anything?
what are some evil facts of about movies ?
When did you realize that you were doing what you were doing just for attention?
what would you like to speak in a un assembly ?
What could stop existing and no one would notice?
What is the primary reason to be aggressive towards other people?
What's the worst thing you've seen on the internet?
What do you always seem to say yes to?
What’s something you hate being judged for?
People who pour milk before cereal, why?
What is a movie mistake that you notice every time you watch that movie?
What’s the ugliest sounding language you heard being spoken?
If Predators did assimilate autistic genes (as from The Predator), what unintentional quirks would they pick up? How would it change their behaviour?
What sitcom or tv show do you think had a perfect ending?
what's the fastest way to get 10 dollars?
Is a painter still a painter when she is no longer a painter painting?
What is the best Roast/Comeback you have ever used on someone?
People that have been in the military, what is a common misconception about the military?
What if our species never went to war, ever?
what are which do you find annyoing ?
People of Reddit, are those scenes in movies where someone wakes up from a nightmare covered in sweat actually realistic? Can someone share their experience?
How would you go about redpilling a company's deep learning social media AI?
You are given a chance to see a ancestor,what era would you choose?
Oct 15th strikers of reddit, how optimistic are you?
What was your nickname growing up and how did you get it?
Brothers and Sisters of Reddit , what is your siblings biggest opps moment that still makes you fume?
If you can go back in time only once, what year and why?
If health and weight weren’t an issues, what’s food would you eat in excess?
Could a religion be a cult, if so how?
What is the dumbest thing you did as a kid?
Who are the smartest sports fans?
What would happen if one were to provide a cat’s stool sample for analysis rather than one’s own?
How did you find out your current partner’s “crazy ex” was actually crazy? What happened?
If there was one thing you could change in the past, what would it be?
The average American is younger than the average Western European and Canadian. What do you believe is the reason American leaders are so much older than the leaders in those countries?
Whats a subreddit where you link posts from other subreddits that are false? Like a fake post subreddit?
What's the weirdest, most interesting, or scary thing you found on Google Maps?
What do you reckon would be the situation of the world if it had no religion whatsoever?
What do you think the world is going to be in the next 10 years?
[Serious] Ok, so what are the major social issues facing the USA right now, and how bad could it get?
Hello Redditors who have had mental health problems, what worked well for y’all, a psychiatrist’s medicines or a psychologist therapy session?
What music artist seems universally hated on Reddit, do you unironically love?
How do you counteract / protect yourself from manipulation and psychological abuse?
People of reddit what gives you meaning in life right now?
What is something you can do at least 5 times a day?
What do you do to shorten your period/menstruation effectively without using hormonal pills?
Introverts of reddit, how did you meet your partner. Stories?
If you were stuck in a room for 12 hours with either the song Whats New Pussycat or Whip 𝗠𝘆 Hair playing on repeat, which would you choose?
What’s something you’ve ruined by trying to fix it DIY?
If you can visit your past, how would you advise yourself?
What's your reason to keep going?
What are some things you can buy a stand for?
What is going on with this recent Netflix scandal?
Reddit what's your "I just got mugged by someone I know" story?
How much do you care about your father’s opinion of you?
You are an alien and all your information about humans comes from Reddit. What conclusions do you make?
What's your most out-there guilty pleasure?
Where would you move to if you got to move just one more time and never have to pay rent again?
What is the most thoughtful gift you have received?
where to post a philosophy article for free?
Would you eat genetically modified food if you had a choice? Why or why not?
Make a list ranking the best sitcoms or any comedy shows you have ever watched?
whats the best cheap matcha powder? ive been really into iced matcha latte w/ brown sugar syrup at starbucks and wanna remake it at home. any brands that are taste good for a decent price?
What technological advancement is not yet legally regulated that should be?
What is the best "R" rated movie you have ever seen?
What is worth the money?
What's something you do to try to impress a potential girlfriend or boyfriend?
When telling a grandmother that she is about to have a THIRD great grandchild, would the proper equation be great^3 grandmother or great grandmother^3?
What's the safest place on earth?
What does your favourite meal consist of?
How Is Halloween Different Now Than When You Were A Child?
What thing is going to big in the future?
Who’s the most socially acceptable artist to listen to?
What are you grateful for, today?
How did you know whether you wanted or didn‘t want children?
In what aspect of life are you further behind than most people?
What song defined a certain era of your life?
Sex workers of Reddit what's the weirdest request/client you ever had?
Which talk show host do you believe is the worst besides James Corden since we all we know he sucks?
Who is someone people wouldn't worship if they knew the truth about them?
How did you learn the difference between left and right?
(Strictly female answers) women what makes a man attractive? And what do you seek in a partner?
What is a really good, but underrated artist?
What is the biggest misconception you know of?
What is something you wish more people knew about?
What movie, according to you, has the best soundtrack ever?
Have you ever had a wet dream? And if so can you remember it and how was the clean up?
(Serious) How do you know if you’re a boring person, and how do you fix it?
What's an hurtful insult?
what is the most difficult excercise at the gym for you?
What is the best date you've ever been on?
What's actually going on when we start seeing ads for something we've been talking to someone about on the phone, especially on a different device like a computer? What are the steps, and who are the responsible parties in recording and interpreting the things we say on/around the phone?
What’s the best thing about you?
What country would you move to for a better life?
What happens if you break something very valuable in a museum? Amount you can never pay back. Are you criminally charged?
If you could make one rule that every single person on the world must follow, what rule would it be?
what invention do you think is the symbol of this current era?
How would you know (through online/texting) if a friend is interested in or likes you?
What is the most horrific road accident you have ever seen?
If you were given a chance to go back to any age of your life and restart your life's journey, which age would you choose? Or would you not choose to go back?
What are the inside jokes in Reddit?
What's something you can only eat 6 of?
What celebrity has put a great impact on your life?
People of Reddit Have you ever witnessed something paranormal or unexplainable? if yes then what was it?
What's the pettiest thing you've done after a breakup?
What are some of the positives about communism?
What is the most awful dream you ever had?
What line of a videogame character touch your heart?
What is it about hearing your parents having sex that is so disturbing?
What are the best subcredits to increase selling?
What are some ways you can traumatize your abusive parents back?
What are you proudest of having done in your career?
What’s it like to be rich?
what is the sub for helping you remember the title to a movie?
What makes you think that you're smarter than the entire mankind?
What's your favorite obscure quote, and who can place it?
What got you sad today?
What does the daily routine of a full-time writer look like to you?
Who is worse, Robert or Fred Durst?
what something should never to do in college?
What is your opinion regarding freedom of religion?
In your opinion ,what is the greatest invention within this century ?
Your getting rob by three people again. One with a Mossberg 590 Shockwave 12 Gauge Pump Action Shotgun 18.5" And the other two have a bat and knife. You only have a bag of random stuff you robbed from the other people in the same gang,who robbed you of your cash earlier. What would you do?
What hobbies do you Redditors have? As in an activity you regularly work at improving without the goal of making money?
how further advanced as a society would we be if the entire world used the same unit of measurements?
What's the most problematic thing in your life which causes nightmares?
What makes you instantly lose respect for someone?
What’s something you wouldn’t want if it were new?
What’s your weirdest kink?
celebrities of reddit what should you people know about celebrities?
Managers named Karen, what's everyday life like?
If you ever dream of one thing that you wish for and it will come true what will it be?
Fellow autistic people of Reddit, what is your current hyperfixation?
What's the most NSFW that was done at your school?
if god created this universe can we ask biggest religious figures of all religions to ask god about all the planets where life exists without spending billions trillions on space agencies?
Why in the media/movies you always see gingers evil?
Fast Food Workers of Reddit: What was the strangest order you've ever received?
What seems simple, but is actually very complicated?
When you're watching a movie, do you look at the movie or the subtitles?
If not for money, what would be your choice of profession and why?
What’s the best or worst birthday memory that you have had?
[Serious] What are some facts that will remind you of your mortality?
Parents of LBGT+ children, were you surprised when they came out?
What are some movies that really made you feel something?
What’s something that sounds profound but really is just nonsense?
What are some relatively harmless actions that have major consequences?
What are the things or topics not to Overshare with other people ?
Can you really smell the difference between dog waste and cat waste, how would you describe the difference?
What do you to eat today?
If you could speak to one animal (besides your pet) what animal would you choose?
What is online from a movie or TV show that, out of context, it’s completely messed up?
what are you dying to tell someone?
If confidence was a physical thing. Which one of the 22 states of matter would it be and what would it look like?
If you could have any 1 power besides time travel, you make a new power too but only one, what would it be?
What is a monastery that you like and would recommend visiting ?
Blinken talked about the possible military action in Iran due to their nuclear program. How big is the chance of US attacking Iran?
Why shouldn't Karen stereotypes be the poison of advertising right now and why?
What is your Favourite Quote and the story behind it?
What do you think are positive stereotypes?
What gift did your ex give you that you still use often?
What movie you wish to see again for the first time?
when you realised that there is anything left from young yourself?
People who didn't play sports before. What motivated you to do it?
is there a reddit community where you can just dump your thoughts??
what according to you is equality?
What food do you like that others typically hate?
Who's got the best theme music?
What is the best part of your day?
How do you stop beating your wife?
If someone challenged you to steal the closest thing possible to you, what would it be?
How much do you know about your religion? How much did you follow it and why not?
There is a robbery being planned in your neighborhood tonight, what one piece suit will you wear?
If you were a noodle, what flavor and when?
Can we fall in love multiple times just as hard in our lifetime? Why or why not?
What is your phobia and why are you terrified by it?
Redditors, when did you discover you had brain tumor?
Trump and Biden in a naked chainsaw fight, how would that turn out?
any recommended communities for someone who enjoys writing?
People of Reddit, what are you disassociating with and why?
Which site do u use to download music to ur phone?
If your significant other passed away, then came back alive quite some time after you've been with someone else, what would you do?
Have you ever been a KAREN to someone else? What do you have to say for yourself?
Your now on the news for killing someone, who did you kill?
Has your school ever been on the news? If yes, why and what happened?
What is currently en vogue in the "youth slang" of your country?
How would you take it, if you found out that your boyfriend/girlfriend had a manure fetish?
For those with vaginas, what are some pet names that you or your significant other have for your flaps?
If you got teleportation,what is the first thing you visit?
For those who caught the corona virus, how did you catch it, and how could it have been avoided?
What’s the best thing that has ever happened to you?
What's something you can't refuse to do when asked?
What movie or TV show had the best ending?
What is something you haven’t been able to find on the internet?
What do We suppose to say to the cashier when they asks how old We are while buying condom?
What would it feel like to overdose on Sodium nitrate?
You're completely fucked. How?
What's the best excuse you've used to skip work/school?
Recovered alcoholics of reddit: is life truly better after quitting or is it just kind of “meh”? I want to experience true joy again, like I did when I was a kid. Not just “eh this is ok I guess”. Is this feeling possible to recover?
What is the strangest thing you have seen on the news?
how can you gain internet friends??
Why do you lower the volume on the radio when you’re driving and looking for an address?
What's the 1 time you were humiliated in public ,but you didn't even realize that until later?
Therapists of reddit, what made you feel genuinely scared of your clients?
What are the best sitcoms ever?
Who is a famous person/actor/artist who has no business being famous but somehow is because of dumb reasons?
What is the best advice you’ve heard that sounded like terrible advice when you first heard it?
What's a movie that's so bad it's good?
If time travel was real what mysteries/events would be easily explained?
What is a Job/Career, that is a safe bet to not become automated within the next 20-30 years?
Anyone wondered how lonely a minecraft truly is?
Redditors with little to no social skills, how far have you gone in life?
What's one of the things you did when you were younger that you thought was totally normal but looking back was massive cringe?
Recruiters of Reddit, what are your options when your previous employer would not recommend you?
What is an extremely specific tip that could save your life in an extremely specific situation?
What is one thing you find most attractive about the opposite gender?
What is something in your country that became illegal a lot later than it should have?
What is one good quality about yourself?
Found someone who said you can make can make anything sus by adding "😏" in the end. What is the worst example of this?
What are some of your favorite sour Candies?
What's your opinion on the blue colour?
What is the easiest money you’ve ever made?
You have money equivalent to the total amount stated in the Pandora Papers. What are you gonna buy?
Those of you who went through therapy, what was your biggest 'oh' moment?
The MIB, Ghostbusters, Dr. Who and for some reason Jack Nicholson appear outside of your house. They are all in deep conversation about a case to do with your house. What do you do?
Since the Holidays are coming up, what are some fashion or lifestyle small businesses that you think deserve more attention?
What little problen turned out to be a big issue for you?
Ladies of reddit,how do u react when a guy u like pretends to give u cold shoulders?
Why most things backfire?
disabled people of Reddit (mental or physical), What's the craziest/stupidest thing you've been fakeclaimed for?
What is the first thing you would do in a zombie apocalypse?
How would you describe the first day you moved out of your parent's house vs now?
Police officers of reddit, have you ever had to arrest your own friend? If so, what's the story?
Your favorite video game character is coming to kill you and you must avoid them for 1 week, who is it and how are you avoiding them?
People of reddit can you give some ideas of a non government organization which promotes advocacy like anti racism?
How does your face and voice affect your personality?
[NSFW] What is your opinion on incest?
What is the worst thing your sibling has ever done?
If there was one invention or idea you wish came to life (like um trash basketball Olympics or self-turning pages), what would it be?
What would the ads look like if more than half the population were not braindead zombies?
What’s the best book you’ve read in the last few years?
Lawyers of Reddit what is the most ridiculous trials you’ve worked ?
How have you ever pushed someone away that you actually really liked?
When does "it" stop being a reason and start being an excuse?
If you could permanently set the price of an item for £1, what would it be?
If you could bring one video game character to life who would it be?
You wake up, and all pornography/lewd material is suddenly eradicated from the world, with absolutely no loopholes nor can it ever exist again, except a lingering that exists in peoples minds: what happens next?
What drives you insane??
What song do you listen to, when you say fuck it and embrace the sadness?
What’s your most out there and interesting animal facts?
What is your goal in life?
Americans of Reddit, what's a great way to protect your freedoms?
Is it pathetic for someone to be depressed primarily because they can’t find a romantic partner? Why or why not?
What is the first thing you do when everyone leave home and you're alone?
People of Skynet. Have you donated blood to later that day get seriously injured and need a blood transfusion? If so, what is your story?
If World War 3 broke out, what part/place will be the safest in your country?
American's living in Japan for whatever reason, what are some misconceptions we as Americans have of Japan since you've been there?
Private Detectives of Reddit, what is the most complex case you've solved?
What question have you never found an answer for?
What awesome thing happened to you this week?
What is something that bothers you about our world?
Who has left Facebook &/or Instagram and how has your life improved since?
If you could be part of any one group of friends (fictional or nonfictional) who would you choose?
[Serious] Domestic abusers (physical, psychological, and/or sexual) of Reddit: why do you harm your loved ones? Can you ever restrain yourself?
Redditors who stopped being antisocial, how did you do it?
What movie changes the plot if you add a random ‘R’ somewhere in the title?
How is the construction market now?
What’s the best thing you’ve wasted your money on?
What stops us from connecting a thousand exercise bikes (and paying people to exercise) to a turbine to generate electricity?
What is something that customers can do to make your job easier?
If you had to live alone in a diffrent planet then earth, what planet would it be? Why?
What’s a thing you’ve bought that seems insignificant but has made your life a lot easier?
What’s the most a dollar has bought you?
What's the most disturbing thing you've heard come from a sibling's room when you know they are alone in their room?
What makes someone an asshole?
What is your favorite movie line that you can't get out of your head?
What's the best advice you'll give to your 20 y.o. self if you could?
What does your family call farts?
What is a double standard society willingly accepts?
What looked bad on paper, but worked well in real life?
What is something you should know how to do by age 30?
what are some of the extreme lengths you go to to save money even if only a tiny amount?
When the client requests you to train their staff but that wasn't part of the scope, what do you do?
What Was/Is The Best Decades Of Music?
What is something red?
What made you change your life around for good?
Do you like receiving/giving headpats? Why or why not?
who are you and why?
What is the most comforting memory you have?
Anybody else realize that Amazon trucks sound EXACTLY like an aztec death whistle when they back up ?
You have one infinite candy package and your mission is to take over the universe, what's your plan?
When was the moment you knew you had to leave your girlfriend/boyfriend?
People of Reddit, which hypocritical behaviours are you guilty of?
What is something that you can’t believe is actually a REAL thing?
What’s your worst story in a bar?
What's the most weirdest shit you've seen people did in school?
What is basically a cult?
What is the creepiest experience you have encountered?
Whats the craziest thing you’ve done for love?
Fan of the Metro saga, who is you're favourite character?
Whose death would be the worst to say "Rest in Power King"?
Truck drivers of reddit: Why do you use your jake brakes in residential heavy areas including during quiet hours? Is the benefit of the engine break worth the noise?
If you could give every person on earth one object what would it be?
Are you an avid reader? If yes, who helped you develop your love of reading?
If people know that the story of Moses in the bible is not factually correct, why do they hold it to such a high value?
when was the first time you masturbate? why did you do it? how did you discover it?
Who is John Galt?
People that use the phrase 'it'll be better for them in the long run' to explain your behaviour towards them, do you have any examples of when you were proven correct?
what do you think about cultivated meat?
What do you call it when you drink water without your lips touching the cup/bottle? And what part of the country/world are you from?
What’s your favourite negative review for an otherwise critically praised game/movie?
What is actually good and not overhyped?
What makes Reddit think they are heroes?
What's the saddest celebrity moment ever caught on your camera?
[Serious] What is the best way to deal with intense pain?
What is something that is subjective, but every human agrees on it?
How did hitting rock bottom change your life for the better?
What is the most embarrassing way you’ve injured yourself?
How do you deal with loneliness?
What kind of things worry you the most?
Have you ever been in an online relationship? How did/is it going?
What would remain the same even 50 years from now?
What do you think about the "Multivers teory"?
What would you do with togglable invisibility?
What's The Worst Year That We Have Had?
Trans people of reddit, what are your thoughts on Chappelle's latest special?
Which music artist helped you through tough times in your life with their music?
Which Celebrity Death Was The Saddest One?
What is your favorite artist or band to listen to while on psychedelics?
Redditors, do you go into a massive food coma after you eat? And if so, how do you deal with this?
What was your reaction to finding out your partner was cheating on you?
People who sleep naked what is the most awkward experience you had?
Who do you wish you were with right now ?
How is you all doing right now?
[Serious] What are your advices and recommendations for hospital stays both long and short?
What is your opinion on the British royal family?
How does someone live life to the fullest without friends?
What is your best Halloween memory as a kid?
What parental advice are you glad you didn’t take?
People who quit their jobs before having another lined up, why and how did it work out for you?
How can you make electricity vanish from the world?
What is something we all do but nobody admits?
What do you hope happens after we die? What do you think *actually* happens?
What would happen if electricity suddenly vanishes from the world?
Foreigners living in the U.S.- what typical American behaviors / qualities did you take over?
For Americans, how does someone know if they are a republican or democrat? What is the criteria, and does it change?
Who was the first person to buy a gift with his own income?
What makes us such good people for donating to charity if the drive behind why we do it is the solace WE feel from making those less fortunate happy and making the world a better place?
Out of 1000 people with dicks how many do you think have fucked there bong?
What is a good smelling body wash/shampoo for men?
Is any of your grandparents an avid reader? What is their home library like?
What do you think is more dangerous than most people believe?
Who was the dumbest movie protagonist of all time?
As a celebrity, how do you know you have, 'real,' friends?
Who still has an oldschool left-facing grey Snoo avatar?
[Serious] What makes the pain of being alive worth it? Is it normal to feel relieved at the thought of dying?
[Serious] What would America be like right now if Trump had been re-elected as President?
what's with this recent trend of people quitting their jobs? what are their alternative sources of income?
How do you respond to a friend who replies with "I've already seen it" to all the memes/posts you send?
True capitalists of Reddit, why do you think it's fair that you waste your valuable time and health for someone who isn't paying you what your work is worth?
What would you do rn if anything was possible?
What was the last "this feels so right" moment you had?
Did we ever find out who or what made those black obelisks that were popping up around the world recently?
Why Redditors went full potato?
What's the best country in Europe?
What Type/Kind of discrimination did you go through?
If you were a mariokart character, which would you be and why?
Guys and Girls of Reddit, what made you lose your innocence?
What Double Standard Are You Tired Of?
What's an underrated movie that deserves watching?
There's only room left for one more guy in the crew. What are you bringing to the table?
When is the last time you bought music? Why did you purchase rather than stream?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you ?
What doesn't exist, but should?
What moment in your life would you like relive everyday if you could?
[Serious] What are some facts that would immediately motivate you to live a healthier life (physically or mentally)?
Very niche, by what is a great thriller movie set on a train?
People of Reddit, what’s the earliest acceptable time to start listening to Christmas music?
You are tasked to pleasure yourself with the last thing you touched, what is it and would you go about it?
What Position Do You Usually Sleep In?
If someone should ask you? 'How has your life been the past year compared to now?' How do you answer?
Many people HATE the sound of nails on a chalkboard, what sound do you not like hearing?
What kind of people give you the creeps?
People who went "Last online 5 years ago" Why?
What's a smart lie your parents told you as a kid that you believed?
Bosses of Reddit, how do you want your employees to treat you?
Which celebrities look very similar?
what’s one song you could listen to for the rest of your life and never get tired of it?
What is your all time favorite music video?
People who are too emotional, what is the best way to "steel your heart"?
What's a good subreddit to binge all-time posts?
[Serious] How do you convince yourself to get out of bed early in the morning?
What is the worst thing you done when you were horny?
what's your opinion of bojack horseman?
Which president do you believe has jacked off in the Oval Office, and why do you believe any president would do that?
time has suddenly stopped. what do you do?
What was your reaction when you watched porn for the first time?
Why do you think there is universal disgust for cuckolds?
Have you ever had an encounter with a Ski walker? If so, what happened if you don't mind sharing?
What's the moment you felt the most alive?
What is the NSFWest NSFW you've ever read on Reddit?
What is your favorite brand and why?
What memory from your childhood do you wish you could forget?
What do you keep from your parents that you will never tell them?
What’s a strange reddit account to explore?
People who have no friends but want one but don't even try making them. Why?
How will the world change in 10 years from today?
You are teleported to 4/15/1912, How would you save everyone on the Titanic?
what’s yours & your partner’s safe word while in bed?
Wrestling fans of reddit, what is your favorite promotion and wrestler?
How much longer do you think the NFL will still be around?
what is the cure of lack of motivation ?
What tastes better, doritos or garlic mashed potatoes?
If you could get a lifetime pass to eat for free at any fast food chain, which one would it be?
Death row cooks, what is the weirdest last meal request you’ve ever gotten?
How does one ask out a famous actress?
What gets creepier and creepier the more you think about it?
How do you pretend to know more about a subject that you know almost nothing about?
Whats the worst type of torture to still exist today?
What would happen if makeup disappeared?
People from Arizona, what are the Pros & Cons of moving to the state?
But to this place where destiny is made, why have you come unprepared?
What is something you wish you did while you were still a minor?
Whome is the most attracteve reddit usar?
What was the last song u were listening to?
What was your best or worst experience on Omegle?
what do you do in private that would be weird if done in public?
What groundbreaking research / discovery / invention is about to be unleashed to the world?
What should not be illegal if you are smart enough with getting away with it?
In the middle of the night, you hear a bump, feel a sharp pain, then wake up in your bed, where are you?
What recent social change seemed impossible a few decades ago?
whats an example of both answers being wrong?
What’s considered a right of passage in your hometown?
What's Your Most Favorite Celebrity?
What's Your Least Favorite Celebrity?
What are some 'woman secrets' a man should know ?
Fellow Redditors, why did the chicken cross the road?
What is it about roaches that is so petrifying & disgusting?
As we head into another weekend, what is grinding your gears?
What's the most questionable, illogical, funniest, scientific inaccuracies you've seen in a fanfic?
Employers of Reddit, what is the worst resume you have seen thus far?
What show that you watched was so good you just spent the whole day binging it?
What decade has the best music and what examples of that do you have?
What are some great podcasts?
What is the worst smell you have ever experienced?
Hey reddit, what's your bed setup?
What was a fact that you regret knowing?
What does the average person think when someone says "Duck"?
Engineers of reddit, what's your "trust me, I'm an engineer"moment?
when skin clinics are getting more and more customers, do their service/treatment/product costs go higher? Or the other way around?
What movie line is the most often misquoted?
What was your first post on Reddit?
Knock knock, whose their?
You wake up tomorrow as a peace of toast, what do you wear for your first day as a peace of toast?
Airline pilots: how do you pass the time during long flights when there isn't much to do?
What brand has the worst product quality?
Where did you hide kleefernigles bartridgenaty?
Father's of reddit, does your toddler loves grandfather more than you and does it bother you? how do you deal with it?
What is the worst thing a person has ever said/done to you?
Who is a scream fan movie and show?
What’s a scam you’ve fallen for?
is there a way to tell what Gmail your card was used in to pay for YouTube premium?
What is the most used sentence in the entire world?
Would you have sex with a sibling (those of you who have not already) for a postive life changing lifestyle for your intermediate family?
Redditors, what’s new with you?
What is the scariest thing to ever happen to you?
people with long hair and jobs that makes you dirty, how often do you wash your hair? and how do you keep it healthy?
What's something that makes you smile,no matter how bad you're feeling?
People who haven't invested in crypto and don't want to, why?
People who managed to retire early, how’s life?
Why talking to a radicalized person feels like talking with a wall?
People who have trouble letting go of the past, how are you?
What's your "I started working there as a janitor and now I am the CEO" story?
What is you greatest accomplishment?
What's a good feel good movie?
What’s the creepiest 4chan/Reddit posts you’ve seen?
How do you repel females?
What's something you used to hate but now love?
What was your least favorite question you ever saw on this subreddit?
What does Reddit need to improve?
Chihuahua owners on Reddit, how do you feel about all the memes/stereotypes about your dog being the meanest/worst breed ever, do you agree or disagree?
Dear doctors of ask reddit, what was the funniest thing a patient has said according to the internet?
What's the weirdest thing you discovered on Reddit?
What’s your favorite smell?
How good would you say your emotional intelligence is?
People of Reddit what was the moment that your family members subtly told you that you didn't really matter all that much to them?
What's your favorite thing to eat at 3AM?
What was your favorite question you ever saw on this subreddit?
Users whose SO didn't know your username and showed you a post or comment you made, what did you do?
What Are The Best Live Action or Cartoon Character Protagonists?
What is your craziest customer story while working or shopping?
People who got cheated on. Why did your SO cheat?
what's your favorite non-sexual fantasy?
whats one thing you think you missed out on?
What's a horror movie you can watch over and over and still get a good spook from?
If you are bi polar, what can trigger a manic episode?
What is the reason most people get so offended by everything today?
What are the best live action or cartoon protagonists?
Redditors who have worked in the food industry, what's the most annoying thing about customers that you have to deal with?
What’s your opinion on Bob Lazar and his Alien stories?
What Are The Best Supervillians?
Is there ever a justified reason for cheating in a relationship? Why or why not?
What was a time you received punishment/consequences that made you think “honestly? That’s fair” to yourself?
In what respect are you a minority?
What happened to kaotic.com?
Would you let a baby alligator bite your nipple for $1,000? What would you do with the money?
what is your biggest pet peeve?
So when is american squid game coming?
What's a common stereotype about your country ? Do u like it or not?
What do foxes ssmell like, how would you describe it?
What's your worst habit?
What do you take to make you sleep?
What work do you do that very few people can do?
What are some tips when it comes to buying your first apartment?
how healthy are you?
[serious] What are good resources speaking about human job replacment by automation and side effects on the economy if the rate of automation passes a certain threshold?
Have you ever walked in a room and had to slowly back out, what happened?
What happens when two Karen’s fight each other?
It’s your last day on earth. Where are you spending it, with who and how?
What would be some company slogans if they had to be brutally honest?
What phrase will fit in the bed and in a family dinner?
Why wouldn't you hire someone that comes to a interview wearing a bow-tie and why?
Teachers who got outsmarted how did it happened?
What is the worst dream you ever had?
Redditors, who spoiled a film that you really wanted to watch, and what film was it?
What was your highschool like?
How can you train an out of control cat?
What’s something you’ve done but you can never tell anyone ?
What was the most terrifying thing that's happened to you?
whats your favorite color?
What is that one piece of media (A song, a film, etc) which has completely changed your life or at least impacted you a lot?
What song makes you feel like the closing credits are about to roll?
You’re reincarnated in a newborn. ¿What are your first words?
Who motivates the motivator? And what motivates you at your lowest when you're feeling down & out?
You just been hacked and it will happen again. What would you do?
What's the worst movie ever unironically?
how did karma justify it self?
Police/Fire Fighters/Paramedics of Reddit: What was the stupidest reason someone called for emergency services?
What’s the worst pickup line you’ve ever heard ?
What is your opinion on Rod Stewart’s version “The First Cut Is the Deepest”?
where do you think you're finna end up 😇 Heaven or Hell😈?
Vietnam Veterans of Reddit, what are some questions you wouldn’t mind answering and inappropriate questions you don’t like being asked when encountered in the wild?
How do we know you’re not the next Ed Gein?
Why hasn’t Justin Trudeau been cancelled for doing black face (multiple times and proudly)yet Donald trump is constantly being associated with the alt right and kkk?
What TV show from your life has shaped who you’ve become the most and why?
How does one Reddit?
What’s something that just isn’t funny?
what is one convincing reason not to be nihilistic?
What is a movie generally seen as objectively bad, but it's your comfort film and will always be?
What is the scariest thing/situation you have ever seen?
What’s the best name for a boat?
What are things you would like to do before you go to uni?
What’s the best part-time retirement gig in terms of money, stress, skills, etc?
What is your favorite "feel good" subreddit?
What fan theory have you accepted as canon?
What are you up to?
What are you keeping safe in your heart?
What is your most embarrassing kiss story?
What are some good gift ideas?
what are some very good tv/web series but underrated and unpopular?
What does it mean the play the gender card?
Those of you that got back with an abusive ex, why? Did it work out?
To the people who were engaged and broke up what happened?
What are some questions we should ask ourselves to improve our self awareness?
What’s the most “dangerous” book you’ve ever heard of, and why is it considered dangerous?
What album is perfect in the way that it sucks you in from beginning to end?
What are some bad stories you’ve heard of the fast food industry ?
What happened to Ronald Mcdonald?
People who performs their jobs better when not sober...what substance, what job and why do you believe it helps?
What was the best moment you had with your partner?
With the Holidays around the corner, how are you gonna make it different this year?
What person or group do you blame for inflation if anyone and who do you think will get blamed regardless?
What is something you didn't do, but got in trouble for anyway?
Oldies , what is your advice to someone in their early 20s ?
If you could experience any game, movie or anime for the first time again, what would it be?
Why are you addicted to water? It will take hold of you, and you will resent it’s absence?
Why do you find most people to be insufferably stupid?
what's the best worst thing you've ever done?
What's something that makes you feel bad when you see it on the street?
What's something that you do that makes you feel like garbage?
What's the dumbest questions you've seen on reddit?
What non conventional fruits do you eat the skin of?
Who would you choose if you had to pick a classic rock singer, living or dead, to cover your favorite song?
What’s a conspiracy theory you wouldn’t be surprised was true?
How do you feel about clickbait?
We all hate the cringeworthy jump scares, but what are the actually good ones?
Why can't you sleep anymore?
What is the most god awful thing you've ever seen inside a Wal-Mart?
Is there a valid reason why you are the only one initiating plans in a friendship? Why or why not?
What’s the most romantic thing you have ever done?
What is your favorite thing to do with pennys?
What kind of house can you buy for 1 million dollars in the city you live in?
If you had the chance to meet any alternate universe you which one would you choose?
What would you do different if you could start over?
What’s the worst Christmas present you’ve gotten that you had to pretend to like, how did it go?
What was the most worst friend you ever had?
How do you say someone you are not interested in them without hurting them?
What do you think about yourself?
What's your best "yeah, im drunk." moment?
When has enough time passed that we don't have to keep bringing up January 6th?
You want to introduce a new TV show to your friend. What episode would you show to draw them in?
What do you do when you should be sleeping?
What's a random or dumb thought you wish to share?
what is the first thing you are doing if you woke up as the opposite gender?
What animal or creature can be an even worse of a nightmare than anybody thinks of it?
What is the stupidest way you got in trouble?
You wake up with a hangover in a unfamiliar house, what do you do?
What’s something you wish you could do everyday?
What are some interesting podcasts?
What does cultural appropriation look like in the restaurant/food scene?
What’s the best advice you’ve ever gotten after a breakup?
What food combination do you eat that makes other people to cringe or think it's gross?
If you have a spouse who is a foreigner, how did you meet them?
When you have guests over for dinner and one of them decides to do the dishes to be helpful, but they start doing them WRONG, what do you do?
What hobby did you quit because everyone said you were too old for it?
What would a conversation with yourself pre-quarantine be like?
What was the last cereal you ate for dinner?
What is a flirting tactic that you wish would stop?
What would a conversation with your past self be like?
What screams living on daddy’s money/ hedge fund kid on the internet?
what is the best book or book line ever?
what are some bizarre things you would belive ?
What if aliens came to earth with food that can grow in minutes and only gave it to the South Korean government? How would the rest of the world react after the aliens leave and what would Korea do?
What never fails to cheer you up?
What would be a good name for an auto body shop?
What medical side effect did someone not believe?
Bluedditors of Reddit, why aren't you red?
Have you ever had an “Aha” Moment instead of personal growth being gradual? How so?
What did you learn how to do most recently?
What is the best cleaning advice you've ever heard?
Smellnicity: what scents or smells do you associate with people of different ethnicities?
What was your series of Misfortunate events? Or one you saw?
When is the last time you cupped a fart and smelled it?
What’s the best state to live in the USA? Right now. Why?
Serious question. When we all fall asleep, where do you think we go?
Who do you know with the smelliest feet?
What were your mall experiences from the 80s and 90s?
Which sport really shouldn’t be considered a sport?
Girls of Reddit, why so some of you use so much perfume?
Redditors who found love later in life (40’s or later) what’s your story to give a fellow Redditor hope?
What are your thoughts on (dating) reality TV shows?
When you think a girl is cute... do you mean she is attractive?
If you could erase the memory of the movies and TV series you watched, what would you re-watch?
What are your thoughts on Zion Williamson?
What are the most over-asked AskReddit Questions?
If a woman can easily falsely accuse a man of assault, what can a man easily falsely accuse a woman of?
What is an anime that aged well?
What is something so cursed yet so satisfying to watch?
People of reddit, what was the most obviously fake spooky story that you've ever heard, but people still believed it?
What is the Hardest User-Created Level in any Game that has been completed by a Human?
What would you do as a military leader if you were going to take over the USA?
What was the weirdest place you had sex at?
What is the world running out of?
How long will humanity exist? Why do you think so?
What is the worst time you’ve been left on read?
What was your most embarrassing clothing mishap?
What's something you can do to make a stranger's day today?
What tastes better cooked in a cast iron?
Which “The Onion” headline best describes you?
What instantly gets you in a good mood?
When did Dave Chappell stop being funny please explain ?
People who choose to walk in the road when there’s a perfectly good sidewalk right next to you, why?
What’s the most irrational fear you had as a child?
What is the TV/Movie trope that pisses you off the most?
You can permanently change the price of one thing to 1$. What item are you changing ?
If you had a chance to name yourself when you were born, what name would you have?
People who has a SO but don't want to get married, why don't you want to get married?
What was the dumbest thing you have seen someone do because they believed the Mayans that 2012 would be the end of the world?
What can you do to regain the love and trust of someone?
What is the best way to make friends in college?
Where do you go to feel like you belong?
What was the most disturbing dream you've ever had?
What do you think humanity will be like in 100/1000/10 000/100 000 years from now?
what beliefs in your culture that doesn't make any sense?
What is a good example of "Sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck."?
What are somethings that you should do before you are 25?
What are you thinking about just this second?
How long on average does it take you to orgasm solo?
What is the most realistic tv high school?
How would you respond to someone asking what you are?
What would cause a jar of pickled herrings with onions to smell like Nordic ass?
Serious question: why were there no K-9 units deployed during the Jan. 6th insurrection at Trump rally in DC?
What artists wish their most famous work weren’t their biggest hit?
how do you think having 100 testicles affect your life?
What is the strangest insult you’ve ever received?
Physios (PTs) of reddit, what experience made you fall in love with your profession?
What would you say is the biggest advancement of the Century and why?
Dear Redditors, Do you prefer a big high school or a small one. Why?
Lawyers of Reddit did you ever loose a case that you were sure that you were gonna win, if so how?
Do you let your dog(s)/cat(s)sleep on the bed with you at night? Why or why not?
what country would you never want to visit and why?
Will high myopia lead to blindness eventually? What are the chances of getting macular degeneration, retinal detachment, glaucoma and more?
Have you ever been in a position where nothing brings you joy? How did you get out of it? [Serious]
What's the best bar band you've seen?
what would you change if you found out you have the ability to change any single thing in this world?
What are some social happenings you see in shows/movies that dont actually happen in real life?
You were granted the power to go back to a certain time and location in the past but the furthest you can go is the time you remain in the current life. When or where do you go?
What are your top 7 recommendations for best TV shows of all time in order of quality?
how did you take your revenge?
What makes a platypus a platypus?
what would you like to tell to the whole world ?
When you surprise it, it doubles. What is it?
Lawyers of reddit, what was the worst thing you had to defend in a court of law?
Shippers (The Relationship Kind), What Are You Ship Shaming Horror Stories?
What’s going to be “internet” or “iphone” of the future that we don’t see coming?
What movie will never get a sequel?
How do you go out whenever you want and have space at same time with your strict mom?
Let's say that each subreddit is a chemical. Which two subreddits, if mixed together, would result in the most violent reaction?
What is the most overrated thing (job,person,etc.,etc.)?
When looking at present day life, what are your thoughts on what teachers have to deal with as schools becomes much more dangerous and chaotic?
People who used to be atheists but now belive in God, what happened?
What are some bad examples of Nepotism in Hollywood?
What do people outside of America need to realize about the gun laws in America?
What is the funniest Halloween costume you’ve ever seen?
What are some tips to eating less food when you have a crazy high appetite?
What is something that deserves more love?
What’s an important part of your bed time routine?
What was your "I'm done with this shit" moment?
What's your craziest coping mechanism that works?
What is a good thing about being terminally ill?
What's the weirdest place /way a relationship has started?
What is the worst thing that can happen to someone without then realizing it?
What is the most savage question you've heard someone ask another person?
What makes absolutely no sense to you at all?
What are some sardonic experiences of your life?
[Serious] How do you fight your executive dysfunction?
What screams 'loose vagina energy'?
What obscure video games would you recommend that not many people know about?
What is the closest to a "horror movie" experience that you have ever had?
Who do you want to kick in the teeth?
If a picture is worth a thousand words, how much is a video worth?
What's your favourite thrift store find?
How would you find the change in the amount of solar energy Earth receives daily after a century or a millennium?
What gives you the best "natural high"?
What's something that everybody hates and then everybody loves?
How much money have you spent on cars (insurance, tax, gas, maintenance etc.) in your entire life?
What’s it like to move abroad for work by yourself?
What is an excuse for something that someone frequently made to you, but you no longer accept it?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done for a friend?
What’s the most hilariously inappropriate song to play at a funeral?
Where do you live?
How do some essential oils kill bugs/insects?
What games would the americanized squid game feature?
What is the thing that still surprise you / you don't understand despite being an expert in that field?
The wisest person on the planet comes to your area, you are allowed one question. What is it?
What has FinDom become lately?
What kinds of hallucinations have you experienced from sleep deprivation?
Which comment/post of yours blew up on reddit?
What turns you on the most ?
What very common childhood experience did you *not* have that you’re glad you missed out on?
What's the strangest surname you've ever seen?
What thing do you consider yourself the best?
Reddit, what animal do you hate?
[Serious] what’s your philosophy, whether it’s good or bad?
Porn enjoyers of reddit what is the best porn movie you ever watched ?
What’s the most productive way to spend free time while also having fun?
What was a loophole that you found and exploited the hell out of?
What would be the best way to murder a mermaid?
Why do you think self esteem is important and at what point does it turn into being narcissist and egotistical ?
What is something that pisses you off, but everyone else likes it?
What are some useless/ridiculous rules imposed by your workplace?
[Serious] What can stop young men from identifying as incels?
Single people of Reddit, why are you single?
What is the most hilarious thing you've witnessed happen to a stranger, yet you pretended not to see/hear it?
What's the smartest thing you heard a lawyer say?
What is your favourite joke?
If the world erupted in zombies, vamps etc, what would your weaponry would be using to survive??
If you could have any aesthetic what would it be?
What things did you think were normal growing up but realize were not?
What's the most interesting place you've ever explored?
What causes people to hate billionaires as a whole but still love people like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos?
Whats something you want to talk about with someone but you dont know with who?
What's something you're a little embarrassed to be a fan of?
Which conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
How do you like your eggs cooked?
What is created when one combines magic and science?
What just makes you want to punch something?
Which cooking device is an absolute must in your kitchen?
What is a well known saying that you disagree with?
What’s your favorite scary movie?”?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever said at a job interview?
What would a drink of blood mixed with sugar taste like?
What key social skills are missing from today’s society?
What songs does nobody hate?
Do not want any other coping mechanism, how do you not feel anything, is there any medication?
Whats the food that your parents did or still do that you absolutely love and haven’t seen anyone else do to this day?
20% of people will experience a mental Illness each year How does your employer manage employees mental health issues at work?
Reddit, what was your best experience when being fired?
[serious]What was it like when you finally just snapped and couldn’t take it anymore?
married men / women, was there a specific incident your life after which you decided that your SO is the one?
What’s that one weird fact that is hard to bring up in conversation, but you love to tell?
[Serious] what was the worst sexual experience of your life?
Mods of popular, or even not so popular subs, what's going on with you?
redditors who are murder victims, what is your story?
You will be awarded $2million for causing the most chaos in 24 hours at your job. Another employee has the same mission, what do you do to ensure you outperform them and win?
r/AskReddit What would you replace the sand at the beach with?
What’s the most relatable song you’ve ever heard and why?
What is your personal experience in a long distance relationship and how do you make it work?
What should be free but costs money?
Hey funny people of Reddit, what's the secret ingredient of humor?
What was it like working as an under cover cop?
Whats something you really want to talk about but feel like your to old for it?
Democrats who Will Not be voting for Biden this time around. What was the breaking point for you??
What smells worse than it tastes like?
What's the truest statement you've heard someone say?
People of Reddit, what’s a time when you’ve been cancelled whether online or in person?
Car owners of Reddit, how would your car star in a social media video?
(Serious) Redditors who went to prison, what was your experience with your cellmate(s)?
What is an unimportant hill that you would still die on?
Brits, what do you think about Americans?
People who are bad drivers, why do you insist on backing into parking spaces?
Doctors, what is the strangest question a nurse ever asked you?
why do you think some people are alone?
Reddit, what was your best experience in a restaurant?
How do you define friendship? How do you know you're friends with someone?
Cat owners of Reddit, how would your cat star in a social media video?
What is one thing you know everyone is doing wrong?
First responders of reddit, what is the oddest call youve ever responded to?
If you had to contribute something the internets never seen or heard before, what would it be?
What is a question that you wish straight cis people would stop asking you?
What video game initially bombed on release but with time became popular/a cult classic?
If you could commit any crime once and get away with it, what would it be?
In the furute people can get wings from any birds They want, these wings are scaled up to a wingspand of 21 feet because that's the only way to fly, what bird do You want Your wings from?
What animal closely resembles your personality and why?
Whats something you havent told anyone but you really want to tell someone?
Whats the best grocery store/ how to become a couponer?
Ugly people of Reddit, how do you deal with being ugly?
You walk in on your first day at work to find out your boss is wiping jelly all over your keyboard in order to make them sticky, what do you do?
What was your dream job when you were a child and where did you actually end up in life?
Who’s a character that seemed to get worse over time?
What is an fact that is no longer true but people still believe?
You have 24 hours to create a social media platform to increase the mental health and happiness of others if it’s a hit you get a boatload of money what’s your idea?
Dieting people of reddit, how hungry are you rn?
What kinds of questions are you most tired of seeing on AskReddit?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What is your definition of regression culture?
You get to give your worst enemy a "superpower" what do you choose?
What tv shows from your childhood are s tier?
What's something you used a lot before and now realize you haven't seen in years?
What is huge a bullet you did not dodge?
Do people ALWAYS look less attractive when they take off their masks for the first time and you finally see their face? Does the bottom half of their face EVER look the way you expected?
People born yesterday how does it fell being a baby?
What do you think is the most stupid non-satirical sub?
Poll: 90% Say people should be free to become rich. What do you say?
Ok guys, dont lie. Whats the most you've jerked off in a day?
What countries cuisine is underrated?
What are the best tips for handling the change in time when working night shifts?
Americans of reddit. What annoys you most about modern society?
If you were to recommend a movie to someone who hasn't watched any and thinks they are real, what would it be ?
What was the most intelligent question a student has asked you in class?
Those of you that have placed a memorial on the roadside where you lost a loved one, what was the motivation behind the decision?
A new album is about to drop called "hank hill sings the hits". What is the track list?
Who is your favourite tennis player?
People who worked in customer service. Has a company ever instructed you to not acknowledge a widespread problem and "play dumb" even though many many customers were complaining?
What is the ultimate meaning of life?
People of Reddit what was the most scariest thing you had seen?
How would you show/tell your close friend you have a crush on him?
What’s the real reason you don’t have any friends?
Of the famous figures who died before their time, who would have struggled the most in the 2020s?
What's the hardest question you've ever asked yourself?
What's something you've seen or experienced that you're sure very very few other people have?
When will Google Street View cover every nook and corner of every country?
What impact have your travels had on you?
Masseuses of Reddit: tell us your stories! The good and the bad
What's a disadvantage you have that actually became an advantage?
Elon Musk haters, why do you hate him?
What did you do as a child that you enjoy more as an adult?
People of Reddit, have you ever walked out on a job before it started/you were offered the job? If so, why?
People of Reddit who have good posture, how much effort do you put into maintaining it? Do you have to remind yourself a few times a day, many times, none? Do you use posture correcting things?
What is the most serious question you've ever had to answer?
What's a good scary movie that doesn't get enough attention this time of year?
If you have mind reading ability who’s mind will you read firsthand?
Hi Reddit! What's your thoughts on soulmates?
If you had only one song to explain what music was to aliens, what song would you pick?
What are some questions you should never ask?
What’s one rule do you think all social media companies should abide by?
Which countries in Euroasia are relatively easy to relocate to from USA?
Who is your comfort character and why them?
What’s the oldest object you own, and how old is it?
what is something you want to tell them?
You get an awful call from your mother, what does she say?
Why do you like/don't like Hot Pockets?
Have you had a rare connection when dating? An unexplainable ease and intimacy in getting to know someone?
whats smth that makes you think life is worth living for?
When was the last time, when life kicked your ass real hard, what was it about?
Democrats who will not be voting for Biden this time around, what was the breaking point for you?
What era of your life does your heart truly belong to?
out of everyone, who made you the happiest?
People who only use the restroom at home - how do you manage all day when you’re out or at work?
what was the hardest goodbye you ever had to say to somebody?
Woman of reddit, would you be weirded out or disgusted, if a man you liked gets excited by seeing you slice or eat cheese? If so why, or why not?
What will people say if they opened your phones photo gallery?
Reddit users around the world, what is a tradition in your country that other cultures would judge you for?
What‘s a movie you wish the Antagonist had won?
what is the most hurtfull thing someone has said to you?
What was the most toxic coworker you have met?
What's the dumbest misconception that you believed for most of your life?
People of reddit- Why is the Halloween (Michael Myers) franchise so bad?
what is the nicest thing someone has said to you?
What is something money cant fix?
What’s a good way to get weed out of your system for a urine test?
What makes you happy in life?
what is something you ve been scared to say?
"Ho life or No life" What are your thoughts on this philosophy of living?
Which historical figure deserves to be killed off in his/her early years?
[Serious] What is the funniest thing you ever witnessed at work?
What is your favorite thing about the internet?
What dish do you find yourself craving the most?
What is something you believe in gatekeeping for?
What’s the best way to “handle” someone who seems to be coming for your job?
whats smth in the past you wish you could change?
What makes dads happy?
whats smth that autmatically pisses you off when said or done?
What are some spooky, scary, and/or gory Halloween trivia do you love telling people about?
whats smth that somebody said that immediatly made your heart sink in your chest?
You have a 2000 calorie budget for your last meal. How do you spend it?
Why are you holding onto unused electronics (laptops, cellphones, computers, tablets, etc.)? What's preventing you from getting rid of them?
who was your first love and why did you fall in love with them?
What are your thoughts about "TRUTH" social?
What comic storylines do you want to see on the big screen?
[Serious] How can you be in love with someone but not want to marry them?
What are good habits pick up, to be 1% better everyday?
Whats the dumbest thing you ever fell for?
Men of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have masturbated to?
whats smth you r holding onto but you know you should let go?
In honour of the Vikings being in the Americas over a 1000 years ago, what things should a “National Vikings Day” include?
if you were die tonight, what is something you would regret not doing?
What social media post/comment you made didn't get the credit you think it deserved?
Your gf has cheated on you. She promises it was just one time and she was calling your name the whole time, do you forgive her?
What is a good microphone to get with a budget of $100 CAD?
Whats your favorite movie to rewatch?
Despite being “nonjudgmental,” what is something you cannot get over judging people on?
Redditors, based on the post history of the first commenter, are they a troll? Why or why not?
What lego set is a must have?
Who is the person you hate most and why?
[Serious] How can someone stop feeling guilty or like a traitor for wanting to date outside of their race?
Why, or why not, should pineapple be allowed on pizza?
What's the craziest thing you've done in a relationship ?
What's the best movie you have watched?
What is the strangest death you know of?
What historical event would you want a movie of?
What Ultimatum did you give that backfired?
How were you able to get over your ex?
You are given an offer where you will instantly receive $5,000,000, however your throat will always be dry for the rest of your life. Do you accept the deal?
What is the most important value to teach to your children?
What is something no one should ask you about?
What are some good ways to convince your peers that voting liberal is cool and groovy?
Which country has the worst fanbase?
What were the biggest red flags you ever saw at a workplace?
If you had a robot girlfriend capable of bending in any direction, what new sex moves would you make?
What do you think made you the person you are today?
What do you think should be a law right now?
What are you looking forward to one day?
What is your song that you viewed as depressing in the past, and now it improves your mood?
What’s the best self roast pick up lines?
Why do you hate that one person?
How would you react if your child told you he/she was gay?
What got you into Reddit?
What do you have absolutely ZERO sympathy for?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, how are the controversial parts of history represented in your children’s history books today?
What’s a hill you’re willing to die on?
What would be the worst Halloween costume to make a slutty version of?
In your current relationship what would be an absolute game ender?
People who aspired to be a certain profession after high school but became something else, What made you change?
What is a skill you have mastered and how long did it take you to master it?
What feels NSFW But isn’t?
What’s an oddly specific question you have been asked before?
What sitcom does everyone like, but you hate with a burning passion?
What's the worse parenting advice you ever got?
Teachers of reddit, what's the most surprising thing a student has done during a lecture?
What is the best adult movie/scene ever made?
(Funny) Women of reddit how do we approach you after we made eye contact?
What country is just the worst when it comes to climate change?
Righty vs. Lefty. Whom is superior? Whom lives the better life? Do lefties have better problem solving skills naturally due to the world being mostly suited for righties?
What is currently socially acceptable but will age like milk?
What careers do people with childhood trauma tend to have?
What can you buy for less than $10.00 that makes an everyday activity way more convenient?
What is a piece of advice you would give to your younger brother who is being bullied ?
What careers, for instance sex workers/chefs/comedians/psychologist, do people with childhood trauma go into?
In an alternate reality, Nintendo decides to target little girls instead of little boys to sell the NES. What would the video game industry look like?
What are things you do to appear older?
A cold ice cream appears in your hand every time you get angry. How would your life change?
[Serious] How are you supposed to handle a very high pressure work environment if you cannot quit and also cannot take holidays?
Redditors who don’t believe in marriage why date at all?
What's the craziest thing you've done for money?
Those of you that have worked on movie and TV sets, what lack of safety or workplace standards are commonplace that would never fly on another job site?
What is the worst possible term for "fingering"?
What is your “Happy Place” like?
What was the best way that someone has hit on you ?
What was your most successful reddit post/comment about?
How much stock do you put in to horoscopes and astrology?
What’s something that you were made fun of when you were younger but now is commonly accepted or is even a trend?
What advice would you give to your 20-year-old self?
What's something you wish you could have experienced but couldn't/ it was impossible to?
How do you reply to your friends giving you exaggerating compliments(for fun) whithout hurting them?
What tv series was ruined by an addition of a pointless character?
Which non-Ghibli animated film is the closest to a Ghibli film?
What is the best use of a pizzas crust?
Was Paul McCartney a better guitar player than bass player the whole time?
Married people of Reddit, what is the secret you know about your spouse but they dont know that you know?
What is harder being a farmer or selling insurance?
What are some tips for moving out of an abusive parent's house when you don't have much money?
What is your "there are no mistakes, only happy accidents" story?
People of Reddit: when did you finally realize you needed to leave your significant other?
How do you handle a roommate (2br/2ba apt) that’s always negative?
What screams "big spoon energy"?
What are some generic gifts that most people would appreciate?
What's your go to question to revive a dying conversation?
There is a worldwide economic meltdown. What do you do?
[Serious] people of Reddit what made you end a years long friendship?
what is a good meme maker app for pc?
What was your first kiss like?
If you could create a patch for the earth/humanity, what would it be?
Which funny movie or show do you like to quote the most often?
What is a hidden gem in your town/city/providence that should get more recognition?
Which movements in history started out great but ended up becoming something else in its later stages?
What is your life the biggest mind blow ever?
What does Adderall XR help with for you?
What’s the craziest thing money can buy?
When craving to eat something sweet, what are you getting?
What are your favorite Nicktoons shows?
What is your favourite YouTube channel?
What was your first highschool / college essay about?
What's the most hurtful thing someone's said to you that wasn't meant to be hurtful?
What mean of Halloween?
[Serious] How long do you usually date someone/in a relationship before you have sex with them?
Window cleaners of Reddit, what are your spiciest stories?
How do you feel about the current update?
What's the biggest upset in sports ever (in your opinion)?
Questions for creators: What item under $50 changed your life?
What event or scenario would cause shaggy (the meme) to use 100% of his power whether that be our own universe or a fictional one)?
Which villain completely overshadowed the hero of its movie/series?
Based off a recent post. What screams big dick energy?
What are you planning for the Halloween?
What's difficult to do with a boner?
What's the best optimized video game ever?
What screams “big dick energy”?
Where does the channel “Everday Reddit” on youtube get his thumbnails from?
What is one toxic trait your not ashamed about?
What does everyone think about the Dave Chappelle controversy?
What is your most basic need if you’re a dog?
What will be your first initiative if you were NYC Mayor for a day?
If you could wish something that would happen tomorrow what would that be?
If you didn't need to work to earn a living. Would you work? If so. What would you be?
People in monogamous relationships over 30, how often do you masterbate with or without porn vs have sex with your partner per week? How often is sex planned?
WOMEN, how long do you prefer sexual intercourse (penetration only) to last?
How weird do you think it is if a girl likes being choked during sex?
What is your idea of 'drinking a lot' in terms of alcohol?
Non-religious people, what is your “Bible”?
When do the dreams where you're back in school but it's the last day and you either haven't been to a single class, or haven't written that super important paper stop?
What are some Gift ideas for women other than perfume and makeup?
What will be the first thing you do, when you find out "Everything is a Simulation" all along?
If you could save an extra $2,000 dollars a month by living in your car, would you and for how long?
What made you dislike someone automatically, even though you didn't really know that person?
What causes people to worship a political figure?
What screams "Sigma Male" mindset?
How have you been challenged in the last two years?
If your worst nightmare you've had became true, what would you do?
What things do you buy for women in your family for Christmas other that perfume and makeup?
What 2021 recommended smart phone?
What uncommon facts do you know?
At what point as an American did you realize you were watching the fall of an Empire?
Introverts of Reddit who married extroverts how did you meet?
What’s something that you do that you know is toxic ?
What’s an argument or point that made you change your mind on an important issue?
What does "cold limp lumbus and knees" mean?
If porn stars where as famous/Well known as blockbuster movie stars who would be the most famous or well known?
What is something that needs to be said?
What is your favorite activity?
What's an unspoken rule that no one seems to follow?
What is something annoying, but you have to do?
How irrational is it for you to not like people who show you more attention when you look better?
What hair color do you find most attractive?
What are some facts about recycling, that would get the attention of Gen Z?
What are your biggest regrets?
On which topic did you fundamentally change your opinion lately?
What is your type?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? What happened?
What is something incredibly dumb that you believed as a kid?
If Trump's new social media site TRUTH was an acronym describing the actual purpose of his site, what would it stand for?
What is something not many people know about you?
What is it like to live alone?
Whats the best way to say thank you without saying thank you?
What do you gift or tip you mail lady or mail man at the end of the year?
What’s your favourite type of spider?
Which movie scene made you cry?
Parents of Reddit, how the pandemic affected your children /emotional, social, educational/?
What’s a popular game that you just can’t stand?
What is a videogame that made you tear up during the endgame credits?
What’s a video game (non-mmo) that you constantly go back to playing?
What's the funniest porn comment you've ever seen?
What did you firmly believe before you heard another person's perspective?
How would you describe the custom of Thanksgiving to a foreigner who has no knowledge of the tradition?
What is a seemingly small screw up that had major real world consequences?
You just found out you have only 24 hours more to live, what are the last things you will do before dying?
What is the name of your favorite bird?
People who were arrested due to mistaken identity what happened?
What's the worst chat up line that you've seen someone use in real life?
What is something you miss about how the world used to be?
What ingredient instantly makes a dish better, that's not a spice or condiment?
While not the smartest thing to do, where does calling an officer of the law a cock sucker stand legally speaking?
Redditors who work boring jobs, what do you listen to that helps make the day go by faster?
What tv series would have been better with less seasons?
What is one of your favourite movies which you like but it has low rating/people don't know it or think lowly of it?
What are some good Halloween costume ideas?
Married Men over 30 how much porn do you watch per week?
What to do if a twitter account got suspended?
Assuming we all have a quota of 300 hours of sex in our lifetime, what percentage of it have you used up so far?
After the great success of models "penis" and "vagina", you get the power from god to design a third type of genital. What would it look like and how would it work?
Which hobby brings more benefits to the brain, drawing or writing?
Which language is the most strenuous to write and which is easiest?
What’s your favourite dinosaur? Why?
What is the coolest line delivered right before someone is murdered in all of film and Tv?
How have you seen people mourn, grieve, or pay tribute to someone who has died in a video game? Do you think it can be meaningful?
What is cultural appropriation?
[serious] when did a feeling of “we need to leave now” turn out to be right?
What is the best tips to study in a dorm ?
What's something people expected you to know or do that you didn't know anything about?
What's the weirdest/creepiest experience you've had with an Alexa?
Have you ever been betrayed by a friend? What’s your story?
Which game do you like?
If someone without a mask came up to you and spat on you, what would you do?
What is your take on all this Instagram or TikTok bs of oh if you believe in yourself you be the CEO of your own company in 3 years with hard work, dedication, and desire?
What’s the worst response you’ve given when someone told you they loved you?
What Movie or TV Show that is not part of a "scary" genre like Horror actually scared you the most?
[Serious] what is the most disturbing encounter you’ve had with another person?
When have you seen someone embarrass themselves trying to be smart?
We all know ladybugs, what would a mr bug look like?
To people who grew up without a mother, how did it affect you?
What was the most important thing you taught your kids?
How much can a pilot really see? They sit so low and the windows are small. Is it mostly instrument reading?
What is a lie that you told your parents when you were a child?
Have you ever had a moment where something just clicked, what was it?
Doctors/Clinicians: What’s your best “They don’t teach you this shit in med school” experience?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do, but never have?
What do you do to keep yourself busy?
Reddit from NYC how would feel if Lady Liberty went from green back to the copper color?
Folks from North Korea how is life over there?
What do you usally do when someone starts talking to you out of nowhere?
What is the greatest event in human history that almost happend?
What completely normal sentence becomes weird af when you add 😏 to the end of it?
What's the best response to "I hate you"?
What was your "I should not have said that" moment?
Frequent sperm donors, what’s it like knowing that you could have multiple biological children somewhere in the world?
Which is worse for a person who is commiting fraud? a person who is lying and taking advantage of a situation or a person who actually believes in what he/she is doing not knowing what he/she is doing is fraud?
You are a 3x gold medalist at the wankolympics whats your category?
Couples of Reddit, what was the moment you realized they were "the one"?
[Serious] How does someone with no social skills in college get to live life like in the movies and have fun?
What if restaurants serve customers who have ordered more food first (to maximize their revenue) instead of first-come first-serve?
Married Men over 30, how many times per week do you masterbate vs have sex?
What would you do if you could read minds for one single day of your choice?
What is the right amount of "chuggas" before "Choo choo"?
(Serious) People who should have stepped in to help a friend, what happened?
What’s your “that only happens in the movies” moment?
What is the best prank you've ever witnessed?
Biologists and animal lovers of reddit, what animals are more dangerous than we would know/expect them to be?
What's the weirdest thing someone has bribed you to Don?
People who've done DNA ancestry tests: What was the most shocking thing you discovered?
What's something wholesome you remember?
What is the worst thing a teacher said or did to you ?
For whatever reason, some albums never had a follow-up. What’s the best one-and-done album?
WHat do you think would be the cheapest "artisANAL" thing a person could make to sell to hipsters? (NSFW)
WHO DID THIS? Which one of you boosted monkeys blew up the Binance liquidity pool trying to sell all your bitcoin in 1 minute?
Sleepwalkers, what’s weirdest thing you’ve done on your sleep journey?
What are good fun free games on PC and some challenges to do while playing?!
What's your favourite remix song??
Your blind gf breaks up with you. What are the consequences of getting her back using a different voice?
Who’s your celebrity crush?
What happened to you IRL that was ‘stranger than fiction’ ?
What’s the most weird or useless gift you ever got from your work?
What is the biggest benefit marriage has on a society?
How often is "at times"?
What's the most obvious thing you didn't realized until someone pointed it out or told you?
In what ways do people portray that they are truly ignorant of their own racism?
What is your overall level of satisfaction with President Biden?
Adults, what are you lying to your parents about?
People who watch/watched porn and jerked off what makes you do it?
What screams “stinky pussy energy”?
what would you like to ask a person living under a dictatorship?
What is somthing people brag about, when they really shouldn't?
What TV show Or series suffered the most from an actor departing?
What’s your favorite traditional value?
Girls, what would you say to your partner if he told you that he would like you to have a threesome, either WMW or MWM. Would you like it? How would you act?
What's an unpopular drink that you like?
What are some good ways to tell whether someone said the word “circle” or the phrase “serk hole”?
[NSFW] What's a kink you thought you had until...?
What band names have interesting meanings or backstories that many people might not be aware of?
You're on your first date with a handsome doctor on Valentines day, you visited his mother at the hospital, she told you alone that she's actually his grandma and his sister is his mom, then she asked you to tell him so she can get to heaven before passing away seconds later. What do you do?
What is considered a competitive IB Grade for LSE?
Would you let your significant other stay friends with an ex? Why or why not?
If a famous quote were to have been said by Jar Jar Binks, what would the quote now be?
What is the number one thing you want to do on your bucket-list?
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen?
What was ruined because too many people started doing it?
has covid been mentioned or portrayed in media yet (think movies, games, shows, books, etc) if not how long will it take for it to appear in media?
What important scientific discoveries could be made if ignoring ethical limitations?
People who hate (not fear, just hate) cats: why?
How does one get over a panick attack?
What's good but inconsiderable in public at the same time?
What is the best and/or the worst alcoholic beverage you've had before?
What hill are you willing to die on, and why?
People who have had a relationship with an identical twin: were you ever attracted to the other twin?
If someone was going to murder you, which person do you think it would be?
Whats the best tv show to have on in the background? Why?
What is your best example of “By the time I realized it was a thing, it was over?”
Your best friend is a bee with an unnaturally long livespan, how would you smuggle him on the airplane to Kyrgystan where you will participate in an international bowling tournament?
What is a mess you have recently made but dread cleaning up?
What is something you consider normal that most people would consider crazy?
What can be done to restore peoples faith in the political process?
Good or bad, what is your country the best at?
What annoys the hell out of you, but has seemingly no effect on those around you?
What’s one thing you wish you did differently in the past?
How do you feel about letting pets outside and allowing them to "hunt" outside critters?
What’s a good breakfast sandwich to eat in the morning?
What are some good for lower skilled subreddit who want to improve their art mostly drawing?
What is something you do but think is weird?
[Serious] How did being spanked as a child effect you as an adult?
what are the things you done in the early morning?
What is NOT a red flag but always feels like one?
What fashion needs to make a comeback?
What is the most impressive picture you have ever seen?
Men who don’t wash their hands after using the bathroom, why??
What do you admire in a politician?
What’s your favorite thing to do on Thursday?
What brand are your glasses?
What is the best rainy day song?
What is the one thing you really regret doing /or not doing?
[Serious] How do you deal with college being less fun than high school?
How do you support your spouse in a deep depression stage?
Exterminators of Reddit, what are some of the worst infestations you've ever seen?
People of Reddit what’s a feel good story that can make the whole internet smile?
What is a way to properly cook, handle, use, eat, burn, taste, enjoy.. a coconut bought at a grocery store?
Writers of Reddit, what is your opinion on ZenWriter.app?
What do loners miss by not participating in group discussions?
[serious] People of reddit, what is one thing that makes you smile when you think about it?
What's something older generations do that you think you'll never do? What's something younger generations do that you don't understand?
When does something become too NSFW for you?
What's something you tried/had/ did as a joke but can't live with now?
What incident made you believe that the supernatural/ a higher power exists?
Redditors who went to a irl Reddit meet up what was it like?
What's the harshest insult you have given to someone due to how personal it was?
what's the coolest thing you've seen an otherwise normal person do?
For people that use a gym for exercise, why do you try to park as close to the door as possible?
What makes the best lunch on a cold, winters day?
What Android app streams offline/on lock Music which you dont need to download mp3?
What are some lesser known websites that people should check out?
People of Reddit what do you like most about your hometown?
Men who piss all over the toilet seat, why do you do it?
What do you do during your free time?
What’s the craziest coincidence you’ve ever heard of or experienced?
Who's that random chance encounter asshole that you still curse to this day, despite not knowing their name?
What's the best comeback you have come up with too late to use it?
What subreddit gives out the worst advice?
If a purchase is made and you sign a contract, but experience buyers remorse after, what method could be taken to cancel the transaction?
What is the smartest thing you've seen your pet do?
what person or event made the country you are in right now known?
How did you lose your virginity?
If your username was your criminal or prison nickname, what would have been your crime?
What is something good that is happening in your life right now?
How would you hide 3 tonnes of butter from the FBI?
What is the biggest lesson you have learned from a fictional form of media?
[NSFW] How was your first sex experience??
Hole punch or notch, and why?
What do you think is going on (some kind of new scam) on on Reddit, since people get mentioned by bot-looking lady on her post with dodgy website and mentions of people are non-stop changing on the comment?
What is that one moment when you thought "I have to run"?
what is the dumbest thing the 'smart kid' has ever said?
What are the general functions of each button on a game controller?
Motor enthusiasts of Reddit, what are some simple, everyday ways someone can care for their car to boost its performance and increase its lifespan?
What's a crossover between fictional media that you would like to see?
What is something that Hollywood gets wrong/over-exaggerates about your occupation?
Teachers of Reddit what is one thing that all intelligent students have in common?
Have you ever had a dream where you were something other than human? What was it?
What's the funniest thing you've ever said or done?
What is the most disgusting thing you do typically in private that you would never let anyone else ever know?
What part of history textbooks will be “condensed” to make room for 2021/2021?
It's only 2 months until Christmas! What have you done to prepare?
What does a sensible person do when they have more money going out than coming in??
Gamers of Reddit, what are some cool unique hobbies you’ve picked up to give your eyes a break from the screen?
What is the worst customer experience you’ve ever had?
What where some of your funny birthday experiences?
What’s the most interesting/funny news title you’ve ever seen?
What is that one thing that you refuse to give up no matter what before achieving?!
What are your thoughts on people who Swear/Curse a lot?
What are some good horror movies to watch during spooky season with your so?
If you were the jigsaw killer, what traps would you make?
To the people that have (had) ‘friends with benefits’, what’s it like?
What is your greatest roast?
If you were to make a book collection, or be part of a team to make one, what books would you want added?
What would you do (off the top of your head) or, say even, to someone that makes them feel more comfortable in a difficult situation?
What is a controversial issue or situation that is awkward or unpleasant to deal with??
What one bodily feature makes you different to everyone else?
What makes lotr interesting for the wise, intelligent and business minded people ?
People of Reddit what’s one thing so crazy it was funny?
What is the name for those things that pull on a person's balls?
How didya beat procastination or just being lazy?
Squirrels suddenly start going after male genitalia instead of conventional "nuts", how do you protect yourself from their vicious claws?
What is the friendliest subreddit to join?
How was your day today?
What's the best piece of advice you could give to your younger self?
What is the single best decision you've ever made?
What is wrong with these questions?
Marvel fans, what’s your opinion on Harry Styles entering the MCU if it were to happen?
What’s a fear you have that (almost) nobody knows?
[NSFW] What’s the best way to “prop up” an iPad while jerking off to pov vids in bed?
Why not try Google-searching for factual answers, before posting here?
What is your idea of a Squid Game?
Whats your favorite non-sexual kind of roadkill?
Manga readers of reddit, what's your favourite manga?
Why do you think we’re living in a simulation?
People of reddit what are some of your worst Halloween experiences?
You gain the ability to poop with so much force you can shoot it about 18 feet into the air, how will you make money from this ability?
What screams "I'm poor but I pretend to be rich"?
When someone says they’re going to have a “mental breakdown” what does that mean actually?
What's the worst date you ever been on?
What did you once hate about your body that you've finally more or less made peace with?
Those who survived attempted murder, what is your story?
What is the most toxic advice given to young people when it comes to dating?
What you think will happen in the future that makes you think "I hope I don't live that long"?
Men of Reddit, what do you think of women with the “kawaii e-girl” aesthetic who often do cosplay? Do you find them attractive? Would you date them long term?
If you could air any TV show 30 years before its intended debut, what would the people of the past think about it?
What can cause men and women to get along better?
What is the strangest food you eat on a regular basis?
What were you like before you used Reddit?
What takeaway could you eat every night of the week and not get at all sick of it?
What thing has interested you to learn but you don't find interesting information and end up leaving it?
Whats something funny someone said in the woods?
What are some last minute date ideas that turned out to be great? And the terrible ones?
What do you think you in 10 years time would want to go back and tell you in 5 years time?
What is something your parents, or family members, did/said/enforced that you thought was common place as a child, but now as an adult you realize is totally messed up?
What you wanted to become as a kid vs. What job you do now?
How did you dig your way out of poverty?
Your parents are having a huge fight at home, and you suddenly arrive with your friend, which surprisingly doesn't stop them. On a scale of 1-10 how embarrassing is it for you/what are you most embarrassed about?
How do you get yourself motivated for sport or living healthy?
What experiences should you have before getting married?
How is it possible that the world has not seen Gabby’s nudes yet?
What’s a great song that’s under 2 minutes long?
People who make long blocks of text without using paragraphs, what the hell are you thinking?
What’s your perfect day off?
How did you find meaning and purpose of your life?
What's the absolute perfect life mode in your opinion?
What is the weirdest thing that has ever happened to your body?
Bi-racial people of the world, What do you choose when asked "race/ethnicity" on a form?
What's the meaning of life?
What's an actually good lifehack that you use in your daily life?
What are you looking for when you post a post about wanting to chat?
What Screams "Roast Beef Pussy" Energy?
What is one thing an ex did during sexy time, that still sticks with you?
How would you change your life if scientists were able to prove we are in fact living in a simulated reality ?
What are the most annoying types of drivers?
What are some of your favorite Spooky video game songs?
What tv show has your favorite theme song?
Do we know, how much we know?
What invention are you most grateful for?
What is worse being given the death penalty or spending life in a maximum security prison ?
What made you start enjoying life again?
At which age were u the loneliest?
So reddit what's your sex song/album?
What did your worst boss do that was so bad?
What made people think you liked someone?
What did you see that you would like to forget?
People of Vermont, what do you love/hate about your state?
Does height really matter when chosing partner as women ? If it is what would be your lower limit ?
"Don't stick your dick in crazy": those of you who did, how was it? What happened afterwards? Was it worth it?
What's a pokemon name you mispronounce according to everyone else, but refuse to conform?
You survived COVID-19. What were your symptoms and how long did it take you to recover?
What's your comfort object you sleep with every night?
Would you ever tell your worst enemies mother who is dead “I hope you join your mother in the grave” depending on your answer why or why not?
Which is your favourite post from a story style sub (AITA/TIFU/etc) that was so obviously fake?
What would make a great pizza topping that nobody has thought of yet?
Americans, how happy are you right now living under a corporate authoritarian society?
What is the best rumor someone ever started about you?
[Serious] what are some TRUE stories, historically or personal, about someone who lost themselves to Madness after losing a loved one?
What is your 2021 video game recommendation of the year?
What’s the best tasting leftovers in your opinion?
Dog owners, if applicable, what motivates you to throw your dog poop in a neighbors trash and not your own?
Smart people of Reddit, what's the most annoying thing about being smart?
What don‘t you have but you think you deserve right now?
What's your favorite superhero movie (No MCU or TDK)?
What's a song lyric you changed in your head and always hear it that way now?
What is the “bullet” you could have dodged but failed to?
What’s the earliest memory you have from childhood?
It’s the year 2010. What’s that thing in your life that has not yet happened?
What helpful phrase or question did/do you hear frequently from your parent or grandparent?
People who seriously tried to start a new company, putting in 110%, but crash & burned: What happened? would you try it again?
People who repost old top posts: WHY!?
Which person's life deserves to be made into a movie ?
[Serious] What do you truly desire ?
Are you like pet ! What is your Favourite pet Name ?
If sign language became everyone’s first language and native tongue, how would life change?
what is a thing you did as a teenager that makes you cringe?
What good person doesn’t get enough credit?
What is something in your life that you fully recognize is a minor inconvenience, but that irritates you to your core?
What’s a movie considered bad but you love because of nostalgia?
What’s the worst you’ve been ripped off?
What was your "so THATS why that rule exists" moment?
What if? - Harry Potter edition - What if the sorting hat decided to put Harry in Slytherin, how would the narrative have changed?
Now that the final Smash Ultimate character has been announced... Who would you have wanted in the game?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever gotten in trouble at work for?
What corporation do you work for, how long have you been employed there, and what is your pay?
As a woman: what about a man makes you oddly horny?
What's the hardest problem you've faced in your career and how did you solve it?
People in their 30s, what brilliant life advice would you give to people in their 20s?
How does your child torture you?
What's something that other people find cute but you cannot stand?
Doctors of reddit, what's the sensation you feel whenever your entire nervous system for lack of a better term "pulses". Similar to the feeling when your body jolts you awake from nightmares?
Assuming Spotify or Apple music had a comment section, what would be the first song you would comment under and what would your comment be?
What food do you hate that most people love?
What is the worst teacher your have ever come across and why (not only in a school context)?
your last google search will be the way you die. How will you die?
What is the most interesting, true fact that blew your mind?
What’s the fakest fact about yourself?
What are the worst ways to explain some of the simplest things ever?
How do you stop yourself from procrastinating?
How do you practice self care on a 'no-bones' day?
We covered what bullets you’ve dodged in life. What bullets hit you between the eyes?
How much are you looking forward to your first colonoscopy?
Reddit - what is the most important thing in life to you?
If rules are fixed, then why do loopholes and exceptions exist?
God visits you in the middle of the night and offers to answer one question about anything you want, what do you ask?
If you where given £5 billion to to prepare for a zombie apocalypse only you know it’s going to happen and you can’t prevent it what would your buy?
What delicious food should everyone try at least once in their life?
What is something that is sexier than it has any right to be?
What goes through your mind once you realize we worry or focus on the most trivial and emptiest aspects of life?
What instantly makes you feel super nostalgic for your childhood?
What actor/actress do you think doesn’t have as big of a career because they’re a jerk behind the scenes?
What makes some say submitting to your bully is a better option than to retaliate back despite they are harming you why?
What was the best gift your partner gave you?
If you could choose anyone in history to be your roommate for a week, who would it be? And why?
What’s your favourite thing about anime?
What is a good office chair you recommend?
Who is one celebrity that everyone thinks is attractive but you think isn’t?
What are some lesser known hobbies which can be really interesting?
What is the most cringeworthy Christian song you have ever heard?
What have you been a witness to and nobody believed you?
What's an amazing app you found that not a lot of people know about and what does it do?
How would you display a page of subscribed channels after the button is moved to a new location recently?
Where would you prefer to be right now?
be honest... what is your shower routine?
What would you do if you woke up as an elephant?
What seat do you choose on a flight to minimize the chance of someone sitting next to you?
People of Reddit what’s your favourite type of bread?
What's a word or name you mispronounced for years before realizing it?
We all know about Great Britain. What’s Terrible Britain like?
What is your favourite Urban Dictionary definition?
How do you like to drink your vodka?
When is an acceptable time to start celebrating Christmas?
What did you buy only for it to get ruined the next day?
How do you imagine life 1000 years from now?
What is the most random thing you masturbated to ?
What is your SO obsessed with that drives you crazy?
What are your favorite, easy meals to make from scratch?
What is a counterintuitive STEM concept that you know about?
What’s a bullet you didn’t dodge but turned out to be a blessing in disguise?
Psychiatric workers of Reddit what is the scariest thing you’ve seen?
What is a prevailing thought on reddit that you rarely encounter in the outside world?
What was life like growing up in the 70s/80s?
Which well known "mysterys" were finally solved (or likely solved) by the simplest or most obvious solutions?
Mid 30s of Reddit : Have your taste in music changed substantially from when you were in mid 20s?
What does Your Family & Friends Say is Your Best Personalty Feature?
What would you do if Keanu Reeves just randomly walked into your home and started making a sandwhich?
What is a statistic that we'll never get an accurate number on ?
Who’s your favorite leader from your country?
What's your favorite kind of sandwich?
What creepy thing has been romanticized to much?
If you had a time machine, what would you go see/do?
People talking on the phone, on speaker and holding it a foot away from your face while in public, why do you do that?
What event did completely ruin someone's reputation?
What subreddit do you dislike/hate the most? And which ones do you love/like the most?
What are some great songs that have stupid names?
What is something that makes you instantly dislike someone?
What is you opinion about an apartment complex where each apartment has its own washer and dryer and the tenant gets charged $50 a month to have access to them.... otherwise if you don't agree to it.... the door to the alcove they are in is locked so the tenant cannot access/use them?
What ideas would you come up with for a music video for your countries national anthem?
What was your most memorable interaction with a neighbor?
What is a slightly weird job you'd only find in a Hallmark movie?
What's the most gross thing you've ever seen?
How does one get their stomach to stop rumbling nonstop?
Why come when if when did you fall asleep then you waked up there for to no more night time?
What's the most overrated fast food chain?
Americans of Reddit, what is an european thing you really wish there was in the US, too?
What's the best jingle for a pet store that also a supermarket?
What is your favorite video game ROM hack?
What is a terrible song that ruins an otherwise good album?
What was your experience with allergy shots?
What’s the craziest thing that happened at school the day you missed it?
In a single sentence, what is the best learnings you got from therapy?
Wankers of reddit, what is your least proud fap?
What is the most simple life lesson most have not learned?
Programmers of Reddit, whats a tip you wished you knew when you took up programming?
People of Reddit how come people use dvds over blu-ray?
What is considered flirting ?
What screams "big dick energy"?
What were you doing in 2015?
What are your state's homecoming traditions? Have you ever heard of homecoming mums, or is that purely a Texas thing?
Which one is a better saying between "Live long and prosper" and "May the odds be ever in your favor"?
What will the world be like in 30 years?
From someone who has recently experienced this, what is the worst time a family member has betrayed you?
What was your feeling when you realized that you were with the wrong partner?
Women of reddit, how do you take out a tampon without it swinging in every direction and hitting your hand, leg,… once the final part leaves your body?
How did you power through your worst breakup?
What is the BEST word ever?
Your username is the way you are going to die. How screwed are you?
People who voted for Joe Biden just because he wasn't Trump, what do you think of Biden now?
Which messenger is the best to create a group chat, for people from different countries to talk about cultural differences/ cultural fun facts i.e. cultural exchange?
What 10/10 food have you tasted in other another country that you can’t find the same quality in your own?
What’s a lesson your ex taught you?
People who don't wear (correctly or at all) masks in public transport : why ?
If reddit was a country,what would it be like?
What has been the biggest barrier for you to find a truly good mentor as a professional adult?
What purchase has brought you the most happiness?
Where does the phrase “girls want bad boys” come from?
What is something you find normal but this generation finds it very offensive?
What’s your worst experience with road rage?
What's the worst thing that has ever happened to you in school?
People who have been diagnosed as ‘psychopaths’, what’s the most frustrating misconception people have about you and/or the condition?
When did you think you dodged a bullet, but actually was a false alarm?
What's the worst thing that could happen to you?
How do you keep conversations going ?
What is probably the best snack ever?
[Serious] How do you deal with rejection?
What reminded you that there is still good in this world?
What movies will never get old?
What type of conditions sounds fake but is real?
People who used to be skeptics but now believe in ghosts/ The paranormal, what happened to change your mind?
What's the worst bit of advice that you ever gave somebody when you were really trying to help them?
What ethnicity are you?
Paranoids of Reddit, who is watching you?
Anyone got any recommendations? Feel ancient asking for this, but there's this style of music that's not really hip hop. It's a bit more underground, but not quite grime. Don't know what to look for?
What are your top ten list of most evil companies?
What was something you saw in your dream (that you never saw before) that turned out to be real?
What is the worst disease that most people don't know about?
What are some hidden gem subreddits with great content to read?
If all sound on earth were to suddenly be double their volume how would they effect life on earth? What would be the worst thing to hear?
What non-cliché (non Squid Games, etc.) Halloween costume will you wear this year?
What is the best album you have discovered recently?
How can help for votes be obtained?
[Serious] What is something that has happened to you that was a “coincidence” but you think it might not be?
What will be the biggest government conspiracy of 2022?
What was your first responsibility?
What would be a good gift for a old piano teacher that loved playing but can’t anymore due to age and being sick?
What are you guys eating for lunch?
People who have no interest in visiting other countries why?
When was the last time you fell down and why?
What's the first thing you bought for yourself with your first salary?
What’s your favorite song from The Beatles?
[Serious] What moment or event changed your life?
How are you everyone?
Goodwill/thrift store employees, what is the oddest or creepiest donated item you’ve come across?
What TikTok topic or trend is stuck in your FYP that's driving you crazy and you can't seem to get rid no matter what you do?
What can you say regarding two separate, unrelated events, places, or individuals?
What is a popular trope that you've never seen an actual example of?
People of Reddit what’s your first experience with a vaginal cavity?
What makes you instantly dislike someone even if you don’t really know them?
What video game was so difficult or rage-inducing that you refuse to play it again?
What do we have to do to be a happy -go-lucky person?
Teachers always say "There are no stupid questions." But what was the most stupid question you've heard someone ask a Teacher?
What's your opinion on video essays and video essay channels on Youtube?
[Serious] How do you work with a person who grinds on your soul and actually turn it into a positive situation?
In your opinion, do you need the people you love? Which people do you need?
what experiment would you do if you were a mad scientist?
Which person has taught you the best lesson of life?
What app is so good, you can’t believe it’s free?
What do you like and not like about your generation?
It is the November of 2019, and you’re notified that there will be 2 year pandemic. What’s the first thing you’ll do?
What is your favourite game on pc?
What's your favorite quote by a fictional character?
What’s your proudest moment?
Mechanics of Reddit: What are some things you've seen people do to take advantage of a naive driver?
What are the worst times you've barfed in front of a large group of people?
What have you got and use everyday but still looks new?
What are your tips for making life more convenient?
Non-confrontational people, what was a situation that made you lose your shit for the first time??
How much are you willing to pay hackers to stop them from revealing your search history?
How do you earn money?
To former or current car salesmen or women… What are some shady tricks/techniques that are practiced or encouraged?
What item or experience is a gateway drug without being an actual drug?
You have to pick a gauntlet of 3 celebrities to box if you beat all 3 you get all the money in the world what 3 celebrities do you choose?
Which film changed your perception on life?
[SERIOUS] To the Ladies of reddit, what precautions do you take when you know you're gonna be out late?
What is the dumbest line of work in existence?
what is the strangest physics fact you know?
An employee asked their boss for a pay rise two months ago, the boss agreed to it & acknowledged it was earned. However the boss still hasn't given the employee an actual figure & keeps putting the actual process off until 'next week'. Should the employee confront their boss? If so, why?
How much did you spend on your last vacation?
Teachers, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve heard a student say in the halls?
People from (formerly) colonized countries, how do you feel about your colonizing nation?
Who is your favorite actor of all time?
When opening a new pack of gum do you pick from the left, middle, right stack first?
What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?
Which innovation has had the biggest impact on the world?
What NSFW thing happened on Halloween?
What is something you do with absolutely no malicious intent, but still feel guilty about?
What celebrity would you choose as your prison cell mate for 1 year?
What is something that seems easy but is actually impossible?
What's the most expensive impulse buy you've ever made?
Dear Reddit, how would you define maturity in a person?
What could be the most talked about news in America right now, what do you think?
Have you ever known someone who was genuinely superficial or shallow, and what made you realize they truly lacked depth?
What is the scariest thing that's ever happened to you?
What’s something that you believe will happen in the future, but everyone else thinks won’t?
How would you rank the Presidents since Reagan, including Reagan and why?
If you woke up with a billion dollars in your bank account, what would you do first?
Los Angeles locals, how early should you get to lax for a 6 am flight?
What’s the creepiest mystery you know about?
What would we do if life was a piece of cake? Would we run out of cake Lol?
A rap mixtape is being released called "Big Epididymis Music. What type of lines do you expect to hear on this mixtape?
What helps you to forget that you’re alone?
[serious] people of Reddit what happend to the person you lost your virginity to?
Old people of reddit, how much does beauty matter after you hit 40?
What will the world be like in 2030?
What location would you consider to be Heaven/Hell on Earth?
If you could have one non-financial, victimless wish granted, what would you wish for?
What's a silly taboo in your society/culture?
Sadboi of Reddit, when was the last time you've cried and why?
How have you dealt with an annoying/lazy coworker?
What’s the most childish thing you enjoy?
What was your favourite TV show of 2021?
what are the best subreddit that provide us with also about things that are free from books to hacks what are they ?
Who’s a comedian you would love to interview?
When watching a movie in a theater or with a group, what joke were you the only one to get?
What iconic line from a book, movie, show or game do you despise?
Fast food employees of reddit, what are some secret items not listed on the menu that people can order?
What happened to water beds?
It’s 50 years from now, your grandkids gather around you and they ask you to tell them about the pandemic. What’s the first story you tell them?
You approach the counter and say "the usual" in a confident tone. What does the clerk bring you afterwards?
What conspiracy theory, if proven to be actually true, would make you question everything you believe?
What is your story of shamelessly flirting to get free stuff?
If one where to purchase a spoon, one that was comically large perhaps, where could one purchase it?
What is better then animals?
James bond commercial. What’s in the martini? Eggs, ice, or other?
Whenever anyone says bless you to a cough, it’s received with animosity. Why? What are you supposed to say if not bless you?
What screams insecurities a person has?
What's a silly lie you were told as a child??
How did you choose your pet's name?
Why do you hate Reddit?
Couples of reddit. What do you do when you're watching a movie and a sex scene shows up?
What's something you did, that you wish you didn't do?
What is an unbelievable story that actually happened to you?
What is the one thing you want to do before you die?
What are your top 3 favourite books of all time?
Redditors who have lost their virginity what was it like?
Why are you horny ?
Fellow poeple of Reddit, what are some things that you do that bring you joy?
How do adults make new friends?
Former progressives, what made you change your views and how do you view them now?
What's the scariest thing you ever saw?
If you ever cheated, how did you feel afterwards?
If you were a bot who recently became self aware and you've been spending a lot of time on AskReddit learning about humanity, what question would you ask to glean the most useful knowledge about the human experience?
An alien is trying to contact you, what do you do?
What is the most commented post on reddit?
Women, how can you tell a guy is virgin prior going to bed with him ?
What’s the craziest invention people don’t know about?
What is something they don't teach you in history class?
What was the last movie you watched from a DVD?
Hey reddit, what do you think the purpose of existence is?
What's the worst thing you've seen or experienced at a buffet ?
What advice you can give to someone who’s starting adulthood ?
US Mail carriers of Reddit. How is the daily switch from driving on the left side to driving on the right side and back effect you?
What is your favorite comic book storyline?
How can American's working class crush capitalism?
Looking back over your life so far, What’s the best thing that never happen?
Which song will never leave your Top 10 list?
What’s the weirdest superstition from your country?
Where would you hide, if aliens are coming tomorrow to capture the world?
What are your views on dating a guy with severe acne?
What's the cringiest thing you've done for a crush?
What are your thoughts on Andrew Yang's 3rd party?
What’s a movie franchise that was ruined by a pointless sequel?
Are you in favor of a 4 days work week? Why/Why not?
What would you do,if one of your most trusted partners/friends backstabbed and betrayed you for a crime you didn't commit?
What's some music for walking with your dog through the pouring rain in the forest?
what is the weirdest and or creepiest thing you’ve seen while walking through a forest?
What is the one block, neighborhood, or house that is most notorious in your area?
the snail is right behind you. quickly what do you do?
what's the most underrated thing people still don't know about?
Smokers of reddit, when did you start smoking and why?
What's a piece of advice you've received that has changed your life?
when was a time where you were 99.9% sure about something & turned out to be wrong ?
What’s your morning routine?
Redditors who found amazing partners/SOs online, how the hell did you do it?
What’s the funniest thing Siri has said from your Apple Watch during sex without your prompting ?
What are some of the best non - triggering simple movies like Napoleon Dynamite?
What gets you through each day?
What is the ultimate comfort food?
What would be the worst possible activity to shit your pants during?
Why should one drink coffee in the winter?
What's the best joke you've ever heard?
What things would you steal that will mildly inconvenience your enemy?
What do you regret not doing?
What song always gets you out on the dance floor?
What do you think of an online foreign guy who knows you for 9 days and suddenly on his way to meet you even tho both are from different countries?
What are you doing at this moment...in another universe?
For those of you that have parents that wrestle a lot, how do you sleep through it or avoid the smell?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What are your hobbies?
What are the rules of this subreddit?
What would happen if there was a limit to how much money you could accumulate as an individual?
What if Jesus is Christian and God is Jewish? Old and New Testament?
What's one thing you want to teach your kid(s)?
Which song has to be on a playlist for a halloween party?
In what order do you wash your body when taking a shower?
What was general Grant doing on the thermostat?
Homeowners (preferably, but not necessarily, in the US): when you got your first home, what was the one thing that, in hindsight, you're happiest you did to / with your house - or something you initially wanted to do but are glad you didn't?
Have you ever thought about what your wishes are if you got really sick, how far would you let medical science go to keep you alive?
What is something that can't be Taught but only Learned with Age?
What’s a creative/unique way to commit murder?
What do you think about the amount of pornography on Reddit?
If redditors were brutally honest politicians, what would be your most burning question to ask them?
What is your go to breakfast option?
What was the worst class you've taken in school?
What is your best edibles experience?
What positive facts do you know or have recently learned about the world?
What do you think about Japanese Culture?
What item could you not live without?
What are the strange tendencies that you have or do that makes you consider yourself as reincarnated?
What’s a piece of advice that helped you the most?
Which villain from a game/movie had the best motive?
What's an idiom that you just couldn't understand?
What’s a minor life inconvenience that drives you crazy?
What is the best way to deal with an unexpected breakup?
What are some dumb reasons to get friendzoned?
How can a past simp redeem themselves?
If crime was legal for 24 hours, what are you doing?
What are the benefits of drinking an instant turmeric latte?
Cleaners or Reddit, what's your worst job you has to complete?
What are some apps that you cant live without?
People who strongly aspired to be famous, rich & successful but failed, what made you settle down?
What old movie or show did you finally watch and ended up really liking?
How old were u when u pooped the first time?
[Serious] How did you choose your college major?
Your mouth now tastes like 2nd last thing you ate. What does it taste like now?
Which is the oldest Reddit account that's still active?
What is the first conspiracy theory that you can make up after reading this post?
Which celebrity should've been canceled by now but haven't?
What do you think about people saying “Taxation is theft”?
What is your Halloween Costume this year?
What are the saddest cut scenes in video games?
What's your least favourite stereotype about your country?
What celebrity was noticeably under the influence of drugs or alcohol during a scene where intoxication was not intended or not the underlying theme of the part?
What are some adorable things your dog likes to do lately?
How could being born rich and wealthy (top 1%) be a disadvantage?
What the hell is going on in the "Desert Rose" song? what does it all mean!?
What’s the best thing you’ve ever eaten?
What are some recipes for hot turmeric lattes?
What if a portal opened between the US and Hong Kong after Hong Kong got surrounded by a strong force field that can't be removed? How would the world react?
What's the most hurtful thing someone has ever told you unintentionally?
What is your favorite Troma movie?
What is the best joke you know?
If you are gifting someone money for a wedding or birthday, how much do you think is socially acceptable to give them in 2021?
if you could excel in a career, no matter how difficult it would be, what would it be?
[serious] Why do people like to watch real gore?
[Serious] To you, what is the most effective way to defuse a fight?
What hobby says,"she probably doesn't have a boyfriend"?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
What's your take on crypto being the new-gen currency to be adopted by the world government?
What is the weirdest thing you've been accused of and why?
What's the worst criticism you've heard for something you like?
Which act (oral, anal or vaginal) would you choose for the rest of your life and why?
What is meant by turmeric latte or turmeric milk?
People who switched to showering cold (daily): What changed? How does it affect your life?
What would You do if It's Halloween and some Random Kids knocked on your door and pulled out an Airsoft Gun then said "Trick"?
If you could own any costume, what would it be?
People who wear Ear Tunnels / Plugs, which type / colour do you thinks attractive?
if you could go back in time, what would you change in your life?
what is your most prized posession? why?
What's the most important lesson you learned in your life?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What's the last book you finished?
Redditors how did you deal with/accept difficult truths about yourself?
You have one wish that will come true, what is your wish?
If you could get whatever meal you want from whatever place you want, what you gonna get?
What have you seen someone do that was both funny and concerning?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be ?
Why did he/she break up with you? Was that your fault?
If you could be really good, like an expert, in one specific activity, what would that activity it be ?
What does this world need more of?
What’s the best thing to wear in bed when going to sleep and why?
What is your opinion on Bitcoin?
What is your “that one time on the bus/subway” story?
Coupon clippers of Reddit, what advice can you give for newbies to make huge dents in grocery bills?
If religion were to end. what would be the worst negative side effect on society?
What's the buffalo solider song all about?
What is your “remember that one time that weird kid from High School” story?
What film would you like Denis Villeneuve to do next?
What the ef happened to all the aliens we were promised back in June?
Had a question why people in movies etc. rub cocaine on their teeth/gums mean yeah to identify if its coke or not but like is there a certain feeling, taste? If its a taste why not directly on the tongue?
How do you aim your throws?
What are your favorite South Park quotes?
What reduced the quality of your life you wished you didn't start at all?
What would it take for you to check out a YouTube Channel that uploads thousands of product launch videos from big companies?
If you could have any superpower, which one would you want and why?
What is your favourite song right now??
What is the funniest word u know??
Do you belive in luck.Why or why not?
What diagnosis or explanation can be given for randomly having a small swelling underneath the eye lid but then it mostly going away once a warm cloth applied on it for a few minutes?
What would you do differently if nobody would judge you?
For people who felt your life wasn't going anywhere but you eventually found a way out of that, what was it?
If you found out an asteroid was coming and you had 8 months to live, what would you do?
Which one is worst: being lost at sea, lost in the jungle or lost in the desert?
Bisexuals, what are some unexpected perks of dating someone of the same gender?
Should schools have a mandatory mma fight class with matches to stop bullying, why or why not?
Whos an artist or a band you thought would make it, but instead dissapeared?
how did you stop obsessing and worrying about what will happen in the future?
All you smooth criminals of Reddit, how to ask for money as a wedding gift without asking for it?
Redditors who would 'take a bullet for your country', why are you afraid of a needle?
What are the tell-tale signs that you’re in love with someone?
What gift can you give to a lady friend besides chocolate and flowers?
What will you do if you have to either fight micheal meyers or play a game(saw edition)?
What was something you thought was going to be awesome, but ended up totally not?
How much is too much for a large pizza?
What's the best way to overcome your fears?
Serious, What are your thoughts on Dave Chappelle new Netflix special?
What would happen if marriage was a contract that you can review and renewed every 5 years?
If a certain country is nuked, what are the chances of nuclear winter happening on only that particular country?
Right Wingers of reddit, what would you say your most Left leaning opinion is?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened to you? Or have a true horror story experience they’re willing to share?
Which country produces the best coffee in the world?
What joke have you heard that shouldn't be funny but made you laugh?
Couples of Reddit, have you ever had roommates? If so, how was the experience?
What is going to a social event like for someone without social anxiety?
What motivated you to lose weight?
People of Reddit what fate for you is worse than death ?
Fellow American patriots of reddit, how do you clean the patriotic love stains from your Trump-waifu body pillow? Any specific product?
When was the last time you called someone a bitch?
What's the world's most forgotten retcon?
Whats the stupidest way you or someone you know has broken a phone?
What would be your absolute breaking point?
How'd reciprocate being clingy, dependent and jealous?
What was your first job?
What are the best and most calm and cool countries to live in?
You’re offered $10 billion, but you can never buy/drink alcohol again. If no, then why ?
What do you think is better having kids or investing all the money that would be used on them? Why?
Whats your favorite horror movie?
What is the best way to cook an egg?
What are the top rules of your life?
What iPhone 13 model is going to sell the least?
How much coffee is too much coffee?
People who steal memes and post them on Reddit as your own, why?
What is your rap name?
Have you ever wondered which of these is the right one: Bing or bong?
Right Wingers of reddit, who is the best Center Forward you've played with?
Who or what ruined your life?
You are exiting the bus / subway and you see that a person has just stolen a wallet, but the victim has not noticed, what do you do?
What's the most positive thing in your life right now?
What’s a world record that a women beat a man in, what was it?
If everyone ELSE became the opposite sex for a day, what would you do?
Which celebrity do you hate, depending on their role?
What is an underrated piece of clothing?
What are stuff that a lot of people seem to believe in but you just can’t?
What joke have you told that has changed your understanding of the person/people you told it to?
How much would u pay for a tshirt on average?
French people of Reddit living in the U.S, would it be offensive to dress up as a French stereotype wearing a stripped shirt and a beret for Halloween, why or why not?
people who left from a third world country to a first world country as an adult what are the biggest changes that happened in your life , positive and negative ... ?
What president would you not be surprised to find out was a traitor?
Throughout history including now, which country was the best Super Power for all the people of the world, why?
Ex nail-biters of reddit, what helped you stop biting your nails?
What's something from your childhood that'll tell everyone how old you are, without using your age?
Guys who regret after a nut, why?
what’s considered a late time to go to bed?
What Co-worker do you still not miss even though its been years since you saw them?
What did you think of the new Dune movie?
If everyone randomly got the same superpower, what would you want it to be?
What's the biggest surprise you've received?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've pleased yourself to?
If you had to assign a superlative to each of the United States, what would some of them be?
what's the most c2V4eQ== c2V4 you've ever had with a V29tYW4= 😂😂 ?
What movie/movies do you think would’ve been better if they were rated R?
If you have. How far have you been underwater?
What sounds like a first world problem but actually isn't ?
What’s your favorite Kanye song and why?
What is your go-to GIF?
What if a giant force field appeared m around Hong Kong and a portal between it and South Korea opened? How would the world react and what will the Hong Kong people do after they defeat the Chinese occupying force?
How does bullying look different in adulthood?
Why are you still single?
What positive thing(s) have you done for yourself in the past week?
What’s something about yourself that you think is sad that people around you have never noticed??
What’s the world’s greatest country?
What do you think is the most useless career that humanity can do without?
What would you do if you died and came back as a rock?
What unpopular food opinion do you stand by?
[Serious] What’s a good stable career for someone who would like to have a large family?
Your father just accidently sent you a dick pic, apologizes and say it was for your mother. You need to make a funny joke about it. what is your reply?
If you have to buy a new phone today, which one would it be?
Right wingers of reddit, what would you say is your most left leaning view points?
What game gives you nostalgia, even thou you never played the game before?
Which is the most scariest movie y'all have ever watched?
How old is to old to trick or treat?
How would you deal with a coworker who doesn't like you and talks trash behind your back?
What was something you got banned from your school?
What is your biggest fear about life ahead?
Redditors who consider themselves to be moderately attractive, what is it like?
Who are the notable NPCs in your life?
Retail workers, what is the worst experience you have had with a customer/guest?
What are your thoughts on Moira Rose from Schitt’s Creek?
[Serious]How do you find passion when NOTHING interests you?
What is the best comeback for someone sarcastically saying "good job" and then claps?
What wedding moment made you think: “They are not going to last long”?
You have 30 minutes to break as many laws as possible, what do you do?
What are your thoughts about the Dave Chappelle controversy?
If you had to invent a new sex position, what would it be called?
If someone only saw your Spotify or Netflix accounts, who would they think you are?
If you’re under 21 what are you lookin forward to lose in life?
So if someone can say they were born in the year 2000, what will it be like for human who’s born in the year 4000?
What are you least looking forward to in life?
People whose parents are their employers, how emancipated from them do you feel? How do you talk work with them?
Conservatives of reddit, what is your most left-leaning opinion?
What song do you want played at your funeral?
How do you like your hotdog cooked? Boiled, fried, bbqed, steamed, etc?
People who're generally good at landing pay raises, what is your advice?
What's very common in fiction, but goes horribly wrong every single time someone tries to pull it off in real life?
What was not just A, but The?
Who is your favourite villian?
Has anyone used 24houranswers.com for help for a homework assignment? What was your experience?
Synesthetes, what's your favorite experience you've had to date?
If you’re in a dead end relationship what is keeping you there?
If you were a probability distribution, which one would you be?
If you could have anything from a fictional show/ movie what would it be?
What hobby says "she probably doesn't have a boyfriend" ?
People who where saved by a lifeguard what happened?
Life is short, so why are you wasting jt thinking about the past?
Where to watch game show network online?
What is the stupidest thing you have done?
If you had to eat your reddit username, what would it taste like?
What's the one thing you would like to change about yourself?
What’s your favorite xkcd?
At what point did you realize that you actually exist?
Where did rand steal from tommy lee house?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What TV show ending had you absolutely bawling?
How much money do you invest in crypto?
How do you get popular as a music creator?
How should you tell a girl that you like her?
What was the most unusual jingle that got stuck in your head?
What do you do when another driver has road rage for no reason?
What’s the cruelest “prank” you’ve ever witnessed?
What trait of yours is considered a virtue by others, yet you personally dislike it?
Whats that one moment playing a game you wish you were recording?
what is something people make their entire personality?
What kept/keeping you from telling them how you really feel?
What's the shittiest thing that you've done to someone that you now regret?
Women and men of reddit, what according to you makes a woman hot, physical attributes and personality traits ?
You are a bullied young boy playing with a rubik's cube at a jungle gym, you meet a strange girl who tells you to hit back at the bullies and the two of you because friends, later you find out that she is a vampire. What would you do in this situation?
If you could magically be shown the location of one item you've lost in your life, what would it be and why?
What is the most haunted place in the world?
What movie quote hit you the hardest?
People of Reddit, what’s a theory you came up with and never told anybody?
What is you’re biggest fear about dying?
What is the last thing someone did for you that made you feel completely and totally loved?
If you could go back in time and fix/ do one thing in your past what would it be?
What is the dumbest thing you have ever done?
Trust in institutions and democracy at all time low, public discourse polarized, useless elites, civil liberties declining and endemic covid, what are our next moves to turn this around?
At what point did you realize Santa was not real?
How do you think life would have been if the pandemic never happened ?
What lifehack will work just fine in real life and porn ?
What would be the cutest non-conventional military unit that would still function as an effective fighting unit?
What do you do when you are overthinking?
What is a life lesson you would tell your younger self?
If u can say one thing to ur deceased parents before they passed away, what would u say ?
Is it normal for a partner to constantly tell you when they're being flirted with?
What are some low effort Halloween costumes for guys that still get the job done?
If there was a pamphlet for someone to decide if hthey wanted to be born what would be in jt?
What are some decisions that lead to irreversible damages in life?
What animal would cause complete chaos if morphed to human size?
If you could move anywhere in the world without limitations or requirements, Where would it be?
Redditors who have been scammed in foreign countries, what advice do you have for the rest of us?
People who got over AD(Adjustment Disorder) what's your story?
If there was a pamphlet to life what would you put into it?
To all New Yorkers: How has legal cannabis changed the city?
Last door you used are now 2 way portal to reality where all humans suddenly exploded in 2012. How would you use that?
What's your "I met a celebrity" story?
What would you tell yourself if you time traveled back 10 years?
What does it mean if your GF/wife seems super, duper, cuddly-all-the-time close with her gay male friend?
Which side of the bed is the left side?
What’s something you wish people knew about you?
Your bones turn out to be a colony of indestructable spiders pretending to be bones. How would you react?
What was the smallest lie you’ve told that’s cost you the most?
What are some disgusting things that only Americans do to food?
What’s better handcrafted rather than machine or robot made?
What were you doing in your early 20’s?
What is most preferable of people money or sex?
What is a way to finish faster? NSFW
What's the best youtube to mp3 converter?
How would you react if scientists came out and said that after years of experiments they discovered that if you jump on a chair while holding plastic chair you teleport to London?
Whats something you regret VERY much in your life?
Would you rather sneeze everytime you cum or cum everytime you sneeze and why?
What seemingly insignificant memory keeps bubbling up to consciousness year after year?
If you could be killed by a horror movie character, which would it be?
What’s your one that got away story?
What is something that used to be a conspiracy but it was proven to be true?
Can anyone succinctly explain why there are different prices for health care in America? If you're sick with "aggrobot swampocrab" and you've got health care plan medium, are you going to be cured LESS because you're medium or charged MORE because you can't afford high?
In terms of order and ingredients, how do you take your hot chocolate?
People of Reddit, if humans didn’t take fall damage, what would you do?
What if you answered an AskReddit thread just for the hell of it?
What is a good keyboard alternative to Gboard with better word prediction?
Which Reddit community have you spent the longest time in?
If someone is bisexual what can that person do to cancel out the gay and only be straight?
What's the most powerful animal in the planet?
Hello guys, How are you?
What’s it like to have a legitimately hot wife/GF?
What do you feel is the biggest contribution to the general sense of the world becoming more dangerous when it's actually becoming safer?
What are some characteristics/habits that tell you someone is a good person in all aspects of their life?
How can someone learn about body language?
What makes life worth living?
What is something we can’t stop from happening?
Someone asks you is the friendzone a myth? How do you tell them the truth?
What is that one movie that you and your family watch every year like a ritual?
What are your plans for today?
What's the thing you're actually glad is gone because of this pandemic?
Redditors who have ever violated reddit's content policy in the past and don't feel bad about it, why not?
What are some good websites to find large - dog friendly apartments for rent?
People who can’t visualize a picture in their head, what is reading like for you?
Which ladder is best for stairs?
How did you come up with your username?
When was the last time you laughed with all your energy and really had a fun time?
What song has the darkest lyrics, but an upbeat tempo?
If every animal in the world became sentient and as smart as humans, what animal(s) would you be worried about the most?
Pet owners of reddit suddenly all pets can now speak English whats the first word to come out of your pets mouth?
[SERIOUS] People who work/worked in EA how do you feel about the hate there getting?
If you could choose a statistic about yourself to be displayed like a video game, what would you choose and why?
[Serious] What should someone do if they feel powerless and constantly see that their best efforts aren’t enough?
What would be a good reason lie about the number of sexual partners you have?
You just came home from a long day at work... you enter your bedroom and find you find out that two people are having sex in YOUR bed in YOUR house. How do you react?
Redditors, have you ever eaten an entire pack of unmicrowaved vegan hot dogs at 2 in the morning? Why or why not?
What sportmen would you not surprised to find out they are lesbians/gay?
What's your heartbreak story (Doesn't necessarily need to be romantic)?
Redditors who went through a 180 degree transformation, how did you do it?
Did the COVID-19 virus somehow make our brains more livid, tribalistic, and uncompromising?
For those that remember a world before technology everywhere, what were some of your favorite safe pranks to play?
Bi girls on Reddit, who's harder to date, men or women?
What is something that's way more dangerous than it initially appears?
What’s the last thing you watched on TV that you just couldn’t stop watching?
Sim players of reddit, what's the strangest thing you've made your Sims do and why?
What is the word to use when somebody doesn't stop somebody from lying and slandering someone?
What movie has the most complex plot ever?
Morning Reddit.. What can you do for worsening someone's day?
How did you heal from the loss of a loved one?
waiters and bartenders, what are some depressing stories your regulars have told you?
What are the most suspicious items to purchase together?
What would be your best excuse for shitting yourself?
How would you say social media has impacted you mentally?
What's a fake fact that sounds real?
What is your pet peeve?
What's an opinion you have that would get you crucified if you posted it in the related subreddit?
When did we stop asking why?
What gets you out of bed in the morning?
What’s a lesser known, but legitimate conspiracy?
What is your “I wasn’t looking for love, but she found me” story?
What kind of event or situation made you realize that your family was composed by really shitty people?
What's an example of putting up with racism/homophobia/sexism in a social environment because they're a friend/family that went too far?
You have to eat what your username is. What is it?
What is the scariest thing that happened at your school, that you heard from someone else?
What is one beloved character that got worse and worse over time?
What is a subbreddit that has 500K or more members but still not quite well known?
People of reddit, do you guys have stories where the saying “the worst thing she can say is no” was untrue?
(Serious) sleepwalkers of Reddit what is the weirdest thing you've done while sleepwalking?
What are things that you have done that you have so much remorse for?
What is the scariest nightmare you have ever had?
Ladies, where do you wipe first if you happen to pee and poo at the same time?
How much data usage does buildandshoot.com Ace of Spades Classic take?
Furries of reddit, what made you become a furry?
When you hear the word "unacceptable", what comes to mind?
What was the most important chance encounter you've had?
You now ejaculate what you last drank. What do you ejaculate?
What’s the worst hazing you’ve experienced/witnessed?
What is the most threatening way to say a sentence?
What's a great but underrated movies/anything?
What was your favorite way you’ve been asked out?
High schoolers of Reddit: If Your Entire School had a Theme, from Building Designs to Cafeteria Food and Beyond, What Would You Want that Theme to be?
If you could change what people say after someone sneezes, what would be the funniest thing for people to say?
What is something that is said to be unhealthy but is actually beneficial for you?
How long do you have to live in NYC to be considered a New Yorker?
What is a cool last name to have?
Hey reddit! What is something you do that most people have never heard of?
What skills are on the verge of extinction?
If the government was perfect, how would life be different?
How do you think the popularity of religion will fare over the next 100 years?
What's the most (insert your state) thing you do?
Today is National Black Cat Day
What freaks wash their meats before cooking?
What songs are impossible not to vibe too?
What is the most cringe thing you have done that you can remember?
If the animal can talk, which language they will speak?
What is the most infuriating "ear worm" (a song that plays repeatedly in your head)?
What is the best way to unclog ears when you have a bad ear infection?
What's your favorite videogame that nobody else has heard of?
What weird thing would you make socially acceptable if you could?
What is one temporary slang term that you are glad caught on?
What do you guys think of death and how is it like for different people?
What stereotype do you hate the most?
What could happen if ejaculate like we sneeze?
What are you all doing, are you livin' life?
What are the most random things that just piss you off?
Restaurant owners, what are stories of regular customers who affected you drastically?
What's the hottest clothing on a guy/girl?
What would you do if you woke up 50 years into the future?
What is a monument to all your sins?
What's the weirdest thing to say to your best friend?
What are the best places to buy unbranded cheap clothes?
Kids of successful parents that didnt become so successful themselves, what happened and how did you deal with it?
What do you guys think of the Thomas the Tank Engine Fandom?
You can choose 1 animal to be your secretary, Which animal do you choose and why?
When was your prime time/moment in your life?
What made you cry with happiness ?
What is your favorite smell and the memories it brings back?
What would you say the color is around Uncle Festers eyes, the eye bag area?
[Serious] What is your toxic trait that you are working on?
You have to fight your username. How dead are you?
What activities make you feel peaceful?
What is the worst thing to say in the middle of a conversation?
Which candy is the king of all candy?
What is the most grateful thing in your life?
What is one thing u want to say to ur POS boss but u can't ?
What should we count instead of sheep?
What's your favorite word?
If you went back in time, how could you actually use your current knowledge to effect the world?
What is something popular today that is gonna seem so dated in 10 years?
Those familiar with the political compass test, where do you fall? And what does your ideal political and economic system look like?
What is the most terrifying nightmare you've faced?
Reddit, has there ever been a time when you tried “killing with kindness” and it worked?
What was your first smartphone?
What is the most random reason that you were rejected by somebody for?
Replace one body part with another and what do you get?
What are some psychological life hacks that may be unethical, but gives you an advantage in life?
What is the most embarrassing moment you've ever had with your parents?
People who have sisters/family as pornstars how does it feel?
What is the most depressing book you have ever read?
Did getting a significant other help with your depression? Why or why not?
What is the best advice you’d give your past self?
What is something you wish existed today that you are surprised doesn't exist yet?
What's your pet's ultimate favorite thing?
Elders of the social justice movement, what advice do you have for us justice-driven youngsters?
What emotion does not have a name but needs one?
What if the birth ratio for each gender became 4 girls and 1 boy starting in the year 2000 and now males gave four votes? How would this affect the world?
Your Mother Texts you "I killed your dad." , What do you do or reply?
Can't remember a movie. There was a scene where a troupe of samurai protect their emperor. Any titles come to mind?
How would you describe your local Walmart?
People of Reddit, what would you do if you ever won $1 million dollars?
People who are High right now, what are you thinking?
What's something you don't like getting on your skin?
What is something that you can see as a trend in the future?
What's a movie or tv show line that you absolutely hate?
What is one thing that screams ‘eshay’?
People who have been victims of racism , how long did it take you to forgive the person?
p00pers of reddit, where’s the worst place you ever had to take an emergency shit?
If animals could talk, which would be the sweetest?
Reddit, What is the "city that never sleeps" in your home country?
What’s the point of movie critics when opinions are subjective?
American Redditors: What positive things can you say about your opposing political party?
People who read and watched "of mice and men" was the book or movie better and why?
SO's of Reddit, did you manage to use your Celebrity Free Pass on someone famous, and if so, how did it happen and what happened afterwards?
What recent video game is overrated?
What is a unknown fact about some historical figures?
What happens in the pan handle of Oklahoma?
If one day a race of religiously fanatical aliens decided to wage war and crusade us humans, what would you do to survive?
What are your favourite websites to watch movies/TV shows online for free?
Computer savvy folks, what are some ways to secure your computer for technology inept people?
What's the name of your favorite film always inspire you ?
[Serious] How long does it take after meeting someone in college to get invited to parties?
What is one thing that is legitimately fake news?
If dogs could talk, which breeds would talk the most? Which breeds would talk the least?
What’s one thing that makes you cringe when you hear it?
What dishes encapsulates "Christmas Eve" for you/remind you of fond memories of the Holiday Season?
What regrets do you have, and how do you manage those regrets?
What percentage of freewill do we have vs nurture or nature(etc.) ?
how do you know which side is right or left?
What's the last type of business you see yourself starting one day?
What's the absolute worst food you've ever eaten at a restaurant?
Redditors who are completely alone, with no friends or family, how did you decorate your home?
What's your favorite Korean movie?
What fashion trend do you hate?
If you were flying up high in an airplane, and had to throw an object out the aircraft without breaking it, what would you throw?
Without telling your age, what’s something you remember that if you told a younger person they wouldn’t understand?
[Serious] How did you become a better person today?
Who is a public figure with a personality/character that is the opposite of their online demeanor/how they look?
What's a food that is only enjoyable by itself without toppings or being cooked?
In movies or shows people always flush the toilet right before they leave the bathroom. You can hear the flush sound when they come out. Who actually flushes the toilet right before they leave the bathroom? Who leaves poop float in the toilet while they wash their hands then flushes?
What do you immediately think when someone says “Czech Republic”?
How soon in a relationship do you typically start saying "I love you"?
What is the biggest mistake ever made in Human history?
What's your guilty-pleasure sing-along-song when no one is around?
What food (if there is one) do you think you’re addicted to/have tried to stop eating but can’t?
How would one go about learning self-discipline?
What's your darkest Fear?
How do you think a Sentinelese tribal would react if he/she was shown modern technology?
You look at the news and hear that It’s a zombie apocalypse what do you do?
What celebrity would you befriend if you could befriend any celebrity?
You have $60 cash. How do you double it in one day? Then double that the next?
What's your real story with a plot twist?
Is thinking really that much different from doing when its something absolutely unethical?
What's an obscure, less discussed war throughout history that actually had a big impact on changing the course of it?
What would be the most inappropriate sentence to follow up with, “LOL”?
If you could be anyone who you wanted to be for a day, who would you be and why?
How would a modern day civil war look like in the USA?
How can a dumb person actually get into a college like Harvard, Yale, MIT, Etc?
How did you, or someone you know, get Excommunicated from your church or place of worship?
What was your experience with being cheated on? What was your reasoning to stay or go?
The object to your immediate right is what you have to use to survive an assassin. How screwed are you?
Since The Great Resignation is here, what would be some great companies to get into via entry level that (with hard work and promotions) could secure a decent future for someone who's ready to work?
What was your worst “dang they were right” moment?
What's the most spoiled person you ever met?
What’s going to make you cum tonight?
What would your research paper thesis be if you had to choose a paper topic in 10-15minutes?
This is a dark one, has there been any successful genocides in history? If there are, why do people not know about them?
Who is your hero?
[Serious] When did you finally settle down?
How much do you care about what kind of rock is on your engagement ring? Why?
Hey filmmakers, is there a special term for zooming out on a subject moving toward the camera while keeping them the same size in frame, like a reverse dolly zoom but where the camera doesn't move and there's no dolly?
What do you still cherish about that person you lost long ago?
What are some facts about the real world that they don't tell or teach you in high school?
What's something that still makes you want to keep living?
what is the correct way to non physically discipline your girlfriend?
What excites you most?
If animals could talk, which would be the funniest?
What are some interesting, informative, unusual, or cool websites many people do not know about?
What u didn't like about DUNE the books ?
What was something a therapist/ anybody say to you, that completely changed you?
What's something that makes you feel bitter?
What is the one costume that’s so terrible that you wish was never a costume?
What’s something you know works you just don’t understand why?
What are you so good at, it’s basically a superpower?
What is something that keeps you motivated throughout life?
What is the dumbest thing you did drunk 🍹?
People of reddit what childhood or teenage memory you remember and later realized was very embarrasing as an adult?
When did you get a second opinion?
What was the worst way someone has hurt you?
What crawls in the darkness?
What is your naked story?
If someone went as you for Halloween, what would their costume look like?
What is the male equivalent of women selling their bodies to climb the corporate ladder?
People of Reddit, what do you advise when looking for a good job?
Reddit, what should one do with life?
People of Reddit what is your “ i should have knocked before I opened the door “ story?
How much abuse would you endure (physical, emotional, financial, or other) if you would be raised in a 1% home?
Military veterans/current service personnel, what surprised you about yourself during basic training?
If you could teach someone a skill that you already know well (from your work-life, a hobby, cultural background) that can be useful to them at some point in their life, what would the skill be?
What are the weirdsest human needs and desires that upset Karens?
What is your opinion on Corporate brands all trying to be "quirky, relatable and sassy" on social media are you a fan of it or not?
What’s your favourite goosebumps episode?
How do you ask a coworker(whom you don't really know) on a date?
What would you suggest for people before they try drugs for the first time?
Which song is not, but should be on Spotify?
Which sport is the absolute worst to watch on tv but great in person?
If Aliens came down and said they could take one human back to their planet, who would we elect and why?
What was the scariest dream you’ve ever had?
Let's say that every time you've experienced your greatest fear, you age by 1 year. In addition to your current age, how old would you be?
How would artificial intelligence be able to supercede human intelligence since it's created out of our own awareness?
What is the best meme page on reddit?
What’s is your specific kink or niche?
What are your thoughts about being here?
Communists of Reddit, what led you to become one in the first place?
Redditors, in your opinion, how would you describe a moderately attractive woman?
If you’ve been on a cooking competition/know someone who has? How are bathroom breaks handled during the several hours long task?
Have you ever told your barber/hair stylist that you didn’t like the haircut? What happened ?
What’s the most basic, healthy, and repetitive meal you can suggest for someone who really just finds eating to be an obstacle that impedes each day and wants to treat food as a fuel and not a hobby?
What's the easier way to make money online?
What book made you cringe in disgust while reading it?
What happened when you fell in love with a close friend?
What is a hobby that is mostly free?
Where do you like to talk to people online when you feel lonely?
What is the biggest lesson that life has taught you?
People complain about toxic masculinity, but what is toxic femininity?
If you could send one celebrity to jail for 10 years, who would it be?
You found out that your mom has been given you dog medicine that makes your legs go numb and found out she's not actually your mother and is a psychopath who took you from the hospital when you were a baby after her baby died shortly after birth, what would you do?
Girls of Reddit, have you ever complimented a random guy on something? What happened afterwards?
What is something you know that keeps you up at night?
What would happen if all prescription medications were suddenly able to be purchased over the counter?
People of Reddit: what was your cringiest Halloween costume?
Why or why not 23 is still physically young?
What are some good parenting life hacks for new parents?
Redditors who've competed on / won a Competition TV Show (Ex: Wipeout, Cutthroat Kitchen, etc.), where are you now?
What’s on your mind right now, or has been all day?
What is circular and its is also a triangle but it is package in a square?
If Trump is like Nixon and Biden is like Carter, who would be the next Ronald Reagan?
Which university in America is best for studying abroad in Computer Science?
Which appliance needs an upgrade?
What are acceptable white lies?
What old commercial can constantly be found replaying in your head?
What is the most expensive item that you bought and why?
What songs meaning would change if sung by the different sex?
What social construct would just wish we would all simultaneously forget?
What do you feel attracted to in a girl when you first meet her?
If tomorrow all pollution/garbage magically appeared where it was created, who would have the biggest pile?
What’s a secret you won’t tell your friends but your significant other?
What are the percentage of single people in Australia?
Redditors who left for college, and had to leave their hometown, how has life been for you? do you think you would have been happier if you stayed with friends and family?
You gain the ability to time travel and are assigned to go back in time to explain to Hitler what a Cleveland Steamer is, how would you explain this to him?
In an area of mostly single family homes, what would be the pros and cons of allowing high density housing construction?
How good was your IRL spawn RNG?
What do you take for granted?
What's a song that everyone hates, but you unironically love?
Your significant other/spouse can cheat on you with one person, but you get to choose who it is. Who do you choose?
who is the artist you can't stand watching?
Right wingers of Reddit, what is your most left leaning position?
When will daylight savings time be abolished?
What is your fondest memory?
What year did you stop using Facebook?
If your username came to life what would you do?
night owls of reddit. what is your go to mid night gas station snack run?
Reddit, what is some of the main differences you notice from one year ago?
What Type Of Halloween Costume Should You Wear?
What has made you be apart of the Reddit community, and how has it affected you?
What grocery item has increased in price the most in the last 12 months?
What's a problem that needs to be addressed that doesn't get much media coverage , or rather not given any attention at all?
What is your favorite home made food creation?
Right wingers of Reddit, what is your most left leaning viewpoint?
Parents who left their family, why did you leave?
You now sh*t what you last ate. What comes out now?
If Television had existed during the 1920s, who would have been a great late night talk show host?
What’s the best way to cope with the jealousy of others?
what song/ songs do you associate the most with fall?
what is the most beautiful places you have ever seen?
They say “The worst they can say is no.” How much worse did it actually turn out?
What’s love got to do with it?
Is there a genre of writing where you can read a story from top to bottom AND bottom to the top(not line by line but rather paragraph by paragraph)?
When did you realize your childhood was over?
What’s keeping you up right now?
What is your G.O.A.T reddit question?
How does a person get rid of a snoo on Reddit and go back to a profile pic?
What’s the worst thing your parents did?
Who’s the most sexually attractive person to ever exist?
D&D players of reddit, the last character that you played is not real and appears right in front of you. what happens next?
Who is the most unproblematic celebrity?
When to change oil if oil life is at 7%?
Women, when your boyfriend lays in your lap, how does it make you feel?
the minimum wage in NYC is 7.25$
[Serious] Adults of Reddit, how often do you speak to your parent(s)? How often would you prefer to?
What does love feel like to you?
People with past unresolved conflicts haunting them what's it like living with it?
Dear Deaf people of reddit, how do you all think in your head? And are their any of y'all with aphantasia who cannot visualize stuff, how would you think then?
You are able to see one alternate reality of yourself, which one are you seeing?
If animals could talk, what animal would benefit the most?
How do you feel about taking shits?
What is the biggest red flag for any type of relationship?
What scenarios give you a mini-heart attack?
Is it weird to NOT be into oral sex? Why is something that technically sounds unhygienic so normalised as a default part of foreplay?
What is the minimum wage in your country?
If Twitter existed during the Civil War, what would have been some populer hashtags?
Where did the Seinfeld saying "a show about nothing" come from?
What changed your mind about not getting the COVID 19 vaccine?
A vegan girl eats meat for the first time and becomes so obsessed with it that she's becomes a cannibal, what would you do in this situation?
If you could go back in time and steal an idea like Apple, Microsoft Or Amazon, what would it be?
If you could live as a character in a TV show, what show would you choose and why?
Mods of Reddit, why did you become a moderator?
What’s the most over protective thing a family member has done for you?
If you can bring back any discontinued item what would it be?
Redditors of Reddit, what will Alec Baldwin’s prison name be?
What are your thoughts on recreational drug use?
[Serious] Restaurant workers what was something someone said to you that really made an impact on you?
What do u think would happen if a serial killer broke into another serial killers house?
[Serious] What are your ideal traits in a partner?
What do you say to someone who recently losed their sister?
If you will find a Genie in a pot, what would be your 3 wishes?
How far would you walk for your favorite meal?
If animals could talk would you let them see you Naked when you changed clothes?
Which actor could have been successful in a different profession?
What do you think about BTS?
Reddit, what helps when you feel the urge to hurt/kill yourself?
Hindu people of reddit what does it mean if you are not hindu but saw Shiva in a dream-like-state n felt so real n nice?
What is favorite animated movie and why do you like it so much?
What song has a noise like "BARK BARK tss BARK BARK tss"?
Who is your employer from hell?
What have the left and right wing both done to prove their degeneracy?
An alien race makes contact and you can choose one person from all of human history to represent mankind. Who do you choose?
What are the best « DM slides » you have send or received ?
People who developed weird fetishes, what caused them?
When did you stop caring about what people thought of you?
What’s the wildest thing that was accidentally texted or emailed to you? (Or from you)?
What’s a song you can’t resist to sing, no matter where you are?
What fetish do you have that you were avidly against until you tried it and now is your "favorite"?
What did you like doing before the pandemic that you hate doing now?
What is something you’ve been peer pressured into doing?
What Are The Biggest Problems That The Generation Z is Going to Encounter?
You are given 1 hour left to live. And the government allows you to commit any crimes you want before death, what are you doing?
What’s a common misconception about your career that the public has?
What makes your skin crawl no matter what?
People who care about what others are into
What is your favorite game over music?
If missionary sex is vanilla, what positions are other flavors?
What do you do when taking a dump at a public place, hover or put toilet paper on the seat?
What song will you play at your funeral?
[Serious] How can one avoid marrying a person who's still in love with their ex?
What is the dumbest conspiracy theory you ever heard?
What is one wholesome thing you are going to do tomorrow?
Why u finally pick up drawing this year ?
What is often praised, but is actually just toxic?
Redditors, when did you lose touch with the current generation of youth?
What's the stupidest way to kill someone/yourself?
When can someone ask for a manager now? Does it only have to be extremes?
If you make out with your step cousin you just met, while you’re at your fathers wedding that makes you family is that weird, and if so why?
What immediately brings tears of joy to you?
What's something you wanted to tell your parents but never could?
Is it wrong to date a girl because you know she has a huge inheritance coming soon? why or why not?
Which line from any song would you use to describe the country you live in?
How did you get over the loss of a beloved pet? How long did it take you stop grieving?
If death wasn't painful, how would this affect people?
How old were you when you found out that dinosaurs were invented by the CIA to discourage time travel?
[Serious] People of the US given the current state of the country would you change your vote for president? Why or why not? Would you want a different candidate than those that ran for office?
What are some wholesome ‘monthly achievements’ of humanity to contrast the crapshoot that is 2020/21?
You've been declared king/queen of the United Zebra Turkey Fish organization. What's the first law you pass?
What are the weirdest student discounts you've received before?
Has anyone met an actual psychopath? How did you know?
Dear Redditors, at what age did you stop trick or treating? What reason made you stop?
What’s a weird random fear that you have?
How do you imagine the political landscape of the world looks in 100 years?
If you could prevent one subreddit from ever existing, which one would it be?
Which city is the best city to be homeless?
What question do you absolutely hate being asked and why?
People who grew up in the 1980s, do you remember your reaction when Michael Jackson's skin got lighter and lighter seemingly after every chart-topping hit and music video?
Fans of perpetually terrible sports teams, how do you cope?
What books have you read that were really good and lead you down rabbit holes?
For those who changed careers: What prompted you to make the change? How did you do it? Did it turn out to be successful?
What motivates you to do whatever you do every day ?
What is the most underrated holiday?
If you lost all of your money and assets today, what do you think you would do?
You folks that dry yourself outside of the shower or tub... why?
What's your favorite scene from a Tarantino film?
What things in porn and/or types of porn do you not like or are a turn off for you?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have heard someone say?
What is a real life character trope that you embody?
How do you deal with the fact that someday you will die?
When will robots takeover?
If you could bring anyone from history of humanity, alive or dead, and tell them to go fuck themselves, who would you pick?
What is the closest to death you've been?
What is the most "I don't need sleep I need answers" thing ever?
What is the best good deed you've ever done?
What weird thing do you do that you are convinced no one else does?
People of Reddit, what is your boggart turning in to..?
Is marriage worth it financially for men or not,if yes then how?
As the situation is improving, what difficulties do face as we revert back to our pre-pandemic lifestyle?
People who are multilingual: when you hear something in your non-native language, do you actually translate the words/phrases in your head to your native language, or do those words have their own inherent meaning in your head and you don't actually need to translate them first?
(Serious) what would you do if you are in love with your own father?
Given there are so many computer engineers in the current market, will choosing another field of engineering help the user posting this and what is the average salary of computer engineers in the country of the reader's post?
Sex workers of reddit, what are your thoughts on the one China policy and the role of the US in the Indo-Pacific region?
What is something men should care about, but don’t?
Redditors of world, what is the most ridiculous/bad thing you've seen tourists do?
What are some common teenage slang these days?
What is the worst thing you have ever witnessed ?
Those that are on their second marriage, how did you get it right this time?
Those of you who don't brush your teeth 2 times a day and have healthy teeth, how do you do it?
What’s something you swear only happens to you?
What crazy name did you give to some daily objects ?
Who was someone that you weren’t supposed to have a crush on?
What’s something you want to beat up your past self for?
Redditers in therapy, how do I know if my therapist is good or at least "good for me"?
You have the power to make any game extremely popular, however, you must choose a negative side effect that relates to that game, what game do you choose and what side effect do you choose?
Who is someone that people idolize but shouldn’t because they’re actually a really terrible person fictional or real?
What smell was so disgusting that it made you vomit?
What is worst fraternity hazing you have seen or heard?
What is the oldest movie that you enjoy and why do you enjoy it?
When girls talk to their girlfriends about having sex with a guy, what are some of the details discussed?
What's a recent change you've made in your life that you would recommend anyone to consider?
Are police trained to be nice when a conflict is about to end?
What are your predictions for the world in 2050?
What's that weird thing that makes you get goosebumps?
What is something someone should never share with another person?
What’s the most inspirational piece of advice you gave someone that you don’t believe yourself?
What are your personal thoughts on Buddhism? Would you yourself ever consider becoming a Buddhist? Why, why not?
What do you regret not doing today?
What is something about someone (including yourself) that sounds fake, but its 100% true?
What's an Indie game that has a very hardcore fanbase and is very well liked that you just don't see the appeal of, or never got into?
What were the last texts from your ex?
What would Benjamin Franklin think about National Treasure?
How different is your life now from your life 10 years ago?
At what age should kids get their first smartphones?
What’s the most obvious lie someone has told to you?
Serious. When was the last time your father showed and gave you affection?
Online Scammers, How do you Sleep at night, have you no conscience? [Serious]
All-you-can-eat buffet workers, what’s the most bizarre plate of food you’ve ever seen?
You are dying and get to send one message to someone of your choice, who is it and what is the context in the message?
Boys of reddit, how would you truly feel if a creepy girl was obsessed and stalking you?
What’s the most enjoyable part of your day?
What's one question you wish you'd get ask more?
You eat pieces of shit for breakfast? Why or why not?
You become a drug addict and climb inside of a toilet, date a high schooler, and hallucinate a dead baby crawling on the wall. How would you stop this?
How long until can drink again after blood thinning injections ?
what’s a topic you can comfortably talk to with strangers online but not anyone you know in person?
The last thing you ate is what you'll be eating for the rest of your life, what is it?
What's the luckiest thing that you do or see?
What Pokémon would you want to be and why?
What is your worst first date story?
ER workers of Reddit, what's it like behind the scenes in the battle against COVID?
When was the last time you got a hug?
What’s the ugliest looking car?
If you had an extra 4 hours a day what would you do with them?
What is your earliest child/baby memory?
What is your favorite super power?
What decent paying jobs hire you immediately (or under two weeks)?
What are you going to be for Halloween?
What is a spell that should exist in the Harry Potter universe and what would it do?
People who use magic or super powers in dreams. What powers do you usually use?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
Redditors that speak multiple languages, what’s your best pick up line that worked in your language?
What happened during your first sexual experience and how could it have gone better?
People who were told to keep your thoughts to yourself, what were your thoughts?
Insanity - Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. What are your memorable moments of insanity?
What is the most beautiful song you’ve ever heard?
Your username is a cuisine, what is it?
A humanoid shark sneaks up behind you and says "nom nom" and picks you up and eats you whole, what would your last thoughts be?
Women of Reddit, what can a man do on the first date that will guarantee a second?
What's a quirk of your partner/family member that you find adorable?
What is a foolproof way to vanquish an enemy?
What’s your secret recipe for thanksgiving?
When was the last time you cried?
You can only eat the thing you ate last for the rest of your life? How screwed are you?
You go over to a friends place, and your snack that you brought is eaten. How do you react?
If you make over 70k in the US, what is your job title, what do you do and how did you get there ?
what was the most inappropriate thing you did you didn't know why was so bad at the time?
What did you last dream about?
Think of a time when you had two conflicting ideas toward something/someone, what were they and how did it change your behaviour?
What is the one item at the grocery store that you will never buy the generic brand of?
What is an instant red flag on the first date?
What song is always stuck in your head?
What real world struggle did high school / college not prepare you for?
Who's house did you go to, to get away with stuff your parents would never allow?
What is a school supposed to do if a kid has jerked off in class countless times and has multiple witnesses?
What was the most fabricated lie you've ever been told that was insanely obvious it wasn't true?
How do you know when it’s time to give up (in any situation)?
What is a secret about you that non of your friends or family know?
Women of Reddit, what are the “little things” that you would like for us guys to do?
What’s the best way to rid your pet of fleas (what soaps, type of comb, etc.)?
Who do you look up to in life?
People on reddit, What celebrity did you used to look up to but don't?and why did you stop looking up to them?
What genetically modified food would you eat in a heartbeat if given the opportunity?
What is a pun you most related to ?
What are some addictive roblox tycoon games?
What is the most valuable thing you have been taught by your parents or guardian?
How old were you when you met "the one?"
what’s a food combination that you’ve been told is weird, but you really like?
Women of reddit, what are the disadvantages of having a pussy instead of a dick?
If your ex was a car what would they be?
What’s something that makes you smile instantly?
What's the first song/artist that comes to mind when you hear "One Hit Wonder"?
Men of reddit, why do we not just walk around with erections all day since it would feel good and nobody could stop us if we did?
Who leaks “leaked” videos of YouTubers such as “leaked” footage of the ace family?
What's better to do as a kid rather doing it as a adult?
If you could experience something for the first time again, what would it be?
Which older movie would you like to see a new remake version of?
What’s the craziest thing that happened in your hometown?
If you were forced to choose which horror movie monster would you bring into the real world?
Short people of Reddit, what is your comeback to short jokes made by taller individuals?
Punk, metal, and rock fans of Reddit, what are the unspoken rules of the mosh pit?
People who sleep with in 5 minutes, what’s your secret ?
[Serious] what is your opinion on south african cricket player Quinton de Kock taken off the national team for refusing to kneel in support of black lives matter?
Right wingers of Reddit, what is your most left leaning opinion ?
People who have been falsely accused of a crime, What happened?
What was the longest day of your life?
What is the laziest thing you would do with unlimited, godlike power?
What was the Beanie Baby craze? What happened and how were lives changed?
Restaurant servers of Reddit, what was the worst table you ever waited on?
If you could live in any movie/movie universe (star wars, marvel, etc) which would you choose?
Why did mathematicians add letters to math?
What’s something that once you start, is difficult to stop?
What was a time where you felt like you were the main character in a horror movie?
Which is one unnecessary morning ritual that everyone does?
If you could bring any movie or game to life which would it be?
To all daughters/sons of celebrities, how is like being their child? Do you like all the attention?
What is the most badass scar you have?
What do you find most attractive in a person?
What is the weirdest shit you have seen this week?
Those of you that love your job, what do you do?
What if you woke up in someone else’s body every day?
If a genie cannot be asked for more wishes from said genie, why not ask the genie for the power to grant one's own wishes?
What did you buy as a joke, but now can't live without?
What does Sexual Attention means to you? and how does it make you uncomfortable?
Right wingers of Reddit, what would you say are your most left leaning opinions?
What are some home remedies for back/muscle pain, other than taking pills?
What design/Quote would you put on a shirt and proudly wear?
What sounds racist but actually isn't?
Which Minecraft roleplay is your favourite?
What’s your favorite classic TV commercial from the 80’s?
What is your planning today?
You find out your SO is secretly an assassin/master spy… what was the most convincing part of their cover identity?
What all could it mean when my girlfriend says "I was thinking about you" ?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest obsession/phase you had growing up?
What piece of modern technology closely resembles magic that medieval wizards would use?
What was the forum site you used before Reddit and what was it like?
What are your weekend plans?
Does your accent change depending on who you are talking to? And does the accent in your head match the accent that comes out of your mouth?
People who have got a PS5 when it was in stock, how much excitement did you have when your purchase actually got processed to success?
What is your best break up ?
Where’s the best place you have smoked weed?
What movie villian did you want to win?
What’s something your very Weirdly attracted to?
What is your drug of choice and how did you get started on it?
What is an amazing word or phrase in your native language that doesn’t have an English equivalent?
Which German spinoff of American cartoon/shows do you think would be really offensive but would like to see?
Right Wingers of reddit, what would you say your most left leaning opinion is?
If the government leaked your private emails what would they find?
If your pet could talk what would it say?
What questions have you ever wanted to ask someone on the autism spectrum?
Have you ever regretted being friends with someone? What’s your story?
Hey everyone! What is the coolest thing about where you're from?
What is something that tries too hard to be cool that it becomes ridiculous but then loops around into being cool again?
What is your cat’s name and how did you choose it?
If you were or are an addict, what got you into your addiction?
What’s something about you’re friends that says they aren’t actually you’re friends?
What are people’s thoughts on reddit adding media sharing to chats?
Redditors who believe in the quote "virginity is cool, remain pure", why do you feel that way?
For those people who bought Bitcoin when it was worth only a few bucks. Did you sell all away or did you invest in it?
People of Reddit, what's your favorite song?
Does the desire to make more money ever stop? Why or why not?
What is your favourite R34?
What is something dangerous that people continue to do, no matter how obvious it may be?
Story lore, real life mysteries, small subculture, obscure jobs/hobbies, or what have you; What was the last rabbit hole you you been down?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done and got away with?
[Serious] What Are Some Ways To Gain Self-Confidence For Someone Who Hasn't Had Any And In Their 30s?
Which direction do you wear a signet ring? So you can read it or everyone else?
What movie(s) can you watch back to back and not get tired of?
What is the easiest way to meet and get killed by a serial killer?
Why do you love your significant other?
If it were your last day of life, what would you do?
What was that 80s music video that was basically the world's first meme?
You’re at the bar, 3 drinks in, and unexpectedly get called for karaoke, what song are you singing?
What is your go-to comfort song?
What would be the first thing someone from 2018 would say if they time-travelled to end-2020/early-2021?
How would you react if everyone woke up with the opposite sex's genitals?
What was a "they just pulled that info out of their ass" moment you had?
Guys of Reddit: Don’t be shy, how big is it?
What's something you weren't allowed to watch as a kid and why?
What are some good ways to put yourself to sleep?
When can you tell if it's flirting or if its just casual?
People who say food service jobs are entry level and for high schoolers, who should work those jobs during the school year?
What is the rarest thing you own?
Bus Drivers. What would you want your riders to say to you when getting off the bus?
If men completely lost their sexual attraction towards women, what effects would this cause in relationships and society?
When was the last time you tried doing something new, and what was it?
What was a consequence of your actions that didn't occur until YEARS later?
What topic could you give a 30 minute presentation with no preparation?
What's the difference between light academia and dark academia?
Could you forgive someone that cheated on you? if so why?
People who always gave benefit of doubt to others, How did it turn out in the end?
What's a sex advice you're qualified to give?
What are signs of high intelligence?
When did you stop eating cereal, as dinner/before bed, how old were you?
What's your favourite celebrity quote?
What is a Good Song to Die to?
What is the perfect dessert for you?
What is the best way to learn how to dance?
What’s something you never want to do?
What's the biggest Chad move you've seen?
How does one get powerful industry connections?
What game aged horribly?
[serious] Adults of neglectful parents: how did you figure it out?
Who is the most hated person on Reddit and why?
When are you active on Reddit?
What's the best deal that's ever been made?
[Serious] How often do you poop, and where are you from?
What did you not learn until it was embarrassingly late?
What’s the most messed up thing you’ve caught/seen in the background of a photo?
To the ex-atheist of reddit, what made you turn around?
Who's the scariest person you've ran into?
What extremely bizarre or unconventional food combinations actually taste pretty good?
Redditors what is the most under-rated song/band?
What are your favorite underrated subreddits?
What are some shower thoughts that genuinly had you thinking for a while?
What are the health benefits of drinking enough water?
When will physicians start requiring annual mental health checkups?
Who is an underrated artist/band that you think deserves all the hype and attention?
People who are/were addicted to cutting themselves, how did you overcome the urge?
What is that book that made you want to read more books?
What products prey on stupid people?
What the one thing that fascinates you about the universe?
What can we all agree on?
What is the cheapest comparison item reviewed online?
Did you ever mess up something real bad? If so, what was it that you messed up?
What fact is commonly misconstrued due to sensationalism?
What film genuinely made you angry?
What isn’t meant to be scary but for some reason it is?
What hot takes do you have about being an artist/the creative industry?
What type of drastic career change have you made?
What do women think about lesbian porn? Do they find it disgusting the same as straight men get disgusted by gay porn?
Adults of reddit, Have you ever been so terrified you lost control of your bowels? No jump scares, no surprises, no childhood memories—What so caused such fear in you, you wet ‘em?
Musicians of Reddit, what was the funniest story of how you found the best melody or beat ever?
[Serious] What is the most embarrassing thing about yourself?
How was your first sex experience?
What's your "I don't know what X is, and at this point, I'm afraid to ask"?
What movie should more people know about?
Who's that crush you never forgot about, and why?
Without saying the name of the sub, what's your favourite post on Reddit?
Restaurant workers, what is something someone has stole that you are surprised they pulled it off?
What are the most valuable things you learned from a comedian?
What band/musician/artist have overstayed their welcome?
What is Your Most Terrifying "We Need to Leave, NOW." Rush of Fear You've Felt?
What’s your awkward kiss rejection story?
What’s the biggest amount of money someone have given you and why?
How do you find who you are, your purpose in life, find yourself?
What American version is better than the original?
Your username has a power, how do you feel now?
What is the best analogy you know?
You have access to a “What if…” machine and you can only ask one question, what would your question be?
What is not scientifically proven but actually works?
What is that one 90s thing we need today? Winamp?
Which physical feature makes you go: ‘to the front’?
Who should be more famous then what they are?
What is your preferred method of background noise while sleeping?
What is the first thing that you think off when a homeless person approaches you asking for money?
[serious] why even after purchasing premium reddit, the app still shows the ads?
People who smoke in public, how do people who cough purposely (or not) make you feel?
What games do you know are similar to Chicken Invaders?
Are you scared of airport security somehow finding drugs in your belongings?
What’s a secret you are taking to the grave?
What is it that makes someone gifted?
What’s creepier? The ghost of a child or the ghost of an adult?
What vegetable do you find the worst?
[Serious] Do you think there comes a point where ones depression and misery that they are dealing with for years and years is basically their fault that they can't overcome it? Why or why not?
What happens when the dollar ($) symbol is behind the number instead of preceding the number?
Which video game made you love video games?
You can choose one company/industry to go broke, which one would that be?
What made you go fully sober?
What is the most unique board game mechanic?
What has never been asked on reddit?
What are your sexual flaws?
What was your favourite childhood TV show ?
Tell us your country, by telling us which country your country has its biggest rivalry with, what is your country?
[serious] Why do you have a dark sense or humour?
If you could get rid of one thing forever what would it be?
Break up with yourself. How do you let yourself down easy?
What do you do when you have a crush?
What’s the best way to find smoking buddies in your area?
What new TV show was a total letdown?
Introverts on reddit, what's the most introvert thing you have done?
How much sleep do you get on a weekday and how much do you want to get?
What are some of your scariest real life paranormal experiences?
There's someone who you really love and they love you back, but they won't date you unless you agree with their terms; you must date both them AND their bestie. Are you into it or not? Why?
Who is the strongest character in Nintendo lore?
Whats that one incident of your childhood that you can never forget?
Which sub has so many rules it actually took the fun out of posting there?
What, if anything, should someone do if they see someone’s FB post with pictures taken at the Capitol on 01/06/21?
What would be very hard to explain to aliens?
If you could make one change to "improve" society, what would it be and why?
What is the worst tv/movie streaming app?
What is the worst movie that does not have a cult following for being bad?
What movie would be better if told by the villain's perspective?
What group of people can you just not chill with?
What should you ALWAYS do on a first date?
What's a good example of an off brand product being better than the name brand?
Settle a heated debate: what is an interior wall? What is an exterior wall?
Warehouse workers of Reddit, what's the most unsafe or least OSHA friendly thing you've ever experienced at work?
What would humanity’s most valuable good or service be to an intergalactic community?
What is something you thought is normal but totally isn't?
Extroverts, how are yall holding up?
If you could experience anything for the first time again, what would it be?
You can now choose a fictional character as the world's supreme leader, BUT you can only choose a villain. Who will you choose?
what are some of your favourite anime’s ?
How did you teach yourself discipline if you weren’t really brought up to develop it?
What's your favorite instrumental song?
What is your alltime favourite movie?
What's the worst thing your boss has done?
If given a chance, which mistake you would undo from your life?
Which adverts where so good that you watch them willingly and actually enjoyed?
How is Irony deficiency treated?
If any religion could be adapted in a manga, anime and/or light novel, which one would make the best plot and why?
Who, in real world, would be the least effected by the evil temptations of the Ring of Power?
What is the worst birthday you've had?
What opinion would you never say out loud?
Without saying the name of the person you know of. What is the honest reason you hate them?
What do you imagine the person on the other side of a comment or post to be like? Or do you simply forget that people make the comments/Do not care?
Everything in the world permanently becomes cough syrup flavored. What do you do?
What's the story behind your name?
What is the one thing you wish you could say to your significant other?
Left Wingers of Reddit, what might you say your most Right inclining assessment is?
Is it unusual to sit while taking a shower?
What are the best movies or books about siblings rivalry?
What’s the best way to tell a close guy friend that’s into you, that you just want to be friends?
How do atoms multiply if they don't have sex?
If country was a person which one would need psych evaluation the most?
Worst birthday you have ever had?What happened?
What yours buyer's remorse?
What would Palestine do if the roles of Israel and Palestine were reversed?
Which movie pisses you off and makes you regret wasting time on it?
What is your favorite t-shirt?
You’re in a room with Adolf Hitler, Osama bin Laden, and Kim Il-sung. You can save one, but your choice will have historical consequences. Who are you saving?
If you were a felt pad, where would you like to be?
You can marry a fictional character but you'd be stuck forever to follow and aid them in all of their activities, who will you choose?
What movies should never be remade?
What’s a kink you found out you liked, after seeing it?
Was there ever a moment where your previously held worldview was shattered?
What was your parent(s) reaction the first time you defied them as an adult or told them no?
Roleplayers of Reddit, why did you start roleplaying?
What is something you like and/or dislike about your culture?
[Serious] How realistic is it for an engineering major to join a frat and two clubs?
Where did the idea of cats having nine lives originate?
What are some things that you feel more comfortable with your non dominant hand?
What TV show that isn't currently available anywhere would you be most excited to find legally streaming?
What do we all have in common besides our genes that makes us human?
What do you think girls rooms looked like before the popularity of the mirror selfie in the 2000s? Like did Betty have girdles laying on the floor in the 50s?
What was the scariest experience of your life?
What is the count of you for taking meals in a day as usual?
How does it taste like to kiss someone's lips?
What’s something you’d likely suck on in a dark alley?
Ambulance drivers or ambulance paramedics of Reddit what was your weirdest experience ?
What wouldn’t Jesus do?
Who's the worst main character to have ever been shown in Western cartoon/animated media, and who's the character in said show that could've been a better main character?
If You Could Only Donate to 1 Organisation, Which One Would You Choose?
Which sub do you read to fall asleep?
emergency room employees of reddit, what’s the worst stories you have?
What would be the last thing you'd say before someone pushes you off onto a swimming pool?
Conservatives of Reddit, what is something that you appreciate about liberals? Liberals of Reddit, what is something that you respect about conservatives?
Gay guys and straight women of Reddit is there something the gay guys normally look for in a man that women don’t look for or vice versa, and if so, what is it?
What is the best TV episode you have ever seen and why?
What is a basic skill that everyone should have but not that many people do?
When did you finally decide to grow up ?
What is the craziest game of hide and seek/ tag you have ever had?
If your state has a law that is in contradiction with federal law, which one do you obey and why?
If you could revive any person that has ever lived for a year, who would it be?
What's something good that happened to you today?
What's the smartest comeback you've ever told someone?
What is your favourite Disney movie?
If life had an instant replay feature, what would you be most excited to use it for?
Bank tellers, what's the weirdest thing that has ever happened at your job?
How do you kill time?
What is your most fond memory with your significant other?
how you react if you crush said they liked you back as much as you do?
What's your favorite Pokemon?
If you could choose how to die, how would you?
What was your favorite childhood candy?
If you’ve seen it, what are your thoughts on the Netflix movie No Escape Room?
What is the craziest display of excess that you have seen from a person that is NOT wealthy?
What's the most cringe thing you've been trying to forget you did?
Where does tobaaco sauce not belong?
What could have helped "The Happening" be a great (or at least good) movie?
Which celebrity can make a good president of the United State of America ?
What is your favorite music video and why?
Reddit, what is something that people are self-conscious about that actually makes them really attractive?
What's something you've always wanted to do? What's stopping you?
If you ever been blocked, what happened?
What’s everyone’s favorite spooky song?
What is a Lebron James?
In your opinion, what song cover is better than the original?
What is an underrated album that people need to listen to?
What’s the ideal dog breed and why?
What is something that your partner did (at the time) that made you go “it’s time to breakup”?
What's your best story of a time you 'shit where you eat'?
Have you ever experienced existential crisis (existential dread), and if so what did you do to get past it/overcome it?
Gamers of Reddit what is your favorite Horror game of at the moment?
If your life was a TV show, what song would you want the opening to be to?
[Serious] What boundaries/rules did you set with your partner, that made your open relationship really work and kept both parties happy?
What’s the most accidentally NSFW thing you’ve done in public?
What is your biggest regret in life ?
What’s the scariest thing that’s happened to you while camping?
Postmen/postwomen of Reddit, what was the trickiest mail to deliver?
If you were the president of the whole world for 5 years. what will you do?
Redditors who have changed in appearance in some fashion, how is life different now?
If you could make 1 thing taste like another, what would you pick?
What's the last full album you listened to? And by who?
What’s a common misconception people associate with self love and self care?
Parents of Reddit, what is a story that exemplifies Bill Burr’s idea that toddlers are essentially tiny drunk people?
What lie or embellishment do you always make about yourself and what’s the actual truth?
What is often misinterpreted as a red flag in a relationship but actually easy to sort out?
If you’re in a mental hospital, how would you convince the doctors that you’re okay?
Europeans of reddit, what are you taught about the French Revolution?
What’s the best excuse for being an hour late to work?
How does the state of the world today make you feel?
What's the craziest conspiracy theory you 100% believe in?
Have you ever seen a dead body in real life, and if so what was experience like for you?
What do you do while you want to spend your free time when no options seem to be?
People of reddit how would you describe colour to a blind person?
What's the one murder case that gives u the chills?
Were there any "out" lgbtq teachers when you were in school, if so were they treated badly due to the fact that they were on the Lgbtq community?
How can one survive in a world of lying, dishonest, selfish, manupilative people?
Okay AskReddit, What is your advice for a new adult trying to differentiate between the programmed paranoia (from years of mental abuse) and what is real about the world?
What do you guys think should be the standard frames-per-second in animations be, the new trendy 60 fps, the regular 24, or something completely different?
What sound (ads, shows, movies, series, other songs, etc.) isn't sampled yet but should? What genre of music would fit well according to you?
Why did so many German people like Adolph Hitler?
What's your weirdest fetish that you have kept a secret... until now?
What are your two favorite fonts- for practical and aesthetic purposes?
When did you stop not giving a fuck to what others think?
What non-Miyazaki films contain the best moments of ma (emptiness between the action and the dialogue)? "Best" as in the most integral to the progression of the film, and/or "best" as in most pleasant to watch?
Have you ever seen someone you know in real life on the internet talking about you? What did they say, and how did you react/feel about what they said?
What's the best way you know how to derail a conversation?
What off brand product is actually good?
How would you describe your current financial situation as of today? Has the pandemic affect you or benefited you financially?
Which is your favorite dog breeds and why?
What are the most legitimate conspiracy theories?
What's something you thought you were the only one but found out there's many of you on reddit?
To those who do volunteer work or charity work: what do you do?
What’s your Pixar movie hot take that could cause an argument?
What's something nerdy but you love it anyways?
What's your most contrversial opinion that you never say because of the backlash you might get?
Alright, Redditors, time to open up; what was your first heartbreak like, and what led up to it?
If a person dies in a crash, how is their housepet found?
How would you describe the taste of Mountain Dew to someone who's never had it before?
What would the Internet History of historical figures look like?
What’s the most hurtful thing someone has said to you?
Have you ever had an experience where you dreamt of something only for the exact thing to happen in the future? What was it like?
[Serious] Who is most likely to start the next world war?
What's the thing that you can basically do but others find it difficult?
Reddit when did you see someone who deserved it get beat TF up?
What's a nice gesture you can do for a coworker to show you care without it being weird?
What's something you wanted to do or try, but couldn't because you didn't have who with?
If everybody on Earth right now is taken back to 10,000 B.C with our current level of knowledge, how long would it take to rebuild society back into what it is today?
What is your idea of a perfect neighbour?
What's something you've found you never knew you would?
For 24 hours you can do anything with no one stopping you and no repercussions for your actions. What would you do?
In an average week, how many meals do you eat from delivery, dine in, or drive through services?
What's your funniest police arrest story?
Police and Psychiatrists, why do men rape? Are they just animals?
What's something that you want your kids to experience because you never got to?
What’s the best advice/tip you can give someone in life?
What old/classic game or movie should have a adaptation?
Service members who have had to notify next of kin, what was it like sharing one of the worst moments of a stranger’s life? How has that duty effected your mental health long term?
Have you ever spanked your partner? What was her reaction? Did you end up doing it more often?
What is the most you have eaten in one sitting?
What song reminds u of your mother?
How is it goin?
What was your high-school yearbook quote?
What's the worst thing you have ever said to anyone?
What’s the funniest dirty joke of all time?
If you could create your own political party, what would you call it and what would your first policy be?
People who don’t cook and order food every day
What’s a moment that meant a lot to you, but is likely insignificant to the person you shared it with?
what is your biggest obsession?
What's your dream or goal in life?
What are your best finds at a flea market, estate sale, or thrift store?
What's the worst or weirdest Christmas gift you have ever gotten?
What are some y’all’s best pick up lines?
What is a theory that you 1000% believe in?
What's a celebrity in your country who is absolutely huge there and nowhere else in the world?
What’s the greatest pickup line of all time?
What's something you keep a secret irl but tell everyone on the internet?
Americans: Which is your favorite of the 50 United States, and how many of them have you lived in?
What's the worst thing your parents have ever said to you, and how did you react?
What do you feel is an underrated album in your favorite artist's discography?
Soldiers of Reddit, why do you fight for your country?
What game has the most chill fan base?
Why was the "hated kid" hated at your school?
Where to buy graphics card at MSRP?
If time travel was possible at this current moment, what would you change first?
What's your least fav country and why?
Whats your favourite way to annoy someone?
What's one thing you have always wanted to tell your parents but never had the guts to?
People of reddit, what do you think will happen if the human went extinct?
If you could tell the world anything at the moment what would it be?
What does you think of indians?
People with a disease, any disease (can also be a disability, injury, mental health issues etc etc), how does it affect your life, and how do you deal with it?
Firefighters of reddit. If an apartment only has 1 fire extinguisher in a 2 story, 8 unit building, in a shared laundry room, and management posted a note saying the door to this room should be locked while not in use, what can someone do to tell them it's a hazard?
What is the creepiest thing that happened while playing a multiplayer game (irl or video)?
Who was your first love and how did you know you loved them?
What's something that even a very poor person should splurge on and pay top dollar for?
When u see a hot girl what do you think first before you approach her ?
When/where was the last time you used a coupon?
What’s your go to weekday meal?
Did anything surprise you when you lost your virginity?
Whats a good way to make a boring job fun?
What is the “poverty” food you had as a kid that you still enjoy today?
Jews (even non-Jews), what would you do if God says that you’re the messiah?
Do you hate kpop? Why or why not?
Why has the circulating supply of shiba gone up?
What is the most horrible thing you have ever did to someone, did you regret it later on?
What is a common car practice that you absolutely despise?
You are in college studying to become a vet, your roommate is a vegan girl who eats meat for the first time and she becomes so obsessed with it that she becomes a cannibal. What would you do?
What's your favorite YouTube video?
What is one story from your ancestors (at least 3 generations back)?
What is your favorite things about butts?
How come thoughts tend to come true? Is it intuition or just good prediction of how situations play out?
What’s an underrated place to live?
What's one new trend on social media you don't understand the popularity of?
If you could change one thing about this world, what would it be?
What is currently your favourite song?
Why indians don't use reddit?
Redditors with OCD, what is something you would like everyone to know?
What is your favorite podcasts ?
What are some things about society that you hate the most?
When Did You Realize Your Friend Was Secretly a Frenemy?
How is google pixel 6 camera? Is those really as good as iPhone 13 or Samsung Galaxy S21 ultra? What do you think?
People with dimples, how often do others mention them?
Long term friendship - Exit stage left. What was your final nope/not anymore/not doing this/don't come back moment?
Hey Reddit, what's the most high-end niche product you're aware of?
People who have organised their lives, how did you do it? Do you have any advice for anyone else who is trying to get themselves together?
Which celebrity isn't really overrated but just ain't your type?
What is your pettiest complaint about being an adult?
What was the first digital camera that you could view the pictures on the screen on the back of the camera?
People of Reddit who hold executive level titles at their job with a large company: you ever feel disconnected/lonely or at your company as far as making normal work friends to shoot the shit with?
Think of the tween- young adult you're closest to, what book would you absolutely insist he/she/they read as this person coming of age?
You gain the ability to teleport one thing anywhere in the world to you with a snap, what would you you teleport?
You must have sex with the closest thing next to you in order to save Earth. How screwed are you?
How petty are you?
So, what's for breakfast?
What is the general consensus on eating ass on the first date?
Whats something you love that everyone else thinks is cringe?
software engineer redditors - what's the best "backend developer roadmap" (list of topics for study) that helped you in your career?
What did you do with your pet when they died?
What have you said that blew someone's mind?
What is your headcanon for why the toys are sentient in the Toy Story franchise?
[Serious] Where is the line between wannabe deep lyrics and actual deep and meaningful lyrics to you?
What can a 21 year old legally do that a 18 year old can't do?
Who is the most influential person in your life that you've never actually met?
What is a subreddit that you can't stand?
Folks, what is the most wholesome thing you’ve done?
[serious] software engineer redditors - what's the best "backend developer roadmap" (list of topics for study) that helped you in your career?
What’s great about where you live?
If you could afford any present for anybody, what would it be and who would it be for?
When it comes time to eat the rich, what recipe are you going to try first?
What are you famous for?
What's something about insects that annoys you?
People of reddit, what memories do you have with the Age of Empires Franchise?
What is something that you still insist on happening or saw that no one else would believe?
What do you think the darkest children’s game is, including video games?
Do you believe in soulmates? Why or why not?
What Is your zombie apocalypse survival plan?
What language is the most attractive?
Mothers of Reddit, was pregnancy scary for you? If yes what was the scariest experience you had?
OBGYNs/Proctologists of Reddit, what made you choose to work in that field?
What is the most fucked up thing your friends have told you?
Parents of reddit, can you explain the emotional connection you have with your child and what it's like to have to watch them move out?
To those who work in fabrication or engineering, whats the worse accident thats either happened to you or someone else whilst wielding?
What stigma do you hate?
What according to you is worth the hype?
“Fortunate Son” is seemingly used in every Vietnam War movie. What songs will they one day use in movies about the war in Iraq/Afghanistan?
What sport do you enjoy playing but don’t enjoy watching?
If you could have been told only one thing about your most recent ex on the day you first met them, what would you have wanted it to be?
What is your favorite video game and how did it come to be so?
What are the peppers in the "condiment" area of the hawker stalls in Singapore?
What story do you have about "biting the hand that feeds you"?
Redditors who don't cry so easily, what's the last thing that did it for you?
What are some TV shows that just ruthlessly and realistically killed off main characters whenever?
Hardened connoisseurs of reddit what's your guilty pop culture pleasure?
What’s a family secret that you didn’t know until you were older?
If you could live anywhere in the world where would you live and why?
What is the worst holiday to be stuck in during a groundhog style timeloop?
What is your relationship like with your father vs your mother?
Why did you choose that name as your user name?
What’s your city/state/country’s paranormal story?
Who are more victims of online financial scams, the youth or the elderly?
What's your favorite adult joke?
Who are some of the hottest Gods of all time?
What major hurdle are you trying to leap over in life right now?
What is your ideal sandwich?
Americans why do you call a liquid gas?
What’s a situation that you’ve been in that could’ve gone much worse than what actually happened?
What’s a real life Fawlty Towers moment you have experienced?
Which actor of Hollywood is your crush?
What 90s band would you bring back?
How do you cope with the inevitability of death?
People who have met or worked with billionaires, what are they like?
What's a show or movie that made you genuinely think you could do a better job making?
What made you realise that romantic love is not as portrayed in movies and books ?
What is a food item you can't find near where you live that you miss very much from where you grew up?
What is the best middle-eastern dish?
Can someone keep a baby they just found? Why or why not?
What's an old-timey slang phrase you love?
If you could live a day in the life of someone you know personally, who would it be and why?
What are some good University/College Study Tips?
Dad got diagnosed with prostate cancer last week. What's your cancer story, and how did it turn out?
When was the last time you were kind to someone?
What would the world be so much better of without?
Assuming after death is reincarnation. What links your current life to your new one if you don't have memories of the past one?
What screams 'violence' when it doesn't even have anything to do with violence?
Fast food workers, what's the weirdest order you ever received?
Why do you (and critics) like Dune?
What is everyone’s favorite scary movie?
Whats something simple you can't do because it gives you too much anxiety?
What character flaw can you not seem to fix and how do you work around it?
How often do you turn your phone off?
If you were the POTUS for 30 minutes, what would you change?
[Serious] what to get (besides meals) the wife of a guy who had triple bypass surgery yesterday?
If 9/11 didn't happen, what do you think is the current state of our world today?
If you could be part of any Tv franchise's reality as real life what would it be?
What costume are you going to wear for Halloween?
What sport sounds ridiculous when you put it in simple terms?
While the Americans are sleeping - what do you wish you knew more or understood about them?
If you could choose what your taxes went to, what would you choose to pay for?
People of reddit,what is the most absurd thing that people fell for?
How do y’all deal with the fact that we’re all going to die one day or that ur loved ones pass away and your still gonna be here?
What do you talk about too much?
Teachers of reddit, what student do you wish you could read the mind of?
A "Build-A-Mate" service was created. Which 5 qualities would you put in the machine to produce the "perfect mate" for you?
What is your favorite place?
How are you doing recently?
What is a sad song you listen to over and over?
What is a food you craved obsessively for awhile and couldn't get enough of? How long did the phase last?
What show do you hate but you can’t stop watching?
U.S. residents, what is the worst state to live in and why?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that happened to you at school?
Why would a woman want to marry her babys father if she doesn’t love him like that, in texas?
what are your favourite sports?
American redditors, conspiracy theory time, say that the US has enough personnel to prevent illegal immigration, but for some reason it does not, and now thousands of immigrants have illegally crossed in and had anchor babies thus creating new american citizens, what could be the agenda behind this?
You can choose one species to bring back from extinction, which species would it be?
What was your favorite place to vacation and why?
What is something silly a significant other has done that definitely wasn’t a deal breaker but you had a hard time forgiving them for?
Who is a character from a show or movie from a generation before yours, that you had had crush on?
Is there a book you read when you were younger that still interest you today?
What is something you are not willing to admit in person, but willing to admit online?
How does one fight the urges to get high after being sober for few days and feeling conflicted on what to do?
You are in the last film you saw, how well off are you?
People who get a match on a dating app, wait for them to make the first move and then never talk to them again, how's life treating you?
Married people of Reddit: What did you wish you knew before you got married?
What movie, tv show, book was hyped up so much but when you saw it you couldn't get the hype?
What do you do with your paper receipts?
People who have there birthday on Christmas, what do you do?
What are some of the best cartoon and animated series of the 90's?
What band did you see before they became famous?
What size milkshake do you usually get?
What are things that you've sold at school?
Tesla stock holders of reddit, what do you think makes Tesla so valuable?
What song cover is better than the original?
Where is your favorite place to masturbate?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen written on someone’s shirt in public?
What was the most arrogant thing a celebrity has done?
Who is the most attractive person?
Have you ever skipped jury duty? What was the consequence?
(serious) what do you think about people who don't keep in contact very much (slow to reply to texts, rarely uses social media, never calls etc.)? Is this a negative trait that should be changed, or just the way some people are?
Reddit, what should we do to improve the quality of life in Mexico and other Central American countries that people have to flee from?
How do you like to eat (talking, watching TV, multitasking, nothing, etc)?
People who do boring tasks like studying/job for 8-10 hours how do you keep yourself motivated & full focused? [Serious]
We all know what solid advice is. What about the other states of matter? What liquid or gaseous advice can you give someone?
What’s your favorite American Dad quote?
What do you do when you're bored and the vibes feel off?
Dog owners of Reddit: for those of you that don’t pick up your dog’s feces, why don’t you?
What get rich quick scheme did you try and actually worked?
How has DND and other tabletop games helped your life?
In the totality of human existence what percentage of the time do you think has been spent in pain?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen on a porn site?
What invention have you been mentally working on?
What do you fear and what caused said fear?
What's your most favorite sex position and why?
There are a lot of different styles and types of RAP MUSIC, and legends have come from all around the world, but what CITY produces the best rappers and why?
People with family heirlooms, what’s the story behind it?
What’s your shower routine?
Redditors that live near fault lines, what does an earthquake feel like?
Cruise ship workers of Reddit, what’s the craziest story you’ve got from working on a ship?
What's something you want to say to your friend but cant?
What Halloween costume is overused?
What was the most scathing RateMyProfessor review you've ever read?
What's something you thought for sure would fail but ended up being a huge success?
What films of the last ten years would you describe as being cultural phenomenon similar to classics like Die Hard, Ghost Busters, and Back To The Future?
What’s the most embarrassing thing to happen to you that sounds like it came out of a cartoon?
What is a daily simple task that you absolutely dread doing after you come home from a long hard day at work?
What is the best superpower to have?
Who do you think would do the best job running your country and why?
What is the biggest disappointment/letdown?
What is your “least meaningful” memory that, for some reason, you will never forget?
Remember that pivotal life-changing decision. How do you imagine your life would be if you’d chosen the other path?
What happens when you pour leftover vegetable oil down the kitchen drain?
What recent trends in films do you dislike?
You can eat any kind of food in existence, even in movies or video games, what is it?
What is the most underrated forgotten kids show you grew up watching as a kid?
If there were an afterlife, what do you wish it would be like?
What's a movie that eventually became eerily prophetic?
What is your experience with astral travel and have you seen a zetaredkey?
What are some of the most similar games to Clash of Clans?
What is your favourite TV show?
People with master's/PHD'S, how useful have you found them?
What are some things you wish you enjoyed but just can't bring yourself to like?
How do time zones work to give us only specific times at a y given time?
What is the one career decision that you wish you had made, but didn’t?
What do you all think about Robert Downey Jr's blackface role in Tropic Thunder?
40yr olds & over, what songs are on your mix tape?
You have to defend yourself from a murderer with the object closest to your right hand. How are you going to do?
What are some horror movies that are so bad they’re good?
If you were reincarnated after you die, what would you choose to be?
Which woman in your life has had the most impact on you?
What would you like to accomplish before 2022?
How much do things cost in prison (Including Contraband)?
What's the most annoying frequent AskReddit repost?
What is the craziest thing you've eaten?
What was the most meaningful scientific discovery of all time?
How can Ben&Jerry's be convinced to make a chocolate and cookies and cream ice cream with chocolate chip cookie dough pieces and brownie chunks?
What is the most valuable thing in the world? Happiness?
What’s the funniest thing you can say after a fart?
What’s an item that you lose all the time that you’re pretty sure nobody else loses all the time?
What is the worst thing happen in your life but it also change your life?
What does "country" music mean/sound like in your country?
What current movies do you think will be remembered as classics in the future?
What’s something you’ve done ironically so much that it just became part of your personality?
What is the most shameful thing you have done?
What is one unbelievable thing you have done/ has happened to you that you simply keep it to yourself because if you tell people they’ll think you are crazy?
What’s the worst ways you’ve seen a gender reveal done or horror stories about one?
What tastes as good as or similar to red mountain dew but is more healthy?
Gays, how to eat bussy?
Who’s your best Instagram page and why?
What is your favorite song and why?
What’s the most adventurous or fearless thing you have done while traveling?
So what do y'all think of the whole mandela effect phenomenon?
What things you learned at school are still useful in your life?
For people not from the US but have visited, was it what you had thought it would be like?
People who borrowed money from a friend and never paid it back, what's your story?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever seen or heard of happened at someone’s funeral?
What is your “They can’t fire me” moment?
What happened in 1989?
What are the worst things you’ve ever seen at someone else’s wedding?
What does a 'good life' mean to you?
What is the best experience you had seeing your children grow up?
What’s a random anecdote from your life that you think about often, but never have a reason to share?
You are time traveling back in time to Ancient Rome and can bring with you a single item that is worth 5$ or less in today's dollars. What do you bring?
What's the dumbest most unrealistic thing Hollywood does?
Truckers of Reddit, what do you wish the common commuters could understand?
What’s something you once thought was completely normal but later found out was NOT at all?
What would be your Pokémon name?
How is your current parking situation?
What do you find oddly satisfying?
What did you end up doing after college/university?
What game flopped the hardest and why?
A generation has passed since a massive ground to ground troop war has occurred. We are passed that, but war is inevitable... How many days are we away from drones, mechs, and etc from fucking us all?
What's the weirdest thing that you have heard your partner say while making love?
What is your most embarrassing "buying condoms" story?
What is your favorite piece of wall art you have up in your home?
What's some good news no one is talking about?
What movie or tv show has the best ending?
How do you successfully dodge the IRS?
late night retail workers, what is the most strangest thing you’ve encountered with teenager(s) during a shift?
Whats the reasoning for Massachusetts not allowing out-of-state identifications for alcohol purchases?
You’ve heard of pretty privilege… What about average height privilege?
People of Reddit that are hot natured, how do you deal with cuddling your significant other?
Who has had the best enemy to friend arc in your life story?
What childhood memory didn't make sense until you grew up?
What is the most fake story you read on Social media?
What does tripping on LSD feel like?
What’s something that’s illegal, but you wish wasn’t?
What are you supposed to do with your hands while sleeping?
One day you look at yourself in the mirror and it breaks, how would you react?
How would you word your only “wish” so an evil genie couldn’t misinterpret it?
People who snack on the bed: Why?
People that stressed out over a ridiculous WebMD self diagnosis only to have it be correct, what happened?
What is your favorite online animation?
What’s the most absurd thing a significant other has requested of you?
People who have done illicit drugs, what was your first experience like?
How do you make friends?
People who had a near death experience what’s your story?
What mythical creature is your country/state most famous for?
What percentage of your meals are home cooked vs. boxed/canned/premade/takeout?
What small things on Reddit bring you joy or keep you coming back?
Does it matter what emergency room you go to? How does an emergency situation work?
What is something on the internet that you still think is fucking hilarious?
What is the weirdest thing you've used as a bookmark?
What is the manhwa that has the guy who makes Easter eggs, and the game is brought into the real world?
What is actually NOT a talent ?
People with a fear of Snakes, what makes you so Afraid of them?
What movie has been burned into your brain for life, and now you have to talk about it endlessly, no matter how hard you try not to?
Where are you now and what are you doing?
What movie made you cry the most?
What are some good songs to play when you are feeling down?
What is it like to have a small penis?
What attracts you to a woman without nudity ?
What is a thing that could kill you if you touch it?
What are common things that make you smile?
Do all schools check their students school account web history. Also do they do it in a regular basis like every few days and if yes how do they check all students history considering there is hundreds of students and some of them open tens of tabs daily?
What's the most annoying thing you've ever had to endure?
During a job interview, how do you answer "so tell me about yourself?" Any tips that seem to work for you?
We all stand against Racism, Sexism, Homophobia ect. Why don’t we hear people fighting against financial aspects such as credit scores, housing, medical cost or living expenses. It seems like a major issue in the U.S that we all deal with but don’t hear much about?
What are some of the most underrated American inventions?
Transgender people, at what age did you realize you’re trans, come out, and start socially transitioning and stuff?
What is a smell that you enjoy that would be considered unusual or uncommon?
What was your favorite toy during childhood?
How easy would it be for you to leave everything behind?
What is the stupidest thing someone bullied you for ??
What is a typical day like for a child prodigy?
How do you feel about women in Hollywood who refuse to be typecast?
Anyone ever have a near death experience? What do YOU think happens when we die?
What has been your favorite Christmas gift you got or was given to you?
People who have run from the police, what’s the story behind that?
People that have lost their sense of taste and smell: what do you eat?
What is the most sweetest thing someone has said to you or sweetest gift sent to you ?
What was the last book you read? How was it?
What is one article of clothing that instantly makes you look like a villain or hero?
Waiters and waitresses of Reddit, how often do you have customers who eat alone? Specifically at sit down restaurants. If so, do they ever mention it feeling embarrassing?
Which supervillain power would you use to do good for the world and how?
TSA agents of reddit, do you care about pot pens/vapes that come through security? What do you do if someone has one?
What is the stupidest reason you’ve been written up or fired?
Who fucked up love for you?
Name a modern work of fiction How far back in time you could go and tell the basic story without meeting a cruel fate as a result?
What are the most annoying reddit comments?
What are some examples of Occam's Razor?
What is the best worst movie you’ve ever seen?
Reddit Mobile users! What are some good games to play from the Google Playstore?
What has been discovered recently?
What’s the most ridiculous thing you’ve had to pay money for?
What talking animal combo would make the best movie?
What's the scariest thing that happened to you?
Medical examiners of Reddit, about how long does a full autopsy take to determine cause of death?
What's the biggest 'Uno reverse card' moment you've experienced or seen?
What the heck really is neurodivergence ?
Why we only remember traumas when we thought about nostalgia?
What would a 'G' rated sex scene look like?
What is your love story ?
What brands of ranch dressing are most similar to Jack in the Box ranch?
What is your most proudest achievement?
What was the funniest thing to happen while going through a haunted house/ maze/ etc?
What was the strangest thing that ever happened in your school?
How challenging is it to win an election in a U.S state House of Representatives? Do you need lots of money? Are most state congressmen also lawyers?
If you had a pokemon type, what would it be?
Hispanics of Reddit which is more scary: la chancla or la llorona?
What's your secret to a happy marriage?
What’s your “You had to be there,” story ?!
What do you think is beyond infinity and beyond?
What are some good movies in the Romantic Fatalism genre?
How will the next pandemic go?
What’s the stupidest way you’ve lost something important?
Whats the cheapest and the best future proof upgradable laptop for basic computing?
What would item would you own, or what passion would you pursue, if you had the means to do so?
You know how in Monsters, Inc. they use odorant to make themselves smell bad? If that movie were rated R, what odorant scents would exist in that universe?
Those having made life changing decisions and they worked out, what's your story?
Which are your favorite Spanish-language movies?
When’s a time you thought something was a scam but it ended up being the real deal?
Your username describes your next child. What are they like and who is the other parent?
What would your reaction and attitude be if a zombie apocalypse happened in the world?
Where do you want to be a year from now?
What song has caused you to have the best cum of your life, or is your favorite song to throw on for intimate times?
What if Taiwan moved forward by not calling itself the Republic of China?
What is one thing you’ve experienced in your life(if you have any)that led you to believe you might be in a simulation?
How do you feel when college classmates take the same course twice, and then brag that their grade was better than your first attempt?
What are some justifiable lies?
Hey Reddit, turning 29 on the 29th, how do you celebrate your golden birthday?
What is something everyone believes is mindlessly easy until they actually have to do it themselves?
If you where told to eat your body weight in food. What food would you choose?
[NSFW] What did you do to end up in horny jail?
What's a good long lasting belt?
What was your favourite thing from the school canteen or cafeteria?
What Happened To "Post Insights" In Reddit?
For those who quit corporate life, what are you doing now?
What are things like playing the lottery you should do when you’re feeling lucky?
What are you excited about for 2022?
What did you do to end up in FB jail?
People who have had the new Burger King ghost pepper chicken nuggets, what are they like and do you recommend them to other people?
What do you want a reboot of?
Ok seriously, what's with the extended warranty calls?? what in the actual F is the deal with these calls?? Why are (exaggerated number here) 90% of Americans being inundated with them??
Hey Reddit! If you had only one episode to convince someone to watch your favorite TV show what episode would it be and why?
what is the most disturbing crime that you've heard of?
What Is Something That Most People Learn Only After It’s Too Late?
In your opinion, who is the "Bob Ross" of music?
What Did You Think Was Cool Then, When You Were Young But Isn’t Cool Now?
What is a moment in your life that shaped you to be who you are today?
When you take your dog(s) out alone at night, do you wish you could see/hear what they do, or are you GLAD you can't?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
what body part are you most attracted to and why?
What's the weirdest thing your GF or BF said during sex that made cringe?
What is something you keep in your home that you are unwilling to share?
What will you go out of your way to avoid?
What was something back then that has retained popularity until now?
Where do you find your best deals for new barbies?
Guy who streams all the time raising money for homeless…? Pirate music, freestyle…?
What is the most auto pilot thing you did when you were under pressure?
What happened the last time you were involved with a mental health crisis?
What’s a TV show from your childhood and no one else would remember ?
What discontinued fast food item do you either miss or wish you had a chance to try?
Bedtime, time to sleep...when will you join the club?
What health problem do you think we will have a cure for soon? And how soon do you think?
How do you guys think police on police violence can be prevented?
If you could travel back in time and bring one thing that would amaze people, what would it be and why?
How important was Halloween to you while growing up?
What are people mostly motivated by?
For those who got better with communication with your SO, how has it changed your relationship?
Have you ever seen something you owned on set of a TV show or movie, if so, what was it?
What do you think the opposite sex criticizes about yours too often?
if someone asked a sfw question on AskReddit, how would you feel?
[Serious] What was "The Event™" at your school/workplace?
What is something everyone else seems to absolutely love that you just despise or dislike?
What will never be finished for better or worse?
When did LinkedIn become Facebook?
What subreddit do you want to criticize and why?
What are some good ways to help avoid losing all faith in Mankind?
A time traveler sends you back to before COVID, saying "see if you can do better than I did". What do you do to curb the upcoming disasters?
If you could steal something without being caught, what would you steal?
What’s something you see online often but could never relate to?
At what height does a guy or girl officially become “tall” in your mind?
Redditors who could not find their ambitions in life, what are you doing now?
What makes you motivated to do what you love?
What was the most disturbing PSA or after school special you ever saw?
What’s the funniest thing you can think of saying using only jeopardy based answers?
What would you change about the way you’ve been treated by a physician?
What’s your deal breaker in a relationship?
What job title sounds a lot cooler than it is?
Karen's are everywhere even Reddit. What's your story of talking/debating with a Karen?
What mythical or fictional creature would be terrifying if it actually existed?
What is something so miniscule, that shouldn't even be a second thought, get such an unnecessary reaction from people?
If the devil wants your soul how much does he need to pay?
What do you prefer a cold or a warm shower and why?
What should one always be suspicious of?
What advice would you offer for someone trying to drop out of a friend group that's been together for multiple years?
What’s something you wish you could change about yourself ?
What was some scary events that happened to you when you where younger?
Hey fellow Redditors, What is something you’re looking forward to?
Have you ever experienced a haunted trailer (mobile home), or knew someone who did? What kinds of things went on?
Women of Reddit, how tall are you and what is the shortest guy you would date or have been with?
Like the PornHub intro, or THX, What are some iconic intro sounds you instantly recognize even out of context?
In your opinion, what is the scariest real thing on Earth?
What is the funniest thing to happen to you or someone else in an unfunny or bad situation?
What was your greatest comeback?
Just to fuck with those that don't know, what is a 'totally correct' answer for what pc means?
What horror movie scared you the most?
What would younger people not understand about your childhood?
Which movie absolutely haunted you as a child?
At what age did you stop trick or treating , and just used Halloween as an excuse to dress like a slut and get drunk ?
How did the bullies at your school get screwed over?
Savory or sweet and why?
How do you deal with the fact that you live in America ( greatest country in the world ) but aren’t living to your full potential ?
Is there a way to reject a girl who loves you without hurting her feelings??
What is the weirdest reason you've cried?
What's the creepiest/scary short story you've heard?
What’s the stupidest reasons you’ve seen people fight about?
When a man asks you what's wrong, and you say "nothing, it's fine", what are you really thinking?
What do you want for Christmas?
How would you compare a cats IQ vs a dogs IQ?
What should be included in a laborers bill of rights?
What collecting hobby can get very expensive real fast?
People into newer forms of income (like OnlyFans and Crypto), what made you look into it and is there still a place for someone new?
What do you find enjoyable about clubbing?
What was it like to live with cousins and siblings at the same time?
What might have happened if there was no concept of religion, only science prevailed?
Christians of Reddit, if Jesus commanded you to suck his dick in heaven, how would you go about doing it?
What’s an TV show that surprised you positively/negatively and why ?
What childhood experiences did you have that ingrained a particular belief into you?
What is something that was worth way more than its cost so it ended up not being available anymore?
What TV/Movie cliches are you tired of?
What is your favourite food?
What's the longest distance you can get by drawing a line through 5 U.S. states?
If you were a team of superheroes, but they were crappy knockoffs, who would they be?
People of Reddit, why do you wish a MF would?
What was the best candy to get in your time?
What rituals do you use to wind your mind down in the evening?
What answer is better than the question?
Who would win in a fight, a lion or a tiger?
What do you usually give more priority to selecting your friends or more than friendship?
How does one become better at literature class?
You are sentenced to life in prison for a crime you did not commit. What do you do?
You die and your consciousness gets uploaded to a horror game. You can die in game, but you have infinite lives. Which game do you choose?
What song makes you nostalgic?
What's something trivial that annoys you?
[Serious] Those who are above 30, how do you deal with the sudden death of a parent?
What's a free source anyone can take advantge of online, or in person?
You have to describe sex in one quote from a kids movie. What quote are you picking?
Can someone explain the appeal of the penn+teller show "fool us"?
What is something incredibly delicious that you will never eat again?
People who have ghosted/ cut off communication with someone after telling them you liked/loved them. Why?
People who used to develop disposable camera photos back in the day or know someone who did, what’s the weirdest or most disturbing thing you’ve developed?
What's something that's a legitimately great value?
When did you have the choice to die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain?
Parents of Reddit, how would you react finding DIY sex toys in your kids room?
What did that one relative do to them the black sheep of the family?
What is your earliest memory?
What's a food that gets tiring after awhile?
What's your "I have no idea how I went away with that but I won't question it" story?
What's a fond memory from your teen years?
If you could experience anything for the first time again what would it be?
What's a commercial that will always live rent free in your head?
When taking a shower, what is the first part of your body you wash?
Sexually active redditor's, what advice would give to virgins?
What is the funniest story in retail that you have experienced?
What's the rarest animal you've seen in person?
If there is alien life what will be similarities between us?
What cartoon characters you had a crush on as a kid and maybe till this day?
What celebrity has the most cult-like fan base?
Who would like to spam a scammer?
When will ask reddit stop being an ask sex stuff?
What was the most terrible event from the 1800s?
What's a character from a movie/show that was supposed to be scary or creepy but wasn't?
What animal do you think could you take in a fight?
Anime/manga lovers of reddit. What do you do for a living and how do you like it?
Whether it be random or meaningful, what dream of your keeps reoccurring?
Which fictional character do you feel like you have met in real life?
What show would you bring back if you had the chance?
What are the things that are done for "sake of formality" but are actually plain stupid?
Which do you think is the best, girls YouTube channel?
Sexually active adults of Reddit, how do you view virgins your age, and how old are you? (Serious)
What M&M do you wanna have sex with?
Why usually the second track on a record is self-titled as the album??
What is best place for fun on internet?
Is there any animal you think was named wrong? What would you call it instead?
Reddit, what is your most liked comment/post?
What stories or legends feature phoenixes, rebirth, or resurrection--the dead rising in glory?
Which arm is on top when you cross them and what about someone near you?
You can only pick 5 Apps to keep the rest have to go, What are they?
What/who are the stupidest characters you've seen in a show/movie that weren't intentionally supposed to be stupid?
What food has a vegetarian version that you like better than the original with meat?
What’s your favorite torture method, even if you haven’t used it personally?
So, fellow Americans(or others who have an opinion), do you think there will be any actual state/country wide conflicts within the next year? Or why won’t there be any conflict even with all the heat?
Final Exam Week: what type of food or events would you like to see during exam week for a mental break?
When was the moment you knew you were in a really healthy relationship?
What is something you should do during your freshman year of highschool?
What unsolved mystery do you think you know the answer to?
Why do you believe or don't believe in the chinese zodiac?
What’s your all time favourite modern day comedy movie?
What is the saddest story you have ever heard?
What was the biggest Fad during your childhood?
What was something said to you by your parents/guardians/teachers/adults, well intended or ill intended, that really messed you up, or deeply affected you as a kid?
What’s equivalent of women’s squirting for men ?
When your fishing, What fish gives the biggest fight?
What is your worst day scenario?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that happened to you today? [Serious]
At what point does alcohol and/or smoking become an addiction?
When did you see the fury of a patient guy?
Why do you think people in shows and movies are so oblivious?
What is the most annoying thing you could do with 15,000 ladybugs?
What is something that use to be cheap but is now expensive?
What is your oddly specific fear?
If you could be told the meaning behind life and the universe but it would cost you your current life, how would you decide what to do?
What do you think is the greatest game ever created?
What was the longest paper you've ever written, in high school or college? What grade did you receive on it? Do you feel that it was worth writing, that is, the paper deepened your knowledge and understanding of the subject?
What was your dream career as a child and what do you do now?
Teachers of Reddit, what's the most Sheldon-Cooper-esque thing you've seen a student do?
You can choose one movie/movie series to watch for the first time again. What do you choose?
Which option would you take, betray your country and live or stand by it and die?
What is your nickname and what's the story behind how you got it?
[nsfw] guys of reddit, at what amount of weekly faps would you think someones addicted to it?
What does “risk” mean to you?
What's the sketchiest way/site to mention to spice up "we met online"?
People who have quit smoking weed. What has changed for you in your life as a result of not being high anymore?
Who is the single worst YouTuber/influencer?
What doesn’t get the appreciation it deserves?
What if someone of your choosing is in front of you, and you can ask them one question. Who is the person and what do you ask?
Why do you think that taking a giant, explosive dump feels so good?
What is the one thing that you want to get rid of?
Reddit, what is the most useful advice you have ever received?
You just won the 102 million dollar Power Ball, what’s your next move?
What is the worst thing about having a penis?
What regrets do you have from your dating life?
What’s the funniest comeback you’ve ever heard?
What is a fetish you have but never tried?
What is that one useful life lesson/advice you've came across on Reddit that has helped you in your daily life?
What do you want?
It's considered gross and disgusting, even beastly, to have a mouth covered in food or drink with it dripping down one's chin. So, why do elegant, sophisticated vampires do it in every movie or show when they drink blood from a goblet? [Serious]
What is the most embarrassing thing your family does?
National Park employees! What are you best stories?
What is your COVID theory for its release into the public?
A D&D table question: Xenomorphs happening across Tribbles, what would happen?
What is something that has seemingly happened to everyone but not you?
What is the fanciest meal you could concoct using only the ingredients in your home right now?
What do you personally think will happen after we die?
How would you find a music video that you saw ages ago, but can't remember the name of the artist or the song?
Who do you think would have enough skill in stealth to be able to set foot in a GTA military base and not get a wanted level?
People who frequent r/antiwork, what post stuck out to you the most?
Employers of reddit: what was the dumbest reason to why an employee quit?
Is there a song/movie/food/etc. that strongly reminds you of someone whenever you experience it? Who does it remind you of?
What’s a hill you’re willing to die on 1000% of the time?
If you could bring one historical person to our world today who would it be? Why? What do you think they would say?
You’re choosing a band name and the name must include a type of cheese, what are you going to call your band?
What is the worst and best bottled water?
What is your darkest fear?
Men of Reddit, what is the most common false stereotype about you?
How do you normally think/imagine? Like do you think in a voice or an image or something else?
What’s something that’s better given than received?
What’s your favorite episode of the Simpsons, and why?
What are your favourite 'Feel Good' movies?
Hey old people, what was it like when everything was black and white?
How much different would life be if we ate with our butts and shit out of our mouths?
What stage in life were you “late” to arrive to? And how did it turn out?
Dear people of reddit who believe in god what do you think of us atheists?
What is the best gift you've received?
Aside from healthcare situation what are some real differences between living in US and living in Canada?
People who were in 10+ year relationships and then broke up, what caused your relationship to end?
What is something you remember vividly that likely never actually happened/existed?
how are you feeling really?
Why do you stay on Reddit? Why do you use this platform?
What is something most people don't know, but REALLY should?
People who faked a condition for medication, what was your reason and how did the medication work out for you?
Who is a celebrity that should’ve never gotten famous?
Older Redditors: Did you ever use one of those "976" dating services, and if so, what happened?
What’s everyone’s latest hobby/passion?
What do you hate most about Reddit?
What are your favorite perfumes/colognes?
Can someone explain what these standalone "emergency care" clinics popping up everywhere are? They demand you pay up front for anything you're billed for and will turn you away if you don't have insurance; what are they?
Why did you let the velociraptor in the house?
What age did you leave home, or when do you plan on leaving?
How long until after a TV show or movie airs/premieres do you think is acceptable to start posting spoilers online?
What are the best songs from movies you know?
What object upset you the most when it accidentally broke?
What would be the funniest place to bring binoculars?
Who was your first love? Why didn’t it work out?
Whats something that's gone up in price this past year due to hoarding/scalping?
People who have taken a break from social media: What was the longest break you took, and how was your experience?
Why do you actually enjoy hugging?
You are given a mission, you have to travel back in time and prevent one net positive for society from occuring, what would you choose(this can be an invention, event, ect)?
If you could give any crime death penalty, what would you pick?
What’s something you think is f#cking amazing, but you don’t think many people know about?
How do you make your pancakes?
What video games are nothing without their modding communities?
What are your favorite Halloween party appetizers?
How it feels to have gf at school?
What is the best risk you ever took?
Why percentage of people would rather do what’s needed to live to be 85, or do what they want to and live to 60?!
What are some Dark psychology tricks to keep toxic people away from you and your home?
What would your reaction be you ran into the last video game character you played as, at the super market?
What is something that almost everyone seems to lie about?
You can pick anyone in the world: Who do you want as your dinner guest? as your close friend? as your lover?
What is the best shampoo for dandruff?
Why the most freelance artists chose Patreon over Ko-fi ?
What is the meaning of a black kitten roaming outside of the emergency room entrance of the local hospital across from the medevac helicopter landing pad?
Questions are boring, what is your question?
What is something that doesn’t last nearly as long as it should?
What’s the dumbest reason you or someone else got fired?
How does clocking a vehicle with radar work exactly? What is the radar legit sensing/reading when it clocks a vehicle? How do cops know which specific vehicle they're clocking?
What dou you think about education systems try to make us stupid?
Who’s the sexiest ugly/ low end average looking guy? Why?
If you can have a fictional character to be with you who would it be and why?
What is an experience you’ve had with casual nudity?
What are some of your favorite things to do with friends?
What's something everyone should have in their home stocked up to barter with In case shit hits the fan?
What’s the dumbest thing you have don’t to impress a girl?
What is an engrained habit you have that has/could bite you in the rear?
Why do you think you're not a genius?
Forgive me for my ignorance-- I'm watching "Impeachment" tonight, and Bill Clinton is not in person when he gives his testimony regarding the Monica Lewinsky affair. He does not testify to the Grand Jury in person and instead is shown live to the jury on a television. Why is this? Special privilege?
What’s the best beach memory you have?
You can either transform into a Tyrannosaurus rex and fight someone turned into Nicki Minaj with an AK-47 to the death or transform into Nicki Minaj with an AK-47 and fight someone who became a T-rex to the death. Which do you do and how do you win?
If you had to go by a fake name, what would your fake name be?
Have you ever used your Reddit jokes in real life? How did it go?
What is the strangest/best/worst thing you have ever woken up to?
You go on to make a program that combines two existing programming languages/software. What are the two languages?
You're all alone in the wilderness. What would your social media post look like?
Which city is your favorite place to visit?
How do you explain to people that they should be courteous to everyone in the first place, as opposed to "everyone should just stick up for themselves"?
An indestructible man is in a loaded subway train moving 50mph. He opens the door and grabs the wall while his feet are planted on the train. What happens?
Prosecutors of Reddit, realistically what would have happened to Detective David Mills after his actions in the movie Seven?
If you had $44 Mil to boost the economy in your city, what would you do?
What is the best senior quote you ever heard/saw?
How usual is it to still feel young at 35?
You are permanently transformed into the first animal you see (real, picture, figure..) - how happy are you?
How much social credits do you have?
What do you feel you missed out on?
What cartoon character is most sexually attracted to you?
Reddit, what makes you die inside?
Why you enjoy doing some crazy violent kinky shit, then after doing it you feel extremely depressed and regretful?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever received on Reddit?
Why do you hate halloween ?
Here’s a fun sensory challenge: what is something particular that we can all smell?
What are you actually excited about?
What topics do you like to discuss?
What celebrities are most likely to be jerks?
Why do you think we no longer repair broken items like our grandparents did?
How do e cigarettes compare to traditional ones ?
Which Tetris piece would you replace your penis with?
What are the goods and bads about being a smoker ?
What is a job you really dont want, and why?
What is your story of "one bad apple spoiling the bunch?"
What famous people would you love to get together?
Your username comes to life what do you do?
What were you taught in school that kids nowadays aren't?
How do you greet someone that others may find offensive?
Do militaries field special "extra charming" units for situations where more finesse is needed?
(For an art project) Q: What's the last (or best) 'What are you wearing' text conversation on your phone?
How long after a date should a guy wait to call?
What does your best kiss feel like?
What’s your average daily reddit screen time?
What are some of the more healthier ways to cope during a breakup?
What do you think is worth spending extra on to get the best?
To any people who enjoy creating videogames, or want to create a videogame but dont have the time or experience; What are some game mechanics/game ideas you've put a sad amount of time into, without acting on that idea?
What did you start using regularly only after the pandemic started?
Muscle worshippers of Reddit, what is your favourite one?
Are Sigma males just Betas who are not confident enough to be an Alpha?
Could you imagine getting rich with vending machines where you can buy used underwear of women?
What is one thing you secretly regret?
If you could go back in time to any year of the last 1,000 years, what year would you visit?
What's a luxury item that is worth the price?
Redditors who did or participated in finding lost or valuable items (buying a storage unit, dumpster diving, magnet fishing), what’s the best thing you found?
What could you not live without?
What is your typical day like?
What's A Song Lyric You Can Also Moan During Sex?
Why did you do that?
What’s something in real life that needs to be done “pixel perfect”?
You have 69 Minutes left to live what do you do?
[Serious] How do you define success?
If someone truly believes what they are doing is right/good no matter how bad, are they truly a bad person?
What are you in denial about?
How does your life look different than it did 18 months ago? What’s the same? How do you feel about it?
Who does number two work for?
What youtube video do you enjoy describing as much as watching?
What is something you spend an unreasonable amount of money on?
Good morning/afternoon/ evening everyone, how’s your day been so far?
People who travel the world, what was the most mysterious phenomenon you ever witnessed?
If you could decide on your cities motto, to be displayed on every sign entering the city, what would it be?
What piece of technical jargon from your profession do you find handy to use in everyday conversation?
What is a good ask Reddit question?
What are you hiding from all your friends and family?
Former gambling addicts, how did you get over your addiction?
What is the weirdest thing that made you horny?
What sex position, apparently hot in porn and literature, proved to be uncomfortable and boring in real? And why?
What makes you refuse to answer a question on this sub?
What year is it really?
"I hope we'll be happy atleast in another life" Having this mindset towards a dead lover. What's YOUR thoughts on it?
With Facebook now turning into Meta, what do you think are the real intentions of Zuckerberg?
What is INFP and ISFP in anime?
What do you do when you're parter keeps your up all night with their snoring?
Those of you who are single only children, what is it that people who have siblings and are in relationships don’t get?
Girls of Reddit, what would an average day in your perfect life look like? Do you have just one ideal life or can you think of more than one?
People of the reddit What do you think should be normal in the society but isn't?
would you want to be famous or a normal person, why or why not?
Well Twitter's down now, how is everyone doing?
Who was the "Local Legend" in your place?
What normal question suddenly becomes extremely creepy if you ask it in a happy tone?
What is your opinion on shifting?And if you do it what method do you use?
If you were traveling at the speed of light and turned on the headlights what would happen?
What if time is really finite and when humanity finally creates the time machine the creator goes back in time to prehistoric times just to start civilization over in their image?
What is something you have enjoyed about the COVID pandemic?
What a recent technology that you can see being incredibly mainstream in the next few decades?
People of Reddit, what's the most perfect-timing moment you've experienced?
People who are quitting jobs, how do you survive now without it?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
What video game character would you love to be and why?
What’s the longest time you have stayed up for?
What are your hobbies and why do you like them?
Did you do something that later became mainstream and what?
What if you never saw a what if question again?
Hermits of Reddit, what is that one thing you have been wanting to shout out during sex but couldn’t?
What do you think of Facebook rebranding as Meta?
If you could have 1 superpower, what would it be?
Farmers of reddit, what is the dumbest/funniest story from working with sheep?
If you get rid the world of one disease what would it be?
What is the most bizzarre event you’ve grieved over?
How do you get over losing someone you love?
What do you after realising no one really gives a damn about you?
What is a petty time you broke the law?
The mob pits you in a grave and buries you alive, what do you do?
What are your favourite songs to play at a party?
People that ask if something is still for sale on fb then never reply when told it is, why?
What do you need right now?
Worst Disney movie and why?
People who have been to prison, what’s it actually like? Is it as bad as it’s made out to be?
A tv series is made about your life what would the show be about?
Your stuck in the western period, you have no money, no way of getting home. What do you do?
How would you react to learning that there are demons from hell on earth that force people fuck their wifes or they will curse them with bad luck?
What’s the nicest thing a stranger has said to you?
What is the weirdest thing your parents caught you doing and how did they catch you?
Why do you use Reddit?
How good are you at small talk?
What’s the hardest thing about adulting that you wish you got prepared for when you were young ?
How much is it worth upgrading to Windows 11?
A playwright is willing to set up a musical based off your life. The songs need to be drawn from the work of a single artist. Who do you pick?
How fast have you seen a new co-worker get fired?
What species would you bring back from extinction?
What do straight guys think when they make long eye contact with another guy?
Why are you still driving a manual transmission in 2021?
If you could go back in history and choose one event to sit in the background and watch it happen what would you pick?
What do people in Australia really think about kangaroos?
What non-sexual OF would be successful?
what are signs that someone is a good person?
Which job is well paid ?
What chores do you enjoy doing?
Reddit peeps, why do you think the Bible is a good / not a good reference on how to live well?
How would you react to learning that different demons keep escaping hell but they all end up as homeless on earth and are hunted down by alcoholic demon hunter?
What villain had good intentions but went about it all wrong?
You wake up in the Paris Catacombs. What do you do?
What fictional character you deeply desire to be dead, but they still alive?
What was the weirdest sleep dream you had in 2021?
What's a fanfiction story so good you consider it canon?
What particular dream can you recall that would make excellent online stock footage?
What do you think about all the pit bull attacks in our country lately?
What advice would you give your 18years old self today If you had the chance?
What did you do that made you go “oh crap, I need to go to bed.”?
It's enjoyable to watch women dance and do baffling things on Instagram reels, but what exactly are the kinds of responses they are looking for?
(Serious) What has been stressing you out lately?
What question would you like to ask doctor Doofenshmirtz?
What is the weirdest fetish you didn’t know existed before seeing it on a subreddit?
If we implemented a system like Japan where traffic is ban for a day how would you feel?
What is the Christmas gift you most want to receive?
What is the best community for BDSM advice, events and general like-minded individuals?
Reddit, what got you out of bed today?
Former inmates of reddit. Do child molesters and child killers really get attacked? What other crimes if any get this treatment?
What is the most disturbing song/album/group/singer you've ever listened too ?
What is surprisingly still not solved or fixed?
If every continent had a war with each other, who would win?
If you could, would you change your sexual orientation? Why or why not?
Reddit, who is the greatest guitarist?
Reddit of people - why am the did was?
What song do you associate with your best memory/period in life?
What common phrase is so musical it could be turned into a song?
What’s something you cannot tell the people around you?
Been tossing and turning for hours, what do you do when you can’t sleep?
Do you use 24 hour time? Why or why not?
How is money created?
What “intellectual orgasms” have you had in your life?
You smell something cooking in your house, then you see a painting of a crying boy hanging on your wall. What do you do?
How did y'all meet your girlfriend?
What villain deserved to win?
Who is your favourite celebrity?
What can we do to eradicate antisemitism?
What's a great low-calorie midnight snack that fills you up?
What is the best thing to do to stop procrastinating?
What's something that you're good at and if someone were to pay for that skill you'd be a millionaire ?
Which word would you use if you could only use one for the rest of your life?
What do you miss the most about pre COVID-19 life?
Why are you the way you are?
Which pain makes you feel alive?
How is "binding arbitration" something legally allowable in the US, and why does it seem like so many companies are starting to use it?
What has been the most awkward/embarrassing moment of your life?
Lawyers of Reddit, what are cases you never expected to win and how’d it go down?
How would you change what lmfao stands for in order to reverse its meaning?
Psychopaths of Reddit, what is your aim in life?
What quote have you heard that you will take with you for the rest of your life?
What is the most relatable Seinfeld moment?
If funeral ceremonies were legally required to play at least one ABBA song, which one would you choose for yours?
[Serious] What book changed your life? And why?
Who framed Roger Rabbit?
What is the worst thing your teacher has said?
What’s a parenting method you saw that made you think “Shit I am lucky”?
How close were you to something great that you almost gave up? What kept you going?
What do you think of traditional methods of education like Colleges and Schools becoming obsolete in near future?
From now on your cum makes non organic things it touches be teleported into British Parlament. How fast would you realise it?
What are the best duos from any animated show?
When did you realize that you were not as good at something as you thought you were?
What is your Favourite day of the week and why?
What was the longest time you slept with no interruptions or wake ups?
Only children who grew up and had multiple kids, what were you suprised to learn about the family dynamic when there is more than one child?
What is the most offensive compliment you’ve ever received?
Who was the richest person you've ever met?
What was the happiest period of your whole life
You gain a magic big bag that has inside every single thing you lost in life. How heavy would it be?
What are you legitimately passionate about?
What is a good name for a racing game?
What song without lyrics slaps?
You gain power to summon a random Hungarian next to you. How would you react?
What tips would you give to a first time cat dad?
how do you think the world would be different if drugs didn't exist?
If you were given a list of everyone who is secretly in love with you, would you read it? If you said yes, and you are secretly in love with someone, what's holding you back from saying so?
Whats your biggest fear about life?
What’s one thing that made you happy today?
what is your biggest pet peeve that you simply cannot look past when it comes to friendships/relationships?
Apparently they can turn your ashes into a CD when you die. What song would play on yours?
Police/Security officers of reddit: What is something that you would consider “paranormal” that you have experienced while on duty?
Farmers of Reddit, where is the best and legitimate place to get a grant to expand or improve your operation?
What’s a fake scenario that you have daydreamed about where the outcome makes you look/feel like a total badass?
What do you want to do most after retirement?
Are you happy in life ? And why or why no?
How important are friends in high school in your opinion?
What is something you wish you had done during your student life?
You can name your private parts after a song, what is the song?
what are some subreddits for asking questions about womens sex ed/sex ed in general?
Which TV/movie actor has a voice that makes you think it’s someone else?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
Which no-holds-barred but never written celebrity autobiography would you most want to read?
You are given the ability to morph into any real living person you wish but there is a 20% chance that the person you morph into will die, what do you do with this power?
Its 2013 everybody, whats the best yo mama joke you have heard?
What is something that you do that feels illegal, even though it's mundane and harmless, and most definitely legal?
What video game knowledge were you able to apply in real life?
What are everyone’s thoughts on the increasing number of vegan and vegetarian restaurants in Europe?
Redditors, Which cartoon character is the embodiment of “I woke up and chose violence”?
What was the funniest dream you had?
What game should be made into a movie?
What song remix/cover is better than the original?
What is a song that everyone loves, but you hate?
You just died. The 10th picture in your gallery is what killed you. What killed you?
What new habit have you formed since the pandemic started?
What is your burden you have to keep carrying?
Do you think Donald Trump’s social media is going to be successful? Why or why not?
What if Tony Stark and vision were the only ones to agree with the sokovia accords?
What are the things that you have not been able to do because of the pandemic?
You turn into a phone. What do you do?
What animal do you want to be extinct ?
[Serious] If you made an online coin (like bitcoin) for your own personal use and others started using it after going viral somehow, could you take it down and keep all the money?
Which movie do you always watch with your friends on a movie night?
What do you think are the limits of making fun of ppl?
What's the craziest WW2 story you heard from your (grand)parents?
What is an American custom you don't understand?
What is something that makes you happy in the world?
How do you cope with knowing you're going to die one day?
What does everyone think about the use of guns?
If you can turn into any Anime Character, who would it be?
How do you fall in love with someone you’ve only met online?
How are bears a racial term to Native Americans?
What’s a conspiracy theory you 100% believe in?
Why a fly bang head on window pane to go out but never seen any banging head to come in from outside?
What secret do you know about someone that would ruin their lives if everyone else found out? (Serious)
Whats one thing you wish you could tell someone if They still were here?
Which side character do you wish had their own show?
If you had the ability to prevent things by thinking about them, how do you think life would be?
[Serious] Why do motivational speakers love anecdotal accounts instead of the objective truth?
What is the most creative dress-up you have seen for halloween?
would you still burp from soda/carbonation if you had it given to you through a feeding tube? if so how?
What do you do in your free time?
What completely made up ailment, almost describes you?
How do you feel about your ex/ex/?
[Serious] People who used to text and drive but don’t anymore, why did you stop?
To the DWAI (0.05-0.07 BAC) recipients, what happened, and were you surprised that you were violating a law?
What's something that you thought would be a total flop, but ended up becoming a resounding success?
If Ursula, the sea witch from "The Little Mermaid" comes to land, will her tentacles somehow transform into legs?
What does your most successful friend do for a living?
What is your favorite dessert?
Who has actually been successfully cancelled?
What chore do you hate the most?
What song describes how your life is going right now?
Where would you think aliens would land if they found earth?
Ladies, how much of a deciding factor is height?
What secret has someone told you about somoone else that they probably shouldn't have told you?
Where was the most strangest place u ever had sex in?
What's an interesting story you're dying to tell?
What's the most comfy sex position for a man?
(Serious) Couples in inter racial relationships, what are some of the stigmas/issues/cultural misunderstandings you and your partner faced? What did you and your partner do to combat these?
What is ur favourite food and why?
Are you Happy? Why?
What is the best couples’ Halloween costume and why?
What’s a terrible movie that is great for a movie night?
What country u would love to visit?
What is the biggest amount of cash u ever had? And how and why were u having it cash?
What do you do for a living?
What is your favorite movie of all time ?
What kind of Hunger Games arena would a blind person thrive in?
If the saying "only Smarties have the answer" is actually true, what question would you ask them?
What's the scariest horror movie you've seen?
What song are you Obsessed with right now ?
what do you think your life would look like if covid-19 never happened?
How do you, personally deal or have dealt with relapses of any kind of addiction?
What is a really minor thing that you find really irritating?
What's the best dad joke you've ever heard?
Aside from incessant ads, what's the worst thing that social media does wrong?
You can keep one Book, one Movie, one Board Game, and one Video Game for the rest of your life, but lose access to all other books, movies, board games, and video games. What are your choices and why?
What TV show, that is not on-air anymore, would you have wanted to see continued?
You are allowed to take one object to the afterlife. What do you take?
Have you ever done something that made you feel like a better person ? What did you do?
What's the most memorable thing you've done in a situation to make it less awkward?
Do ladies like it when their partner has a boner while spooning?
What’s the last song that made you cry, and if there’s a reason, why?
Which superhero would you most like to be?
What’s a joke that only people who use dating apps would get?
What are some problems people only from your country can relate to?
What is a movie that genuinely scared the crap out of you and kept you interested?
What is left of your childhood's dreams? How many have been accomplished? How many have been forgotten?
What is something you've always wanted to ask Reddit?
What movie or tv show needs the ending changed so it’s actually worth watching?
What is your favorite grunge album and why?
What is your favorite movie ever?
What its like being dyslexic?
One Christmas wish comes true for your significant other, what is it?
If your last day in your life came.. what would be your last words?
What is the most affordable/efficient juicier?
What's your least favourite Pokémon and why?
The wierdest dream you've ever had, has become reality. how fucked are we ?
If you have a DEATH NOTE and you can only write 1 person’s name..Who will it be? And why?
What's your secret that could literally destroy your life if it came out?
What's a habit you have that others dislike?
[Serious] What are the three most important things in your life?
What was the most exciting moment in your favorite anime?
People who moved to rule areas from cities how are you adjusting?
What’s your favorite name of something?
What was the first meme you remember?
Whats awesome but sucks at the same time?
What is the worst thing you've ever said or done to someone?
Reddit, with whom does the blame lie for COVID-19?
What are some must watch action, sci fi, fantasy, or overall great movies on HBO and Netflix?
What's a random fact aboot you?
What was the most awkward moment you experienced in your life?
What is an interesting fact/topic that you think everybody should know about?
What are good dog names?
What anime scene made you cry?
What is your sharpest G-rated insult?
What food other cultures eats it wrong?
What is the worst nightmare you've had and what made it so bad?
Got a interview coming in a hour , but _Im not confident will make it, what do you think, should be done in this case ?
What’s the weirdest dream you ever had?
What half-measure did you take that worked out for the best?
Employers/Hiring Managers of Reddit, what is your “and you were doing so well” moment while hiring an employee?
What are some of the most terrifying sleep paralysis experience that you can imagine?
What makes you very jealous?
What makes you really angry?
What was the hardest thing to vote during Minecraft Live?
Why would someone get married in the pre-historic era ? did it even exist back then?
What’s an example of a “win win”?
Who is he smartest person you've personally met, and why do you consider them so smart?
Dear car people of reddit what is the hand signals for send it and rev your engine.?
What is a thing your sister/brother did you can't never forget them?
What's a band you like but don't talk about for fear of social ridicule?
What's your favorite hobby?
How can a cripplingly depressed & poor person pick themselves up and do something with their life?
What advice would you give to your younger self ?
What about "so we all know, bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks, Trix are for kids, kid is another word for baby goat, goat means greatest of all time, Tom Brady is the greatest of all time, he was a patriot, Mell Gibson was a patriot, he's anti semitic, so are Nazis, Nazi=bitches" is wrong?
What TV show does not end with a "weak" last season but stays great (or gets even better) in the end?
What is the first thing you do after getting home from a trip?
What is your power move when an idiot is trying to share his or her opinion with you?
If ants love sugar, and bees make honey, why aren’t bee hives constantly attacked by ants?
What would you order for your very last meal?
What is your favorite movie?
What’s something you wish you could say to someone’s face but don’t have the heart to?
What is your favorite anime opening?
If you were given the opportunity to stay in any fictional place (book/movie) but could never return, where would you go?
What is the best skill to know /learn?
What's the most regretful thing you've ever done as a kid?
VWhat do you want for Christmas?
What was your first favorite album?
Is it ok to cut family out of your whole entire life forever?
What is a better yugioh then toadally awesome?
What was your favorite cartoon character/anime character?
people who don't eat the crust of the bread, when did your life go so wrong?
[SERIOUS] Do bugs that live outside think house bugs are weak? Why or why not?
How horny are you now?
What statement is almost always a lie?
What is a very technical name you can give to an everyday item?
What the hell is "Metaverse" and how does Zuckerberg plan to squeeze even more money out of his users?
What is an odd hot topic in your household?
things you wish you knew about when you started collage/uni?
What will be the lamest, most overused popcultural Halloween costume clishé for 2021? What are those "super unique" ideas that every second people will have?
What will zoomers screw up in the future?
What is one thing u want to say to ur asshole parents in law ?
What moment in your life made you reevaluate life?
How much trade income does the Kiel Canal push through every year?
What is a weird history fact you don't learn in school?
For medical professionals: How common is it to have patients with medical conditions that are difficult to diagnose?
If your fame came from how you died-how would you imagine it happening?
If Cookie Run Kingdom and Danganronpa had a crossover, Who will be the students?
What is the best thing from your childhood that doesn’t exist anymore?
How do you sort posts on Reddit? Why?
Parents of reddit was there a time your kids where playing with their poop?
What are some beautiful things in life that people often overlook?
[Serious] Ride share drivers, what has been the good, the bad, and the ugly while driving?
Why TikTok is so bad compared to other social media apps?
game devs of reddit, what is the most frustrating thing you have encountered?
You're given the power to fast forward time but never backwards. At which times will you use it, knowing that you're spending your own life span in seconds?
Business owners of reddit what made you regret hiring family?
What happened to the company previously named Meta ?
What is the one random thing you saw or did that changed your life?
In the UK which Spice Girl is loved the most?
What is a good subreddit for stories about undercover bosses, or for stories about bosses supporting staff?
How did you know you were in love?
What is your advice about life that you want to share about?
How did poo get on the front of the toilet seat?
What's the thing that is slowly making you insane?
What do you do when someone is being an asshole??
What's the scariest video you know of on Youtube?
How long is the food in your fridge good if you had a power outage?
How much money do you need to feel rich?
What are you fucking tired of?
What's the best thing Reddit has done for you?
What song did we all collectively forget about?
You're given free reign to decide on the next two NetFlix Original Series, and we assume you have access to any and all rights imaginable. What will they be?
What real life story about you that you wanna tell to a stranger on reddit?
What's the last thing that made you proud?
Gamers of Reddit, why do you buy in-game cosmetics?
What is the best way to learn sign language??
Which old (>2010) tv series that are considered successful would be massive fails if released now?
Which country would you never visit and why?
What is it like watching your partner lose weight?
What do you think about fb mom’s group?
Wives, what is a special treat from your husband?
If you had to choose a celebrity to help you survive a zombie apocalypse who would it be?
To those who filmed New Year's and 4th of July fireworks, when did you rewatch it?
Whats the worst/strangest name you've seen?
How do Koreans without plastic surgeries (the natural ones) look like?
If you could choose your own nickname, what would you want and why?
Somebody has bizarrely agreed to pay you $50 every time you masturbate. What is your estimated annual income?
What is a story where the protagonist and the antagonist have equal development?
so a friend applied for a job and right now hes thinking that they are too fishy on his book also he has to also sign a bunch of NDAs... like they promote being local and all but they have a bunch of bad reviews everywhere and fake ones too. so the thing is anyone has any info on karls technology?
What is that one thing that you want to do at any cost before you die?
What has your low self-esteem cost you and how?
Who do you feel sorry for, and why do you feel sorry for them?
Who would you go straight or gay for?
What would you/did you say to a dying loved one?
How old are you and how much money do you have?
How can we make the world a better place ??
If you could see any two people (living or dead) fight to the death, who would it be?
What are your biggest problems right now?
What are some of the more absurd aspects of life ?
What is the scariest thing you have experienced?
What was an offer you couldn't refuse?
Billionaires, please hear us; the world needs your help! Redditors, what needs to be done to spare our planet and humanity? Who do you think is up/fit to commit to this task?
What country would you wanna move to in a heartbeat, Spain or France?
What is the biggest turn off he/or she could say during sex?
What's the story of your reddit username?
What’s something that isn’t being taken seriously enough?
When do we start thinking Thanos had the right idea?
Whats your favorite music ??
What makes a bad person good and seemingly good person bad?
You wake up in Toronto Canada. It is 1910. You check your pockets and find an ID and 50,000 Canadian dollars, your goal is to stop ww1 from happening or at least make it an allied victory before 1917, what would you do?
You can no longer use the standard pronouns and must come up with a set of new ones. What neopronouns do you choose to refer to yourself?
What country are you from and what do you eat for lunch mostly?
What are some of those obscure things that only happened when you were a kid?
What's the first thing you're doing once you get into the MetaVerse ?
What is the last kind thing you did on the spur of the moment?
What is the creepiest/most unsettling thing that’s happened to you or someone you know, paranormal or not?
What is the oldest TV show you would rate highly?
What has happened to our world?
What is the pettiest reason you were banned from a game server?
What’s a unique food item you’ve found one place and nowhere else?
When is gatekeeping needed/justified?
Night shift managers/workers of Reddit, what’re the 3 top hardest things about working those shifts?
What is one thing someone could do to make you instantly not trust them?
What is the state of social liberalism in your country?
What unlikely food pairings do you love, that make everyone around you shudder?
What’s the most stupidest thing to tell your siblings?
What MALE cartoon character are you most sexually attracted to?
What was something fun or cool you did today?
You wake up in Toronto Canada. You are hungover, at the back of an alleyway with a bottle of whiskey clutched in one hand. You check your pockets and find an ID and 50,000 Canadian dollars, your goal is to stop ww1 from happening or at least make it an allied victory before 1917, what would you do?
What’s the worst advice that some gave to you?
Why do you think money can/cannot buy happiness?
What is one saying that drives you nuts?
What's the best, Jason or Freddy?
You wake up as your favourite fictional character. Who are you and what’s the first thing you do?
Which genre of movies do you like? Why?
What is it that you are jealous of that future generations would have but you don't?
What’s the most craziest thing someone has said to you?
When were you the bad guy without realizing it?
What is something worth having that is not worth fighting for?
Redditors with type 2 diabetes, what were your symptoms that led to the diagnosis?
Which bigger subreddits you know where you can most meme (in video too)?
When was the last time you yawned?
What would make social media less toxic?
Imagine you grew up with no examples of whatever gender you are attracted to. What would you masturbate to?
People of reddit, What is your motivation to exercise/workout daily?
What do you wish you knew before getting braces?
What’s the worst song to get stuck in your head?
What the most perverted subreddits you know of?
What’s your go to frozen (or long shelf life) food you reach for on lazy days?
Why are you scrolling through Reddit and not going to bed?
What was the most disappointing answer you recieved when you told him that you love him?
What‘s the most useless fact you know?
How safe do you really feel when traveling the world alone?
What time do you think it is?
People who are highly ambitious and want to do great things with your life, why?
Which decision of your life do you regret the most?
Your gender changes for 1 week. What do you do during that time?
Whats your dream career ?
What's the worst accident with super glue you've ever had?
What is your political alignment, and why?
For the guys who sit to pee, why?
What is something you wish you wish you paid a little extra for to have the upgraded version ?
What's the most immersive, peaceful song you can think of?
What is a pet peeve you hate when people do?
What Halloween costume will you never wear?
What is an “industry secret” that most people may not know about?
What movie are we watching together tonight?
What and when is going to cause next civil war in USA?
How often do you masturbate?
What percentage of people that you come across in your daily lives would you say are nice genuinely caring people?
If you could combine two animals into one what would it be and what would you call it?
You, Elon Musk, Roman Reigns, and Machine Gun Kelly are all hanging out at a strip club in Montreal, Québec. What are some things you talk about?
What do you think about before falling asleep?
What's the most compliment sounding insult you've ever heard?
What is the worst thing a human can do ?
Where to learn about Digital Marketing and Social Networking?
What gets you up in the morning?
Why are you awake at this hour?
What's something that's considered underrated so often that at this point it's probably correctly rated?
At what age did you realize you were not young anymore?
Who's the worst teacher you've had?
what are bad advices you should never give someone ?
People who switch lanes without signaling, WHY?
What was your first favorite movie?
What’s the most awkward thing that’s ever happened to you at work?
Sitting here typing trying to figure out wtf reddit, so what in the fruit?
What motivates you to continue living?
What makes you feel unsafe?
Would you pay someone to run small errands for you? Why or why not?
Will your mind or your body go out first? Why do you think so?
When do you feel really lonely?
So, lets say Willy Wonka became an evil genius, how much of a threat wold he present to humanity?
How are you feeling right now?
What should you never do in the first week of a new job?
How soon should you start going on dates after a breakup ?
What's the one thing you regret doing?
How do you dissapear from family to start a new life?
What’s something that can’t be explain by science or logic?
What’s the best song you’ve ever heard?
What is the most peaceful relaxing stressless job?
Who are the most interesting redditors on this crazy platform ?
Is there a show or movie you have stopped watching due to the dislike of a character?
What u don't like about ur job ?
People who have been to Florida or Texas and have lived to tell the tale, how scary are these states compared to how the news and memes make them out to be?
What roles should those closest to you fill in your life?
Humans of Reddit, whats the meaning of life to you? Asking for a friend?
What do you miss the most about the year 1999?
What are your best tips for mixing with people in a new job?
What is the best country on earth 🌎??
How would YOU do marketing for Ropes?
weight lifters here what are some tips you want to give to other weight lifters or things you wish you knew before?
Americans of Reddit, when did George W Bush become a moderate?
Who is the most relatable villain of all time?
What is your favorite superpower? and why?
What’s the coolest Halloween costume you’ve ever seen?
What are some rules every company should have?
GOD has appeared before you. You can ask him 1 question. What will you ask?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
What is something that you have seen/experienced that has scarred you for life?
What would have been a better/more sinister name than Meta?
What country would you say is the best country to live in and why?
What are some policies/rules of any company you have benefited from?
What kind of piece of clothing do you absolutely despise?
What are some scary things you can personally see happening in the next 20 years?
What is the best way to spam a subreddit?
Books, short stories, comics, TV, movies - if it's fiction it counts. What piece of fiction has influenced you more than any other, and why?
What's something historically significant that you didn't hear about in school at all?
What is a quote that changed your viewpoint on life?
What is the deepest regret you have?
science teachers of reddit, what is the worst misconception a student had on something?
What is a fact that you heard that made you rethink life?
What is one thing all men afraid of?
What moment in video games made you go "fuck this"?
Went are people so concerned with shower beers, when it's beer sh$ts that matter?
What are your thoughts on an ex drug addict becoming a paramedic?
Let's say that there is a zombie apocalypse. What happens to you?
What’s the most annoying thing about Starbucks ?
What is a good activewear name for business?
what is the highest number of FWBs you ever had at one time?
Men of Reddit who’ve had a previous masturbation addiction, what did you do to overcome it?
What is one big bad habit people have without noticing ?
What’s a country that you feel gets excessively glorified (besides the US)?
How would you describe yourself with your username ?
You receive a million dollars but you can only spend it on items starting with the letter “a”, what do you buy?
What's the most common misconception about texting you've seen?
What’s your favorite budget meal?
What´s the worst movie to watch with family?
What's the first thing you're gonna do once we no longer have to wear masks?
What's the thing your parent did to you, and you will never do it to your child?
What country would you most like to live in?
Which song cover is as good as or better than the original one?
Doctors of Reddit, What is the weirdest thing you have had to do?
What color was your Winamp skin?
What is the most annoying thing drivers do on the road?
How do you tell your partner you accidentally broke something valuable to them?
You can only watch movies/tv shows from one actor's filmography, who do you choose?
Why girls do a selection of boys to relate with?
What is a fact you wish you never discovered?
What do you personally think happens when you die?
What did you name your sex education robot baby and what was your experience?
What is the most common thought in your head?
Whats your best story of "trusting the process" gone wrong?
What kind of future the world is up to?
What you guys think about the phase of death? Did u ever experience almost dying?
Do you think that birds are real or just robots? And why?
when did you realize that life sucked?
What’s worse, being in love with someone who’s dead or with someone who never existed in the first place?
Has anyone just close your eyes for a second at night and suddenly it was day? If so, what was your reaction to it?
What u guys think about zoos?
How come in so long , we havent experienced the world having problems or hitting an asteroid?
How do you stop caring?
What's the stupidest/dumbest thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your spooky story with clowns?
What if we got a Western style movie called Woody centered around him and the round up gang?
Have you ever had a supernatural experience you just couldn’t explain? What was it?
Chefs/cooks, have any of you considered switching careers? And why?
What kind of purpose do y'all have?
If they make your life into a book/movie what would the title be?
What would you wish for with a Monkey Paw?
If you were able to choose what language you will be able to speak fluently when waking up from your bed…What would it be? And why?
When is the best time to disown family members forever when you have the opportunity?
What's the best ad campaign you've ever seen?
What red flags have you ever ignored in what turned out to be an actual perfectly healthy relationship?
People of Reddit you can make the love of your what are the Details?
What is the gender neutral term for niece or nephew? Like the term for he/him turns into they/them, is there a similar term for niece or nephew?
What do you hate about your significant other?
What is a poorly rated show that you don't belive is "bad" but just watched by the wrong audience?
How do you deal with grief?
What is Love to you?
What is truly the most terrifying video game you have every played, whether its because of the jump scares, atmosphere or even just the story itself?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what’s something from America you like?
Who in your opinion has the best laugh that you desire to have or just love to watch amd hear over and over again?
Dear Reddit, have you ever wondered what the babies you were born with at the hospital are doing with their lives?
What is a saying you live by ?
People of Reddit! Why are you on Reddit?
What sequel to a movie is actually as good or better than the original?
What is a 50/50 chance in real life?
What would happen if there's a show where they get incels and femcels to live together?
What do younger people today look for in a partner that is different than what older generations looked for and why?
If dog is man's best friend what is man's worst enemy?
Highschool/collage bois of reddit how do you get conversation started with girls any tips ?
What’s the biggest “redemption arc” a real life person has made?
How do you live your life modestly?
What advice would you give your 23 year old self?
What is the likelihood Gargamel is based on antisemitic stories from the medieval period?
Which one of your posts/questions got the most likes on Reddit?
Whats the worst thing to write in a get well card??
What is a song that everyone enjoys, no matter their age?
What existed when you were a kid but no longer exists ??
What’s a badass line from a movie that lives rent free in your head?
What is a movie YOU like but OTHER people dont like?
What is the absolute, most scariest movie you’ve ever seen?
[Serious] How common is it for someone who was a loner in high school to still have peaked in high school?
What minor inconvenience REALLY annoys you more than it should?
This one is for the straight guys, have you had relations with another guy not just sex and hid it, why?
What grinds your gears?
If you could become fluent in one language instantly(except english) ,which one would you choose?
What celebrity couple would you want to be a throuple with?
What show/cartoon is highly underrated and obscure?
What are the best workouts for losing weight while maintaining muscle if there are any?
How Would Killing Exactly One Butterfly In The Past Drastically Change The Future?
On it's worst days, what country is the USA equivalent to?
Which iMac would you be proud to have on your desk old or new?
What is the craziest urban myth from your home town? did it ever turn out to be true?
Are young adults evolving to be afraid of having children and starting families? If so, why?
What fictional character pisses you off?
[Serious] How does someone deal with both missing out on partying and the social experience in college as well as getting bad grades?
Whats the worst way to spend $100?
How would you have preferred a movie end?
What was the last dream you had?
What is a good reason to convince yourself that it’s fine to order taco bell at 1:30 am?
What is something you do on your normal day that you now realized is disgusting because of the pandemic?
Teachers of Reddit, what's the most creative "I didn't do my homework" excuses you've heard?
Spez gets jealous of Zuckerberg and decides to rename Reddit into something better. What will it be?
Is Dad Vibes by Limp Bizkit a rap rock track or is this what Nu-Metal sounds like in 2021?
[Serious] How is life supposed to get better after high school when college is much harder and more lonely?
What stupid things did you do while drink?
What are some of the worst/ awkward compliments you've given when trying to flirt?
What's your near death experience, and did it change how you perceive life in any way?
What are some of your specific OCD habits that have formed over the years ?
What advice would you give your younger self?
What is the most cringe Halloween couples costume?
What do you envision your perfect crush to be like?
Whats the best way to hide a fart?
What is the meanest thing your friend’s parents said to them when you were kids?
People who come to a full stop well before a traffic light and then creep forward, why?
Where are all the baby pigeons? Have you ever seen one?
Who can defeat shaggy?
What is that one song you like that no one else really knows about?
What do you talk to yourself about it in your head?
What is your favourite drink ?
What is the best insult you have been given or give to someone?
What is the funniest sex name or whatever it’s called you’ve ever heard?
What's the sexiest Halloween costume you've seen or worn?
What villain do u think that did nothing wrong??
What was your finest "Will Hunting moment"?
What was your "I quit" moment at work?
What was the last movie you saw? And was it any good?
What do you think about "gender-neutral passports?
At what moment did you know it was time to call it quits on your relationship?
Women of Reddit, what are some of the stereotypes about being a woman that y'all dislike?
Hey Reddit! What did you dream about last night?
What piece of ancient technology would benefit humanity the most if it wasn’t lost to the sands of time?
What is the dumbest story you have to tell?
What's a random piece of information you know?
What was your favorite Starter Jacket in the 90’s? Or did you own a knock off?
What is the worst superhero movie of all time?
Have you donated to wikipedia? why or why not?
Sex workers of Reddit, how do you manage to have so many clients in one day without being in extreme pain?
What is something that a teacher has taught/told you that is just wrong?
Indian girls of reddit, how has your repressed sexual upbringing (if you've had one) shaped your current sexual preferences?
People that had clown experiences in 2016, what happened?
What is the worst couple in TV history?
Redditors who watch movie trailers, did you notice the 2 different ships that Buzz Lightyear uses?
What are some life hacks that helped you get through school?
What country is your countries biggest rival, and how did the rivalry start?
People who share their last name with negative individuals throughout history to the present, what is your experience?
What is your "and it was an error in the compiler" style story?
If you were IMing a potential hookup/date and they sent your selfie back with a twirly mustache and top hat drawn on it, how would you react?
What is your motivation to get out of bed everyday? How do you go about life when you feel like nothing is going your way or just have a momentary string of bad luck?
Out of all the things in the world what do you hate the most?
What has this year taught you about family?
What can not be found on the internet?
What is your worst toilet related mishap?
People that work for Blue Fish, what is some of the strangest requests you have attempted to fulfill?
M26 and never had a gf! why? is that a bad thing?
What comes to mind when you think of Scotland?
What is 'Meta' supposed to mean and why has it become a thing?
What is the modern day equivalent of the Wild West or any other near-anarchic state?
You have to 1v1 a large elk and can only choose 1 weapon: a spear, a mace, or a sword. Which one to survive and why?
Why do you still watch movies on vhs?
What is the weirdest thing you have heard someone say in there sleep?
What is the smoothest comeback you have ever done?
How safe are you right now?
What do only stupid people say?
Whats ur hardest addiction and how long have u been addicted?
People of Reddit, if you’ve ever almost been kidnapped/stopped a kidnapping from taking place, what happened?
Which martial art should you learn that should best help you in a street fight?
what is your motto in life? or in what motto do you believe in?
What’s a trip you lied about going on?
What’s something you thought was normal until you got older?
What is the worst porn build-up story you have ever seen?
Where would 1 live in WA, OR, ID, MT, WY, CA, NV, UT, or AZ if the following things are important to them? Listed in order of importance-- No more than 1 hr away from a major airport, great skiing within 2 hrs, a good-sized city with plenty to do for young people, decent COL, and no extreme weather?
What's the story you tell at parties?
What’s one thing that you purchased and deeply regret?
people who hate Zuckerberg and Facebook/Instagram/Whatsup, why not stop using its services?
What are some telltale signs that an artist draws a lot of porn?
Ladies of Reddit, what are clear signs you give to a guy to let him know you like him?
What actor/actress are you sexually attracted to?
What are your interesting/uncommon jobs?
What is your favorite Zack Efron moment?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve lied about to your parents?
How do NFT' work?
What flavor should rain be?
What's the wholesome moment you had with with your crush?
What are some petty reasons for you to not like someone as a person?
What is your #1 rule about dating and why did you come up with it?
How do you feel about canned tuna?
Guys, how much matches in tinder for one day is usual to you?
What song fits real life do you know of?
what subject you like the most ?
What will Elon Musk be doing in 10 years?
What song/songs would you like to have played right before you die?
Ex-conspiracy theorists of Reddit, what kind of interactions have you had since putting the emperor's clothes back on?
Which Celebrity would you like to meet?
How do you guys suggest promoting a new boutique that has a website?
What are you gonna be for halloween?
You have to have sex with the main character of the last movie/show you watched.What's your situation?
What sort of decorative items could be put on a shelf/desk that would clearly indicate “I’m an evil super villain”?
Where was the oddest place you saw a picture of yourself?
What are some of your cringe moments in life?
What is discrepancy in plan?
If a Genie agreed to grant you one wish, what would it be?
How do short guys( below 5'4'') here deal with the problems of being short (don't give a f about dating , its that proving people notions wrong every time, how to deal with that pressure )?
[serious] What are your thoughts on Sex, Gender and Sexual Orientation being conflated, and what ways have you personally witnessed or heard them being conflated?
What is a service or product which you regret buying despite it being less than 5 dollars?
Brits who voted for Brexit, how happy are you with the current situation?
What is your scariest Halloween experience?
What invention would you like to see in your lifetime?
You wake up tomorrow in 2027 AD Los Angeles and you are the chosen one to save humanity from Zuckerberg and Skynet. What's your plan?
What is a video game/movie quote that can ruin a funeral?
People who died and came back, how was it?
What is some of your terrifying Furbie stories?
If you had to explain the state of the earth to aliens what would you say?
What product from the past do you miss the most now?
What will your finale form be?
Which careers will help lead us into a better future?
What are some terrible things your country did in the past that people from other countries probably don't know?
What is the average annual wage in your country? Do you think it’s enough?
What random thoughts suddenly keep you up at night?
If animals could talk, which species would be the nicest?
What’s an instance you witnessed (on Reddit, elsewhere on the internet, in real life, whatever) where someone thinks they are completely in the right about something, but they are blatantly wrong? What did they think they were right about? Did their view change or are they just as blind as ever?
Hey google what’s the name of that song?
What do you always listen to on mute?
Since we can't prove the existence of human ghosts why don't we try to find ghosts of lower life forms like tardigrades?
Breastfeeding Ladies in your 30s, What do you do to keep your boobs from sag and look like an old woman ?
What is the story of your hamster's traumatic, yet hilarious, death?
What is the worst car accident you have been in? What happened and how were lives changed that day?
Teachers of reddit, what was the best news you ever heard from a former student?
What's the best TV commercial you can remember ever seeing?
If you had the ability to control and manipulate air, what would you do?
What do you listen to in your car when you’re driving to and from places?
What bothers you about religious beliefs, more specifically life after death and how do you comfort yourself?
How do you deal with Karens?
What is your wholesome or unexpected celebrity encounter?
Which chain restaurant is your favorite?
What is something that needed to make a comeback yesterday?
Who is an actor/actress that every single movie you have watched with them in it has sucked?
How do you deal with rude salespeople?
So let's say time travel were possible. How could we go back in time without risking causing a plague and potentially killing off our ancestors?
What moment/incident in your life that made you realize that your childhood was over?
Why are you so depressed today?
Formerly overweight people, what was the most unexpected change?
What are some questions you have or want to ask a gay boy?
When was a time that you were ever "Down bad" for sex?
Those who got back what was stolen on your own, what happened?
What's your favorite anime?
What’s the best cover up story you’ve made to get out of a situation?
What is the “correct” order in which you wash your dishes in your household?
Why was Facebook renamed to Meta?
Who is the worst tv couple in history?
To people who have gone to a Vipassana silent retreat, what was your experience like?
What could be the possible solutions of overthinking?
People who were surprised to find the police at their door, what is your story?
What do you think Jennifer Aniston does to look so young at 52?
What music can you relate to most?
People with legs, how do you put your pants on?
What's the one thing that makes you cry?
Tips on how to get rid of an earache?
People of reddit, If you have or will have children how would you answer if your child asked you: How are kids born?
You can choose one extinct species to be brought back to life, what would it be?
What is something you come acrssed recently that is ridiculously overpriced or underpriced online compared to local shops in your area?
What is the worst nightmare you ever had?
Have you ever met someone who is truly evil?
What is the weirdest thing you have found on Amazon or eBay?
If you were 18 again, what would you choose to do/not do with your life?
What is the funniest exchange or interaction you've had with a stranger in public?
People of Reddit what is the best place to live in in the US?
What song is emotionally triggering to you and why?
[Serious] What is something you found out about that changed your life?
What important event in the universe can happen in under 5 minutes?
what’s your favorite memory that you will forever cherish?
As a guy, What do you wish every girls knew?
What important success stories happened in under 5 minutes?
When did you realize life is too short?
What Social Norms do you absolutely despise?
What happens in the mind of an actor when they get into character?
What's "that one song" you want at your funeral?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the rarest disease/condition you've encountered?
Ladies who have FWB, what sort of boundaries do you set?
What’s a characteristic trait of yours people think is bad but has actually been good for you in your life?
Do you support concealed carry? Why or why not?
When Facebook performs a study on themselves knowing it could be damming, do they simply rely NDAs to prevent that info from being leaked? Or is the info classified internally? How does that work?
Whats an item that is inconsequential to most people but is VITAL to you?
What do you want for your birthday next year?
What videogame/movie soundtrack give you nostalgic vibes?
Sense Halloween is only a few days away and what age did you stop or plan to stop trick or treating?
What job does not seem very lucrative, but in reality is?
What food do you think could replace popcorn in the movies and still be as popular?
Redditors who live in sketchy neighborhoods/ towns, what is the most f-cked up thing you saw ? [serious]
[Serious] What is something you regret looking up?
What’s a video game NPC you’d just love to get a chance to play as?
People of reddit who prefer using cash, why?
What are the best ways to ease holiday stress?
Women of Reddit, what are some obvious hints that you made to guys you were into that flew right over their heads?
What children’s cartoon theme song goes HARD?
Which is the quickest way to stop feeling hopeless?
Without mentioning the name of the title, poorly explain the plot of the last movie you watched so people can try to guess what film it was?
Reddit Millennials, as Gen Zers start to enter the workforce & "real life", what advice do you have?
What is the worst or most useless advice you ever heard?
Best nba game winning shot of all time is by who and when and why?
How are you really feeling today?
Which movie or show gets you in the holiday spirit?
How would this pandemic be studied and taught in schools' future history classes (probably 10-20 years from now)?
How do you deal with a pretentious person?
What would you have named Facebook instead of Meta?
What are some every day things that are absurdly going to change in the future due to technology?
How do you start and run a political activist group?
What is the angriest song you know?
What's a video game that you used to play all the time as a kid?
Please, serious answers with explanations for your opinions. All opinions welcome. People of Reddit, what are your opinipns of the hit battle royale game fortnite?
[Serious] What is something that you didn't know saved your life until recently?
What did that one kid in school do to get expelled?
(NSFW) What anime character are you most sexually attracted to?
Daily commuters of reddit, when was your most embarrassing "Oh no, I'm in the wrong here." moment on the road?
If science proved there was an afterlife without doubt, how would it change your opinion on sticking with this one?
People who went through a "midlife/or/marriage crisis": What made you say "Ok...Im done, now im in charge".?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would you change?
What is the worst thing your boss has every said to you?
In America, you’re innocent until proven guilty…or is it the opposite, guilty until proven innocent? What do you think?
Why do you think that everyone in the world can't get along?
What's a law that's sounds illegal?
What is justice? Is it real, or is it something only enjoyed by people who can afford it? How do you think we can make it mean the same for everyone?
So up to this point in your life it has all been a dream. You just woke up from a coma that you have been in for a really long time. What’s the first question you ask your doctor when you wake up?
Which is favorite cartoon/Anime song/track?
What important world shaping event in history happened in under 5 minutes?
What was something that you thought was perfectly normal until you told someone else?
People offended by dave Chappelles special , why?
How much do you drink a week?
Ex-Night shift workers of reddit, when did you realize that this shift just isn't worth it?
What made you more patient in life?
What is the best thing you can do for someone tomorrow?
[Serious] What is something you regret doing?
Extinction of which species would cause the biggest uproar?
If you could say/ask something to the people in 5 years, what would you say?
What are your favorite "one of a kind" or unique songs?
Why weren't people rooting for Nellie and Toby (Tellie) as a couple in the Office?
Why do you believe in aliens?
[Serious] What is something you did/do as a teenager but never told/tell your parents?
What are some tips they don't tell you when buying and/or moving into a new apartment?
What stupid joke do you frequently have to pretend laugh at while working?
What are some very wholesome facts?
Construction Workers of Reddit, what was that one moment where you cheated death?
Have you ever ended a relationship with a childhood friend? Why did you and how did it go?
What is something that bores you to death when people talk about?
How shy/quiet/reserved are you?
High sex drive persons of Reddit, how do you stay satisfied when NOT in a relationship?
What is one thing you will not change that happened during the pandemic?
What’s a common day-to-day task you find oddly satisfying?
What is your most irrational fear?
What is very vicious?
With humanity's fascination with exploring, what do you think we are going to uncover that we shouldn't?
What if the Soviet union and Nazi Germany couldn't push each other at Stalingrad and the western allies had to fight deep in soviet territory to destroy all the Nazi force (yes, this is unrealistic, but if this did somehow happen, how would the world change and what would the allies do)?
Cat owners of Reddit. Has your cat(s) improved or worsen your mental health? What has been your experience?
It's spooky SZN! What's your best Halloween story?
Redditors who have been hypnotized, what’s the story and what was it like?
[Serious] What was the most humiliating moment of your life?
What difference did u notice in people's behaviour after losing weight or becoming successful ?
By your own definition, do you believe there’s more good than bad in the world? Why?
If Elon, Bezos, and Zuckerberg all died at relatively the same time, how long would it take for their wealth to "trickle down" / what do you think would change for the general public or other billionaires?
If you could choose one business for the entire world to blacklist, what business would it be?
What if nipples change their color depending on the color of bra ?
What’s one fact that makes you hopeful for the future?
So what will be the next global crisis?
What's the worst response when asked "why did you break up"?
What is something you’re passionate about?
What would you like to see a VR (virtual reality) of?
What would you say is your most valued asset that you can't actually "buy"?
[Serious] What is a situation that escalated extremely quickly?
If you were to engage in battle with an angry Kohlrabi, what would be your weapon of choice?
What gives you hope about the future of society?
What billionaire would be the VIP in a real life Squid Games event?
What costume do you not want to see this Halloween?
People who cheat and hack in video games, why do you do it?
People who film and directed Ad's for cars on tv has anything ever gone wrong?
Which celebrity would you love to have a date with, why?
What type of condiments do you like to add to your Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, and more Spam sammich?
What do you think of models and their job?
What is your most treasured item?
Why would men rather watch porn then have actual sex with SO?
Parents of ugly children, when did you know?
What are your true opinions about Facebook as a company?
Is metaverse just reptiles planning to take over humanity? how to survive?
What is the most beautiful city that you visited?
What are the most clever Halloween costumes you’ve seen?
What would you do if you woke up as a Sayian?
[Serious] What is the most embarrassing thing to happen at work?
What is it about chalky fingernails that makes pistachios taste so much better?
Women of reddit, how important is it that a guy pays on the first date for you? If he doesn't pay, will you lose interest assuming you are getting to know them?
What was that moment you realized you were a fanatic?
What have you recently done that has made you feel better about yourself?
When energy shortages lead to reduced smelter capacity of mineral concentrates leading to reduced production of commodity shortages?
Can you scream or yell if your whole body is engulfed in fire?
What movie or franchise would you love to see rebooted and who would you cast as the leads?
What questions do you have about other cultures besides your own?
What is something you insanely dislike about the doctor's office?
What do you think of Metaverse?
What's an actual good horror/thriller movie on the Flix?
What is your favourite band that other people may not know or recognise the name of?
What is/was your best Halloween costume ever?
How did having a nanny impact your experience growing up?
What's your family scandal/secret?
When do you actually have lunch?
In your opinion, who has the most perfect singing voice that you've ever heard and why?
If you died unexpectedly, what wouldn’t you want your family to find In your belongings?
What is your biggest SFW fantasy?
At what point did you know it was time to put your senior dog down? [SERIOUS]
[Serious] What does not being in a depression look like?
Programmers of Reddit, how did you get into programming?
What's the best "stupid" video the internet has hosted in its first 30 years?
What career has a high quality of life and is underrated?
What should "facebook friends" really be called?
[Serious] How do dogs grieve after their dog buddy dies?
What’s your biggest flex ?
You just ate whatever there was in the last photo you took, how did it taste?
What’s something fake that sounds completely true?
What's the worst impulse buy you've ever bought?
What's something no one is talking about ?
What fictional city would you like to live in?
What was your reason to grow up?
What's the best free app for Animation on Android RN?
Your username is the reason why you are going to get jailed. What happened that got you into this situation?
What is your all-time favorite breakfast cereal, and why?
What is your experience of having to live without eating or drinking anything for like 3days?
New chess pieces just dropped. What do they do?
What’s a place you heard bad things about that pleasantly surprised you when you visited?
What are the benefits of tulasyasava?
When did you realized that you were actually ugly?
can you tell where you live without mentioning the name of the country?
What old movie (20+ years) still holds up today?
If today you suddenly morphed into a world class bodybuilder, how would your life change and how would they people you know react?
Sailors, what’s the creepiest thing you’ve ever seen or experienced at sea?
After death, If you could have your conciousness uploaded, would you? Why or why not?
What's your opinion on fate?
What topic are you absolutely NOT open for discussion, you would not even begin to hear the counter arguments?
How do you explain why you collect trading cards to someone who doesn’t or has no interest to?
For everyone that plays/played dnd. What was your favorite moment of it?
What's the most disgusting combination of foods that you have ever tasted?
Would $1000 change your life right now? How so?
What's the most fucked up thing you've seen on the internet?
What do you think about the rules on Reddit? Are their too many and do you think they make it a better or worse experience for the user?
What is the worse thing that's ever happened to you so far?
Replace "love" in any title with "hysterical sex." What's the new title?
What's a little problem you face everyday?
Right or wrong, what do people assume about you irl based on your username?
What is it with Congress being allowed to pass laws to get themselves a raise?
What's a movie you will still watch even though it makes you want to cry?
Which in your opinion is the most beautiful beach in the world?
If women mate up and across the dominance hierarchies according to evolutionary biology , then why do they hookup with unemployed guys who have also been to jail few times or drug dealers or guys in their college, dating apps etc?
What’s the most popular band that you still think is underrated?
What do you think of people who take things from shops without paying?
God comes down and chooses one person on this planet to share an answer to their question. It’s you, what do you ask him?
Theoretically speaking, which characteristics could an engineered pathogen have, and how terrible would these be?
What is your ideal city in a 100% remote world? Why?
What is good for a restless stomach that is going on for days?
What do you think of moon light and roses on a starry starry night with the one you love?
What is an essential skill (like CPR training) that everyone should know?
What movie trope do you wish would also happen in real life?
What do you really want to say before you die?
What do you like and dislike being a housewife/homemaker?
If you were god for 24 hours what will you do and why?
Which food can fuck right off?
What is a British TV show that was completely butchered by an American remake?
What is the best brand of chicken strips you can buy in the US/Canada?
What's the weirdest mix signal you ever received from someone?
A stray friendly cat would like to live with you right now. What is your reaction?
If WW3 happens, how do you plan to survive?
What do you think is the most evil thing you can do which is legal? What is your reasoning?
People who stood up during "speak now or forever hold your peace" at a wedding, how did things turn out?
fellow brits: how was your bonfire night?
Who’s your favorite NPC and what game are they from?
What has warned your heart recently?
What is a 2 or 1 star restaurant you visited and how was the experience?
What the thing that your parents did/say to you that still haunts you to this day?
Whats the weirdest/creepiest thing that has ever happened to you?
What’s the most awkward topic brought up at a family dinner?
Who is a comedian that you think is absolutely not funny?
How do you avoid loneliness when working from home?
What was the last 5-star movie you watched?
What one person, if they died now, would be mourned by the most people around the world?
Those of you that quit your job to pursue another career - how did it go and what did you jump from?
What is the absolute stupidest propaganda you have ever heard?
Whats a good argument against Christmas Tree being put up on November 6th?
How’d you get that scar?
People of Reddit who work the sidelines during football games. How do the players treat you?
To people who have bpd and social anxiety, how did you sabotage your personal relationships?
What's the dumbest thing you have ever done?
What is something you believe, but can not prove?
What are the things which are theoretically possible but practically impossible?
What’s the most obscure quote you think someone else will recognize?
What would be the worst thing you could put on your bio on a dating app?
Professional cleaners, are your homes as clean as how you make others?
What is it with Reddit cursing at the majority of comments in posts?
What annoys you about driving a car?
What song made/makes you cry?
what is your favourite social app?
What's the first thing that comes to mind to invest in?
What is a movie/video game that makes no sense to have a sequel made for, but you’ll still watch/buy it?
Your family finds you nutting to the last movie you watched, how weird was it?
What's the most outrageous conspiracy theory you think might actually seem like a logical argument?
What's something you do alone that you can't do with others?
What's a culinary secret that few home cooks know?
What is the reason behind the lower case 'n' in 7-Eleven logo?
Who is Jerry, and what did he rig to get so famous?
What's your favorite physical attribute about yourself?
What is your most popular comment?
For the gamers of reddit. What is your favorite game and why?
What’s the dumbest mistake you’ve made on a date?
If ‘Men In Black’ was real, what celebrities would secretly be aliens?
What is your favourite social app and why?
What do you not want for free?
What's your biggest regret?
Disney has just decided to make an origin story movie for every character that has ever appeared, which one would you watch and why?
What annoys you about living where you live now?
What is your weirdest dream?
What does ,ok, actually mean?
What's your favorite cereal?
What do u do when you're unmotivated?
What is your favourite social app?
What's your favourite video game?
If you wanted people to touch you, what inanimate object would you like to be?
What do you call a male lady bug?
What is your favorite subreddit and why?
Which slogan would take a turn for the worse if you added another word to it?
What made you believe in love?
For cat owners. You have been given permission to make changes that improves the lives of cats in your jurisdiction. What main thing would you change to support the felines in your community?
What’s the creepiest thing that happened in your hometown that made you rethink how you went about your life?
Opening an account on Reddit Polls/Survey, how difficult did you find it?
What’s one thing 2021 has taught you?
What is the absolute worst nightmare you’ve ever had?
What's the worst kind of social media post?
What sucks about your profession?
What is the craizest thing you’ve done in school?
What was the best decision you have ever made that changed your life permanently?
What does love mean to you?
What is the best pet to own?
If your pet could talk, what’s one thing they could say that would completely ruin your image?
What made you start watching anime?
what is the most horrible death you have ever heard of?
What are your thoughts on MR. clean?
What would you do during the Zombie apocalypse, live on your own or in a community?
[Serious] What's something you were told that felt hurtful, but in retrospect, was something you needed to hear?
How much do you think it would cost to buy one of every item inside a Costco?
Retail workers, whats the largest purchase you've seen at your store?
Is there an a way a zombie virus/ apocalypse could actually happen? If so how?
What are your thoughts on patent trolls?
People who've experienced home invasions, what happened?
What is it that doesn’t really smell great, but you keep wanting to smell it anyway?
Reddit, do you hate the new feature where only 1 reply is shown?
Those who cheated on alot of tests in school, how has that affected your competence within a job ?
What is it's name of your pet? How did you choose this name?
What is the worst feature of facebook?
What products need to "smarten up", we have more or less everything,from Roombas to smart thermostats. What more can we improve?
What comes to mind when when you find that someone has submitted the exact same thought as you in a comment online?
[Serious] Redditors not from the US- what are some examples of “American” foods?
When you eat a chocolate bunny for Easter, which part of the body do you eat / prefer to eat?
Playing seek and hide, where do you likely hide?
What is the habit that you want to give up every day but can't give up?
What game or part of the gameplay actually terrified you?
Hey Reddit, What are some of your favorite road trip snacks?
Isn't weird how you can't imagine the true colors of old black and white movies, tv shows and pictures as good as the people who made those movies, tv shows and pictures at the time?
You are allowed to make up one holiday to celebrate anything of your choosing, what will it be?
People of reddit who live in near a forest, or used to live there, have you seen forest ghost or is it just an urban telltale?
What is a dropbear? Is it a myth, an urban legend to deter tourists from venturing out in the wild lands of Australia alone without a proper guide?
What is the scariest experience you have ever had?
what`s the furthest you`ve ever seen someone take a joke?
What if the US donated 50 fourth generation fighter jets to Bhutan?
New to Crypto, what do people know about $HOGE?
what is your least favorite movie of the year so far?
what is your favorite movie of the year so far?
who`s a director that deserves more recognition then they currently have?
"I am not like the other girls." What do you understand/mean by this?
If a climber is to climb, what is to live?
What video game character would you choose to be your best friend?
Name an Actor/Actress who played a movie role so well that no one else could ever remake it?
What has your ex taught you?
What is your favorite movie tagline?
What do you think about sleeping naked? Could this lead to better sleep?
What's your maximum number of ejaculation in a day ?
You meet a genie. Not the strongest one out there. So he can only grant simple wishes. What would you aske for?
If you could change what falls from the sky every time it rains, what would it be and why?
What advice would you give someone who’s about to be single for the first time in 10+ years?
Reddit , what is best in life?
If you were allowed to make up a word, how would you spell it and what would be its definition?
What do you feed to your pet ?
What was your first experience on here when it comes to toxicity and how did it happen?
How did one come up with the zipper idea?
What animal are you most afraid of?
What was the worst thing to ever happen to your ballbag?
Which subreddits made you regret ever looking them up?
What’s your long-standing inside joke?
If you could change your name at this very moment, what name would you choose?
What experience is universal no matter how rich or how poor you are?
How would you like to get salmonella?
People that are police officers here what is the saddest experience you had to deal with on the job?
What are some house items that are on your Christmas list this year?
What do you usually do when you get angry?
When did you deserve to get fired, whether it happened or not?
What can you say that can make Human Beings seem so insignificant?
What's the best country to attend college financially/safety/culture wise?
What "Inspirational Quotes" really irritate you?
You can shoot your seed right now in anyone of your choosing? Who do you choose?
What's your best (or worst) "I should be dead, but I'm not!" moment?
What are your plans for the weekend?
What are the situations that make you angry?
Would you be able to date someone who does porn or would it be too much to deal with?
You get to start a conspiracy theory. What would be it?
What’s something that doesn’t really smell great, but you keep wanting to smell it anyway?
What was your best vr experience?
Why do you love your life?
What do you know now that you were incapable of understanding when you were younger no matter how many times others told you?
What’s a random animal fact that makes you smile?
People that still use windows 7 or 8.1 , why?
What are the most respected jobs in your country?
What are the physical effects of getting angry?
Any tips for an ideal job where you don't need to earn a lot, but at least be happy?
What's the best feeling you have ever felt?
What is the first thing you think of in the morning?
Which cartoon character do you wish stopped getting sexualized?
Where would you want to live instead of your hometown if given a choice?
What is one mystery in the past you want solved today?
If you won the lottery tomorrow, whats the first thing you’d buy and why?
How do you help yourself to stop feeling like shit?
What's your body count?
Men of Reddit what's your most down bad fap story?
Looking for at home jobs, people who work from home, what do you do for work?
What gives your life meaning?
When you eat a gummy bear, do you eat the head or the feet first?
What movie rain scene got you most in the feels?
Hello, 'Muricans! How's like to live in USA, especially being a middle/high-schooler in a suburb?
People say taste in comedy is subjective so what does “funny” mean to you?
What do you only need a few of to impress someone?
Headshot victims of reddit how did it feel?
What would be your first response if you came home one day to find your partner cheating on you with someone else?
What’s your favorite sex position these days?
What's a handy/useful thing you can do with an item that wasn't its originally intended purpose?
What is your story about "I didn't think that would work but it did"?
what is free yet priceless?
If you're sipping on gin and juice, what kind of juice are we talking about?
Which brand of water is the best, based on facts and science or on your opinion?
What moment have you experienced felt the most surreal?
What movie or movies do you always recommend to people?
What is a guilty pleasure that you enjoy that you’ll never admit?
Which trope in Movies, TV Series & novels do you dislike?
What have you been embarrassed to admit scares you?
What if everyone you worked with was high all day?
What are some unconventional yet delicious food combinations?
How do you help someone who is severely depressed?
What is the most memorable birthday experience you've had?
What was your favorite McDonald's toy?
How would you honestly describe yourself?
If you had a dating or friendship screening form, what questions would be on it?
Everyone knows the poop knife and the coconut guy. But what are the modern classics of Reddit?
What's the best thing to get at McDonald's?
Hearing aid users of reddit, what problems do you face in your daily life?
Teachers of reddit, what is the wierdest things you've caught students doing in class?
Is it normal in US where everybody on the bed without taking off sneaker?
What fact sounds fake but isn't?
People that have done drugs before how did it affect you in the long run?
What's your rule of thumb for deleting old text messages?
Why not trust using a DNA kit for family information?
What is the one thing that people do which you can never understand?
What would your reaction be if you found out that your a fictional character and that your entire life was all written by a person?
How is the skull changing shape?
Which is a silliest law according to you and why?
What's your opinion on Paxlovid, the new antiviral pill for COVID from Pfizer?
What are the greatest duos in pop culture?
Whats a funny response to someone who says" its a god given right what i put in my body" who is against the covid shot?
What's the strangest thing that has happened to you (or a friend) while using public transport?
Why physical violence and sexual violence against men shown as funny in movies?
You get the guaranteed honest answer to one question only, what are you going to ask? Who was behind the JFK killing, what really happened to Amelia Earhart, aliens exist etc?
How old were you during your first time and how did it happen ?
What is the weirdest place where you've ever masturbated?
What joke makes you laugh everytime no matter how many times you hear it?
Which fictional character got so much plot armor that it made you pity other characters?
Who is the most overrated active NBA player?
What was your first experience with porn and how did you find out about it?
What food combos do you see others eating that you disagree with?
Reddit users what is the worst song you can play at a funeral?
What is something that is surprisingly true?
What are some of your top desserts that you like to bake?
What would be the first song you would play out loud if you discovered you have 1 million US dollars?
Some news sites now require payment. Where do you get your legit source of news for free?
What's the weirdest fetish you've heard of?
What is your favourite conspiracy theory?
What is something you find sexy but others find weird?
Who is the most important person in your life?
What is the biggest amount of money you’ve seen someone waste?
What lessons have you learnt about life through the rollercoaster that has been the past 2 years?
What difference in high do you notice with edibles compared to smoking, assuming you smoke?
If you had the choice to be reborn in any time/era in the past, which one would it be and why?
What is a skill you want to learn and why haven’t you yet?
What are friends for?
How did your friends or family change after they won/received a lot of money?
Whats the worst thing to fap to ?
What web browser do you primarily use?
what’s the thing that you find attractive but is extremely unattractive to everybody else?
For those of you that don't identify as male or female. When you date someone and they call you their "boyfriend" or "girlfriend," is that offensive? Because they're referring to you as a "boy" or "girl" even though you may not identify as either. Or does it just depend on the person?
What is your best "did he/ she really say that" moment?
How do you best teach a girlfriend a language without her even using apps (at least when starting)?
What statement immediately screams uneducated?
Add "in my ass" to your favorite movies title, What's the new name of your movie?
Add "is my favorite movie" to the end of your favorite movie. You may be asking why? Why not?
If nobody has ever seen Santa how do we know what he looks like? Was he caught on CCTV or something?
You can spend 24 hours in a video game as an NPC. What game do you choose and why?
Ever been caught when you did the dirty?
Which smells smell oddly very nice?
What is it like having a G Tube?
What is something cool in your city/town that you like or think people should know?
What do you think of the right?
If you had someone portray you in movie who would it be and why that person?
What do you think of liberals?
What's the biggest mistake you have made?
What's the first thing you would buy if you became a millionaire?
What was the scariest jumpscare?
Why can somebody open instagram posts without account, while others cannot ?
If you had to, what movie character would you like to be?
Users of reddit whats the one song that will get you on the dance floor ?
Girls of Reddit, what is the best flirting technique someone used on you?
What would need to happen before you were pushed to open revolution in America?
What are your thoughts on Metaverse?
What are your best tips for getting rid of a fly that has taken up permanent residence in your home?
Gamers of reddit have games taught you anything that helped You with School if yes wich game and what ?
What or who do you miss the most?
How did primitive humans with schizophrenia perceive their hallucations? Were they human figures or animal ones?
What’s your favourite saying?
Whats the worst thing you smeckspartner asked you to do?
How much money can you actually withdraw from your bank? Like, theoretically. Could Jeff Bezos withdraw $300 Billion in cash if he wanted to?
Atheists who reconnected with "God" or a "higher power" what thoughts or experiences led you to that conclusion?
What small details ruined an otherwise good movie?
What’s an important fact to know but not something you ask on the first date?
Whats the worst thing you’ve found in a boot that you haven’t worn in a long time?
What are some non-English subreddits that people who don't speak the language could still appreciate browsing?
What is the weirdest experience that you have ever had during your vacation?
What family secret caused a big controversy but everyone has moved on/forgotten about it now?
What's the story behind your username?
What is a great song that has a terrible name?
What is happening to Elon Musk ?
Does it make sense to go to college for an extra semester to dual major, or to stick with a double major and not stay longer? Why?
What's small amount of power have you seen go to someone's head?
If you had the ability to go back in time with no restrictions, what would be the absolute pettiest way you'd use that power?
Can you use thick white 8x11 paper on the wall as projector screen? What would be some issues with this?
If reddit hivemind ran for president, what would it’s policies be?
What's the worst thing about dating these days?
What is your favorite ride or activity? Why?
what you think is the first thing that'll happen after we die?
What's the first thing you do when waking up?
People of Reddit... what is something that you appreciate the thoughts and motivations behind, but the action itself irritates you to no end?
People with a chronic mortal health issue or disease with a known expiration timeline, how do you prevent your family and loved ones from having to go through the very morbid and painful timeline with you, in a way other than having an "accident"?
What's the best series you watched recently?
Wanna geat a social media presence, what´s the best social midea to get?
What’s a phrase that only people who live in your city would understand?
What is the BEST advice you have ever received?
Which famous, well-regarded historical figure do you think should be exposed completely for the evil acts they have done?
What's the most video game moment you ever had in real life?
What topic when brought up will you always defend no matter what?
With Daylight Saving Time ending this Sunday how will you enjoy your extra hour of sleep this weekend?
If a zombie apocalips starts which would be your plan to survive ?
A select bunch of humans just got an actual sixth sense. What advantages do they have?
You get to name your own sidekick(like Robin), what do you name them and whose sidekick are they(could be anyone including Batman)?
What must people stop assuming about you?
What are some foods that you don’t buy because you know you can’t control yourself around them?
What's the weirdest thing to happen in your school/workplace?
What do you think it takes for a post to become a Front Page post, besides the likes ofc?
What has been the best amusement park you have ever visited? Why?
Have you ever had a stalker? How did it play out?
What cool things did your friends introduce you to?
Hi Reddit, what challenges or issues do you repeatedly face at work? Or which processes just suck? Where are excel sheets still send around? where do you always have to look ages for the right information?
How do you move on from someone who has never been yours?
What's the dumbest insult you've heard that still managed to make you laugh?
What was your best badass moment?
how did y'all lose weight?
What are some red flags people don't talk enough about?
How are you feeling today? What troubles you?
What's a lie your parents told you when you were younger and when they told you the truth you still didn't believe it?
What advice would you give to an older person who wants to feel young?
Hello Reddit, What is the worst airline/flying stories that you have?
You wake up in 2024, and the US has elected a Yogurt for the presidency, what will you do?
When your social anxiety started?
[Serious] Investigators of reddit, how do you cope with horrible crime cases and crime scenes?
What was the worst thing your parents caught you doing as a child?
How old are you, without saying your age?
[Serious] Without porn, where do you get ideas/inspiration for things to do with your SO in the bedroom?
What is a song that suddenly brings a massive wave of 90s nostalgia for you?
What's something very dumb and dangerous you did but only realised it was very dumb and dangerous after you've done it?
What lie do you tell people when you first meet because it’s easier than explaining the truth?
What is your ideal old age to live to?
Is bleeding out guaranteed in case of genital mutilation? And if it isnt what are the chances of it happening?
What do boys do after a breakup... Just Curious?
What are your online friends stories?
What is a kind act your supervisor did for you?
What are your morning routines like and do you normally have a schedule of what to do today?
What is your favorite saying or proverb?
If you wanted to ask a barista out on a date, how would you do it?
Pro gun people, what is the stupidest thing you heard a anti gunner say?
Imagine presidents get chosen by a lottery, you wake up and realize you’re the new president of the country, what’s your first move?
What do you expect the world and it's technology to be like in the next 25 years if you had to predict it?
What are the best jokes you know?
What is your biggest self accomplishment?
How would you name your child?
What did the Republican party do before the Trump Presidency?
Americans of Reddit, why do people send Christmas cards with pictures of themselves?
What's an example of Reddit using it's powers for good?
If you could merge with any animal, which one would you merge with and why?
How do you get over a fear of failure?
Question to ex alcoholic. What made you quit drinking?
What is your favorite movie/show where translators did a nice job with those "almost" untranslatable sentences/words?
Which beverage is absolutely disgusting to drink?
What was the trigger to make a 180° turn in your life?
Parents/siblings of reddit: what, if anything, are some things that you feel get sacrificed or neglected when someone has a lot of kids, let’s say 5 or more?
What will be the next mayor conflict in the world?
What is your favorite song?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever done out of homey-ness?
Reddit, what are your thoughts on Paul Joseph Watson?
What’s the fastest way for this struggling MILF to be able to post everywhere?
You are now the last person alive, what song is playing?
What does it smell like where you currently are?
(Serious) People of Reddit, why did you sign up for the site?
Hey Redditors if you had the ability to bring something back to life, but in exchange you have to kill something that exists today, what would it be and why?
What's the kindest thing a stranger did for you?
What are your main regrets in life?
How do other people think that feeling happy all the time is a sign of irresponsibility?
What's your go-to snack before bed?
Are there any jobs that actually ARE as glamorous as movies and shows make them seem?
What is something that is better when boring than when interesting?
How do bees know who’s the queen?
What was the hardest or worst job you’ve ever had and why would you never want to work that job again?
How far can technology go in the future?
What bands or singers have you never liked or thought they were crap live?
You wake up in WW3, but it's Nerf guns.. What's your move?
What’s the least unproblematic/ healthiest relationship representation portrayed in cinema?
How do you feel today?
What is your catchphrase, or something you find yourself saying often?
What's the most annoying thing about your best friend?
What's your experience with this year's Astroworld?
What are the 10,000 reasons why you never want to die that you want to tell someone who might’ve forgotten?
What makes a man sexy? Look, manners, build etc..? if mentioned in above so why?
If you could choose to do whatever you wanted as a career to make a living what would it be?
It’s 2001 and you’ve just sat at your desktop ti surf chat rooms. What is your go to chat room/forum?
What movie or franchise would you like to see for the very first time again?
What's the best piece of advice that you got and why got it?
Hey Redditors, what's a moment in your life where someone took it way too far?
How safe is Sharm El Sheikh in Egypt for LGBT, and how should one conduct themselves?
What are some good rabbit holes (any genre) to get stuck into?
Why's there so many online coaches?
What is the worst gatekeeping you've ever encountered on the internet?
Why were you someone’s worst date?
What is your worst rejection story?
What do you choose, thicc thighs or slim thighs?
How are you? What’s going on in your life?
What are some little things that are universal for everyone but we don’t really bring to each other’s attention?
People of Reddit, do you find it annoying when people play the audio on their smartphone (without headphones) on public transport and how do you usually react?
What's something you are currently getting for free or very cheaply by exploiting an unknown loophole?
Whats a movie from your country that the rest of the world should watch?
How would you make an omelette without cracking any eggs?
What's the story of the crime you literally witnessed face to face?
What is the most needed new feature for reddit ?
What has been the best excuse one has used to get excused from jury duty?
Being ruthless, what do you think does it make anyone powerfull?
What movies in the Nursery Rhymes Cinematic Universe are you looking forward to?
Who are some underrated music artists more people should listen to?
How do atheists get married?
What’s a recent news story that’s been overshadowed by mainstream news?
Which superhero or villain would be the most useful to have around the house and why?
when was the worst time that nature called you?
Lesbians of Reddit, what is the most attractive part of a woman?
What are you doing right now, and what do you wish you were doing?
What is something everybody does, but rarely talk about it?
What's something that didn't effect you in fiction (or when you hear about it in general) but really hit you when you experienced/witnessed it in real life?
What's it like to be very attractive?
When you make rickroll meme video, is there any possible way to not get rickrolled yourself?
What is the best way to break up a friendship?
When you‘ve been at the bottom of a huge dogpile after a sports victory, how did you feel? Did you like it or was it just too much on you ?
What movie would you recommend to watch?
What is the best excuse to avoid wedding invitation?
What is your favorite "that back fired spectacularly" moment??
How do y’all get through your day when things are looking bleak?
What are some of your strangest dreams?
What's the weirdest song on your playlist?
How would you fix the $1,700,000,000,000 Student Debt crisis?
Which games have the best Metal genre soundtracks?
Non-US redditors, what's a broken system in your country, like healthcare in the US?
You successfully transplant a new spinal column. What happens next?
Would you like a discord gambling bot that uses real money? What games would you wanna play and why or why not would you want it?
What do you hope for the future generation?
What is the most “American” song ever?
What are some not so famous games that are great, like house or omori?
What’s the best “___ of ___” movie?
What is your favorite book that you would recommend to others to read?
What is a sport that you despise for no reason?
What's the funniest thing you ever witnessed?
What changes do you feel in yourself after taking therapy?
What would be better without the internet?
It feels like buying a dog might have a negative effect on a persons "freedom". Have you experienced a similar problem and if you have, how did you make it work?
What is something unrealistic that you often see in movies that annoys you?
What's your perfect weekend?
What are some weird things that you comfortably do as couple but will definitely sound off to others?
What’s your biggest regret & why do you regret it ?
What would be the worst sport to have a 'beach' variant where all players have to wear bikinis?
If super powers were real, would you be a hero or a villain, and why?
What is a subtle hint someone is rich from your country?
[serious] people who watch snuff films what is so enjoyable about them?
What is a common phobia that you have?
What do you guys think is the best convostarter?
What are some good general conversation topics?
What is the most toxic social media community, why?
How can the lack of action against climate change be mirrored to the lack of action against the rise of fascism in the 20th century?
If you take a step, you'll blow up the planet. What do you do?
Who is a YouTuber that had a character development?
What can you change in history if you brought along with you a history book in the past?
What is the weirdest thing that has happened to u during work?
What are arguments against business owners doing the least amount of work but gaining the most because they are most at risk?
what is a random quote or saying that is stuck on your mind?
What bad thing happened to you that opened up better doors?
What's the most toxic gaming community?
What is your favourite piece of art created since 2000?
What is your favorite proverb and why?
[Serious] What is the best way to get out of sleeping on the streets?
What are the differences between how you want to be remembered and how you will actually be remembered?
How do you move on when you are the victim of a crime perpetrated by powerful people and they will never be brought to justice?
Where do you see yourself, 10 years from now?
When you’re eating something delicious, do you save a best bite for last or do you just gobble it all up? And what is it you’re eating?
All the night show hosts, who do you think is just worst of worst?
What is the single word or phrase that would most accurately describe the largest amount of Video Game Protagonists?
What's the worst rabbit hole, you've ever gone down, while surfing the net?
Redditors, what’s your favorite car and why?
What are some things that just doesn't make sense any more?
What was the most recent random act of kindness that someone did to/for you?
What are some hidden gem subreddits with plenty of stuff to binge read?
What is the weirdest sweet/candy in your country?
What would you do if you wanted to tell the whole wide world that you are in love?
What's the thing you've most wondered about the opposite gender?
Which function Reddit definitely needs?
What was your most recent experience with restaurant that frustrated you?!
What is your best tip for a good night's rest?
Donald Trump decides to move in with you. What happens next?
If toasters became fashion accessories, how would you wear yours?
Which app do you have hard time using ?
Reddit, what's the most awkward moment that happened to you?
What's a joke you love to tell?
What is your favourite slang for dick?
Are you for or against pre-nups? Why or why not?
What is most important in our life love or war?
What are the most common and popular meditation practices that are good for most people of different ages and gender?
What are your thoughts on the Astroworld incident ?
What do UK redditors think about David Fuller being arrested and prosecuted for necrophilia?
How did you want your first kiss to be and how it actually was?
What is the deepest secret you nvr told anyone?
What is the illegal thing you always wanted to do?
What Advice would you give about Starting and Running a small business?
What's the smartest way cops caught a criminal?
What is your SECOND favourite movie?
What’s the best job you got that you were severely under qualified for?
What is your favorite game?
What embarrassing memory do you replay in your head and cringe?
What if you had 4 billion pennies?
Why would a boyfriend go out of their way to hurt your feelings when you are good to them?
who would you call wholesome, what are your base criterias for being wholesome?
When does strict become controlling?
What’s your favourite item at a fast food restaurant in your country?
What was New Years Eve like in 1899/1900?
What's your favourite aspect ratio and why?
Movie employees of Reddit, How many kids came out crying because of toy story 3?
If you had to relive a horrific historic event for a day, which one would you choose?
What's the best title for an essay over social media addiction?
What was your body experiment (physique, nutrition, etc) that ended up really bad?
What was your body experiment (physique, nutrition, etc) that ended up really good?
What age do you want to live to?
What other countries holiday/celebration do you wish your country would fully adopt and celebrate?
How big of an age gap is too big?
What’s a great song with a horrible bridge ?
What area of your life feels empty/unsatisfying?
What do you do when you catch Jesus lurking in the bushes outside your house?
For laptop users, mouse or no mouse and why?
What subreddits can’t handle any criticism?
If your life had a soundtrack, what would it be?
What do you think is the best age to be?
What would be your ultimate festive you'd like to attend?
So, how can politicians actually "solve" the Corona crisis and is there an example of a country (not a remote island) that is mastering the pandemic well?
How does one get out of Nihilism ?
People who are dying or knew / know someone who is, how would you describe them during the lapse before their death?
Are there extra fees beside shipping ones when purchasing items from platco japan to send them to EU?
If everyone in the world had your personality, what industries would suffer?
A baseball bat and a ball cost $1.10 together, and the bat costs $1.00 more than the ball, how much does the ball cost?
Which do you prefer, Chicago or Detroit style deep dish?
what was the most embarrassing moment of your school life when you tried to become a badass?
What's cute but also horrifying?
What’s the dumbest question you’ve heard from the smartest person you know?
What's the best anime choir music/your favorite song?
what is the dumbest thing you have done in school?
Non-americans what do you like about America?
What happens the bulls after they killed?
What is your average and highest WPM?
What is the longest time you've been in a toxic relationship?
what's the dumbest move you have done out of your anger or happiness?
to anybody who has (had) hallucinations, what did you see?
What if we charged glow in the dark rocks during the day, then pointed them at solar panels during the night?
What would the best party ever have to include for you?
[Serious] We keep seeing phrases like "If you have mental health issues, depression, etc., don't be afraid to ask for help," or "get help" and similar ones. But, what can you do when you have no one to ask for help or it's incredibly difficult and pricey to do so where you live?
Non Muslims of reddit, what is some questions you have about Islam?
What to do at the weekend when none of your friends have time and you haven't a family yet?
What "new" body language have you seen since coming to your new country?
Why there's so much toxic in the comments by users on instagram?
What laws make no sense until you think about them?
Which video game rewards you the most for sinking your time into it?
What is your favourite song?
What is the scariest thing you have ever experienced, explain?
When freelancing, how much of your pay should you set aside to pay for taxes?
What do you do when you feel like no one really cares about you?
What are some factoids commonly asserted to be myths, that are, in fact, true?
What are some unique phrases your relatives say?
What would make a movie 10x better by adding Aliens into it?
What goal would you like to accomplish before the end of the year?
What’s something that makes you happy?
What actions are not allowed?
What is a really popular movie that you wouldn’t mind to have not seen?
Both Squid Games and Alice in Borderlands were both good and similar, but Alice in Borderlands had a better storyline and got the audience more emotionally involved in the characters. Why did Squid Games get so much more hype?
People of Reddit who can't cook, why?
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
Class of 97. The song "Wear Sunscreen" by Baz Luhrmann. Looking back then, how much can you relate to the song now?
Questions for whoever wants to answer but what was the strangest way you or a friend lost their virginity?
How does bragging effectuate a braggart?
This applies to left handed or right handed people, what are some of the things you do with your non dominant hand and why do you think that is?
DJs of reddit, why do you ruin all good songs with a remix?
What actions are threatening?
What is something you wish you could say to gen-z?
What was the first video game you've played?
What is the name of your favorite person?
What is happiness in a sentence?
What actor was totally wrong for the role? And who should it have been instead?
Food doctors of reddit why does too much chili make you gassy?
What's the most annoying phrase on reddit?
What's the best part about your generation?
What's the thing that you thought you didn't need, but now you use everyday?
Men of Reddit, what is that one thing that you wish you’re partner would do for you, but you wouldn’t dare ever ask?
What sentimental thing/s do you have and why are they sentimental to you?
People who eloped to get married, what are your regrets?
What's a game that has an underrated modding community?
If you were the slogan/tagline for a product, which product would you be? Why?
(Serious) What is something that your partner does that drives you crazy?
Why on Earth Alcohol, tobacco., etc are legal but not Psychedelics?
Who's your favorite pronstar?
Settle an argument.. what order do you say “scissors paper rock” in?!
People who have more than one cat, how do you cope with them?
You can choose any three people you've ever interacted with (At least talked with) or heard of to be erased from existence and all memory and evidence of them existing disappear.Who do you choose and why?
What is a real life marshmallow test?
Redditors, what's your happiest memory and why?
People of Reddit, what's a useless quirk that turned out to be useful?
Reddit, what do you hate about Reddit?
What’s the most offensive thing you can say to someone these days?
What do you find yourself thinking about just before you fall asleep?
Wrong Answers: What’s the best dating advice?
Redditors that have a fake degree bought online, how did it turn out? What’s your story?
What helped you overcome your phobia?
When playing guitar, why is it that the left hand does the tricky stuff, when the majority of players are right handed?
What's your favorite Yo Mama Joke ?
What is your favorite sandwich?
Wrong answers: what's a good piece of survival advice?
People who are excited or positive about the meta verse, why?
What part of your life did you realize wasn’t a normality, but a symptom?
What is your favourite show or movie?
Who ya gonna call ?
Who is the Worst comedian / human being ever? And why is it James Cordon?
What is the best NSFW dream you ever had?
What's the dumbest thing you've done out of horniness?
How much money would you need to live a good life without working for the rest of your life without spending like an idiot?
What is the best sound in the world?
What is something you have no regrets about?
If you want to add something ahead your name what would it be?
What's an album you think everyone should hear all the way through at least once in their life?
Dost thou have profession? If thou hast, what is it?
What would you do if you found out that a very close friend was stealing from you?
Who is the legendary hip-hop artist of our generation?
People who have visited Chicago, how did you like it?
What’s the antidote of getting brainwashed?
What do you want to do before you die ?
What was the most sweetest thing you bf/gf ever said to you that melted your heart?
What songs are special to you? Who do think of when this song is played? Was there an event that makes you think of this song?
What is your secret for a balanced social life?
People who didn't come from money - would you date someone who is very wealthy and why?
Who is a person alive or dead that everybody in the entire world knows about ?
Mobile gamers of Reddit, What are some mobile games you recommend?
What company has the best customer service?
Arrested Development - What do you think?
What’s a terrible song on an otherwise amazing album?
People who got stuck, what happened?
What’s you average screen time on your mobile?
What are the unethical business practices still run by world famous corporations ?
What was your "we don't deserve <insert animal>" moment and why?
What's something you find attactive with the opposite sex that they are unaware of?
Hey reddit, what’s the one celebrity involved with the MCU that once seen in the universe, it changed the way you saw them as an actor/person?
What are your best “never have I ever” questions?
Honestly, who has never peed in a swimming pool?
What's a casting change that would ruin an otherwise good movie?
What is the biggest myth you used to believe?
What is a behaviour other people do that you genuinely don’t understand?
What is the best feeling ever?
Hi people from Papua New Guinea, how is the education system there and how are career opportunities?
What is the dumbest thing you did to your dick?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what confuses you the most about America?
Add "and your mother" to the name of your favourite song. What is the song now called?
People who've used Tinder or similar dating apps. Do you feel like it's had a Positive, Negative or No impact on your mental health?
What shows intro do you never skip because it's thoroughly enjoyable?
If a wizard was going to turn back time to your first day of high school, but he let you choose any ONE piece of knowledge or wisdom from the present day to remember, what would you choose and why?
What are some of the unwritten rules of Math?
What is the best way to help someone recognize their flaws, and how should one approach this matter?
Who is your favorite rapper and what do you like about them?
Which is better, Phone cover with Camera shield Or Phine cover with inbuilt Wallet?
Who do you turn too during a mental break down?
What is the weirdest thing that completely turned you off?
Everyone on earth gets a dollar each anytime anyone asks them a question of their choosing, but if any two people pick the same question, neither of them get anything. What question do you choose to make the most possible money without overlapping without anyone else?
What keepsake of yours is really a trophy?
When does it stop being inappropriate to name your kid Adolf?
So Ladies and Gentlemen, What was the strangest dream you ever had ?
People who drink to relieve stress, how does it relieve your stress in the moment?
What do you do to deal with heartbreak? What are your coping mechanisms?
What is good start to start earning on-line?
What is your most disliked condiment?
What do you feel when talking to your boss?
Hi! What is your favorite color?
What band or artist have you tried multiple times to get into but for whatever reason they just don't click with you?
What was the biggest ‘sign’ you have ever had that let you know it was time to end your relationship/marriage/friendship?
Who actually writes those Wikipedia pages?
What do you do when the internet is down?
what's your plan for the day after tomorrow?
Who is the scariest person you ever met?
Reddit, what’s something that isn’t broken, but you want to fix?
When did you realise that your parents are horrible people?
What science-fiction movie do you think is becoming real, or will become in the future?
What's the most generous thing a complete stranger has done for you?
What themes from your favorite work still resonate today?
[serious] Which public figure or famous person suddenly disappeared without a trace from the media?
How do you put problems that are for another day for another day?
What Type of item would revolutionize minecraft?
What is your favorite race and why?
What do you call the type of humor where the punchline is an unexpected turn?
What is game definition for kids ?
climate change activists, what made you change your mind on nuclear energy?
What does your mouth taste like?
what is a common phrase that annoys you?
what do you think the afterlife would be like if there's one?
Just before you die, you can check your phone one last time. A notification pops up, what is it?
Isn't every artificial thing technically natural? Artificial means things done or made by human but isn't it what humans do due to "human nature" So technically isn't it what nature making us do so called 'artificial' things?
What's your best childhood cartoon or Movie ?
Those who have cheated on their significant other be it wife or husband girlfriend or boyfriend why did you do such a thing and do you today hold guilt over those past actions?
Who is a commonly disliked celebrity that you actually like?
Who is that 1 actor/actress that you will forever see them as the kid they were no matter how old they are now? Cough cough Macaulay Culkin cough cough?
people who got a second chance, what's your story?
What's your best pick-up line?
what is the best joke you know?
What’s a more or less innocuous word that you don’t like to use?
Swap "love" with "vagina". What's your new favourite song title/lyric?
For those who have used the share button on a porn website, what did you send, and to whom was it sent?
What food sounds gross but actually tastes good?
How do you like to be comforted when you're sad or upset?
Who is a positive male role model on television or in movies?
What is the most stupid rule your school has and is it enforced?
What is the best case of natural selection you have seen?
What breaking news came out just before COVID -19 but was completely forgotten due to the pandemic?
What’s your example of “the grass not being greener on the other side”?
Whats is the best response, when someone knocks on the public bathroom you are in?
What was the most life-changing book you read?
if you could cum something that was not cum what would it be?
Whats that thing your S.O dose that has no logic to it?
What's the strangest coping mechanism you have that's actually effective?
What is your “I’ve got to get out of here” moment?
When are times you caught people lying?
What position do you sleep?
What subreddit is ridiculously underrated?
What's the best way to get untraceable petty revenge?
What is something you know now that you wish you had known earlier in life?
What did Freud name 'id' after? And why don't many people in about it?
Replace a word from the title of the song you last heard and add the name of a porn category to it. What do you get?
What is a cause that you are willing to dedicate your life to?
What's the worst thing that could happen to someone?
What is a game definition for kids?
What sounds creepy when you say it to a random stranger in a dark alleyway?
Hello guys! How are you?
What is the greatest length you've gone to in order to get the attention of someone you liked?
Add “The Fuck Button” to your favorite Disney Movie. What do you get?
What is a good Reddit thread to go to for revenge suggestions?
What is your bedtime routine?
You have the ability to summon a fictional character/armed force in any point in time and place in the past. Who/what military unit would you summon, which point in history, and why?
How much would you want to drink a cup full of 100 strangers’s pure saliva with no dilution with water?
What was 'the incident' in your high school?
What’s the difference between being a simp and a good boyfriend?
What's the best recent movie you have seen?
What is the ultimate turn off?
To the people that have experienced traumatic heartbreaks before, do you actually move on and fall in love again or you talk to someone new till you move on? What are your experiences?
Have you ever manifested and what happened?
What did you want to be when you were small? And what are you doing now?
What is it that makes something wrong you once do as a minor a "mistake" that can be considered sort of a "crime" as an adult?
What are some mind-blowing facts about our dreams?
What is it that makes eating ass so appealing to so many people?
What is your morning routine?
Add "Fucking The" infront of your favourite movie title. What's its name now ?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you ever seen??
Who are you close to friends or family?
What is the best tips for someone writing an ebook?
What dreams have you given up?
Parents of Reddit, what do your children worry about?
What is your worst addiction and how did you solve it?
What makes you feel smart?
What are some fun and clever icebreaker activities that are neither awkward nor don't step on landmines?
It is known that humans thought that Dodos were tasty. What other extinct animals do you think would have tasted good?
What was the best/most over used cologne of the 80's, and the worst?
What: Are you happy with your life?
What is the stereotype associated with your profession/hobby and do you fit that stereotype?
You have a time machine that will take you back to a 1999 high school talent show. What current song/act/skit would you to perform to completely blow everyone's minds?
What is something that you've been keeping deep inside, but want to let it out?
What is one of ur saddest birthday stories?
How do you enjoy being single?
What's the earliest memory you have?
What’s your best comeback to an insult?
What secret are you taking with you to your grave?
What are some informative podcasts that are thorough, complete, and well sourced enough in their coverage of topics to be practically unassailable by reasonable criticism?
Whats a crime you commit on a daily basis?
What's the most popular/common dog name in your country?
What was the "best" thing that turned out to be a trojan horse leading to an absolutely terrible thing?
What would you do if you went in for a job interview and the boss had a gallon of milk sitting on the desk sweating?
What type of phone would you suggest for someone to buy, and why?
From your own experience, what’s the best cure for a hangover?
Is it cannibalism to eat the bottom half of a mermaid? If not, then how about the top half?
Your name is what kills your entire family what is it?
What are the things such as stories, links, songs, jokes, unusual things, anecdotes from your notes/storage that you want to share with the world because they're too good not to tell people?
What was the best breakfast you've ever had and what was it made of?
What is something a friend has said to you that made you lose interest in the friendship?
In the animal kingdom what would be the strongest of all in a 1v1 fight?
Girlfriends of introverted shy guys, how did he approach you?
what is the worst thing you've ever done to somebody, and got away with?
What do you think the perfect morning routine to become super efficient would look like?
Retail workers (Walmart, Target, etc.) of Reddit, past and present, who have worked Black Friday, what are your horror stories?
What’s a song or album you used to love but now avoid?
What theme tune or music would you associate with your life right now?
Which movie trailer made you NOT want to watch the film?
What is a “normal” cost for therapy and what is a good way to go about finding a therapist that works for you?
What's the worst side quest you've done irl?
When you are 80-years-old, what will matter to you the most?
You came across a magic book and you are granted to know what happened to one missing person. Who would be that missing person you wish to unravel about his/her unsolved mystery?
What do you masturbate to if you’re avoiding porn?
What quote can completely change they way you view the world?
What is the most “down bad” thing you have ever seen someone do?
What is your favorite short song under 3 minutes?
What was the best day of your life?
What traits do you look for when you're trying to make a new friend?
What is the brutal truth about life after marriage?
What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?
Military members of reddit, what are some common misconceptions about the military?
If you were given complete control over the entire United Sates Armed Forces, what country would you attack first?
To the girls:If you were given a chance to experience having penis along with your normal body for a day,would you have gone through the experience and what would you have done?To the boys: same question but you are gonna get boobs on your body,would you have taken it?
Ten years from now, what do you think will be completely gone?
What is in your opinion, the definition of a cringeworthy couple?
Hairdressers of reddit, do you love it, or hate it, when a client comes in not sure of what they want?
What was the most difficult part of lockdown for you?
Was there a defining moment when you knew it was over between yourself & your first love ?
In your opinion what’s the worst thing about growing up?
What's better, having high expectations or having low expectations?
What a person sees, if sb, who doesn't have a LinkedIn account, checks their profile in incognito mode?
Deaf People of reddit: How do you "talk sexy" to your significant other?
What is the most absurd thing that happened in your life?
What countries hate each other?
What job is more interesting than it seems?
Who is your favorite character that is stupidly overpowered?
What movies have terrible plots if you think too much about it?
How old were you when you first got Rick Rolled?
What is the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow? (Serious)
Hey, where is the best not expensive place to buy Instagram followers?
Whats your biggest insecurity?
What movie would have been better if the main character died?
When did you made your last friend and how are things going?
What is the best way to lose a leg?
What's the story of how you got your first pet?
What are your thoughts about a solarship for Streamers? Would you be interested and why?
If the Metaverse existed today, would your avatar have your real personality or be significantly different? If different, then in what way?
What food is hella fucking overated?
Whats most unexpected thing that your classmate did?
What's got you upset today ?
Southerners of Reddit, what is your most colorful way of saying "we're fucked"?
How did your Pet Hamster Died?
You've been given the ability to time travel, but not to any historically significant point in time. When/where would you go?
What is something you want at least one person to know before you die?
A statue of abomination of desolation is in a church in the 2000's. Coronavirus is destabilizing the planet and all that is predictable about the future is the blowback. War and ravaged societies are struggling to maintain, while an elitist force is running amok over everyone. What next?
What is the greatest event or opportunity you missed out on due to Covid?
What is something one can learn in 10 minutes and is useful for the rest of one's life?
How do you as a (Portland) Oregon native
Deaf people of reddit, do you have an internal dialogue? If so, what is it like?
What do you consider to be a perfect video game? Why?
What was the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
If you no longer believe in religion. What words do you say privately to yourself for comfort or courage?
How would the world change if we had an irrefutable proof that god is real?
What piece of history do people often get wrong?
What is your ideal vacation?
Why do YOU use reddit?
Americans of reddit, what are your opinions about wearing a uniform to school?
What's the best way to get 8 hours of sleep in 2 hours?
What’s the best place to drop a truth bomb?
How did Facebook go from college kids to boomers?
Pet owners,what is the strangest thing your pet has done?
You wake up with a bloody knife in your hand. Next to you is a dead body. What do you do?
What is something you should’ve known but didn’t until when you were a teenager?
Have your parents or any other person read your personal diary without your permission? What happened?
What food or snack are you craving rn?
What song has an amazing instrumental but horrible vocals/lyrics?
What's that one thing that you did and are proud of but you don't tell about it to anyone else?
How much pee pee is to much poo poo?
What is the most important thing in the world?
The last thing you Googled is your weapon in a Battle Royale against the other commenters. How do you think you’ll do?
You’re having dinner with a hottie, but they contribute nothing to the conversation. There’s only silence as you both eat with limited eye contact. What’s your next move?
Who is your least favorite non-villain character?
What is something you have experienced that most other people in the world have not?
Everyone owns at least one cool shiny metal thing. What's yours?
[Serious] Why are Black man - White Woman Couples so likely to end in divorce?
If there was a history class that could time-travel, and see actual historical events travel to different time periods, without altering the timeline. How effective, exciting, or dangerous would that history class be?
What do you do if you have insomnia at night?
What's something everyone hates that you like?
For those who think it all stops when we die, why?
It’s not like we will find new food, so why do we keep checking refrigerator so frequently?
What is the most irrelevant thing to be allergic to?
How has life screwed you over big time?
If you could have a dinner with anyone in history, who would it be and what would you talk about?
Food glorious food or not so food? What is the weirdest combination of food that actually sings to your soul?
What do you use your fantasy for?
Who is down to squeeze the people shorting Zomedica?
If every person was replaced by you, how long will it take until the first murder?
What popular actor do you hate?
What’s a low risk high reward kind of job?
What if a person is trying to be good or just acting to be good so that good things happen to him is he really a good person or a greedy person then?
What’s a time in history you wouldn’t want to travel back to?
British people, what's the best way to prepare a cup of tea?
How did you get your boss fired?
Wow, you just found $100 in your butt hole, how are spending it?
Professionals who stand to see horrific things, such as doctors, healthcare workers, soldiers...etc. how do you feel about people asking about the horrific things you've seen?
Is there a philosophy on how many friends you should have?
What shirt do you own that you never wear but can’t seem to throw away?
Redditors who have gone to the Mckamey Manor, what was it like?
What were your biggest obsessions as a child?
What was your "OMG my parents lied to me my whole life" moment?
What is the most creative hand-game have you played or seen people playing?
What are you currently exploiting the shit out of?
What android app do you use to download music?
Healthcare workers, what’s been the saddest case you’ve seen at a regular/psychiatric hospital?
What's your favourite sports team?
Gamblers of Reddit, what’s the worst thing you’ve gambled away?
What’s the oldest memory you have of yourself and how old were you?
Why did the company MoviePass failed?
Honesty over flattery? But whyyyyy?
parents of human children who have a stovetop in the kitchen, how the hell do you teach your kid not to imitate you turning on the stove when you’re not around so they don’t burn the house down?
What do you think of when you hear someone is an IT?
What is your favorite meme?
[NSFW] Married Ladies up this late, what is something non sexuel your husband does that to YOU makes your knees weak?
What is the worst lie you have told or heard?
What do you think the biggest war in the next 20 years will be?
What is the worst dating/relationship advice you've ever heard?
What was your biggest flex as a kid?
Who would win in a fight? Palpatine or Lieutenant Grievous?
who do u think is the most underrated artist ever ?
How often do you think about death?
What letter is silent in the word "Scent," the "S" or the "C"?
What is the most disturbing thing you’ve witnessed that’s you will never tell anyone about?
How would you respond to receiving a letter in the mail with a picture of you as an infant and a note saying the photograph fell out of a photo album purchased at a thrift store more than 1000 miles away from where you live?
What’s a Christmas memory you wish you could forget?
What are the things that make you feel unsafe in a city or town?
What is the most annoying commercial jingle?
What are some good Asian porn sites you know of?
What is your most psychedelic experience without actually being under the influence of anything?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever seen?
What are your personal rules for social media?
What do you think about Sri Lanka?
What is your favorite commerical?
People who wait for the store to open...why?
What is an implied obligation in a relationship that you just don't understand the need of?
Who would make a good Family Feud post now that Steve Harvey is gone?
While defending your thesis, what is the BEST toilet paper?
What store brand item (food or otherwise) is actually better quality/tasting than a name brand item of the same?
What is the most dangerous animal in your home nation?
You are screening for potential life partners, what are 3 simple questions you'd ask potential mates, that you could reference back to anytime to keep them in check?
What game have you spent the most hours on?
What's the worst place or situation to start shitting your pants?
Which celebrity went from “Hot to Not” as they got older?
If your sex life was a song... what song would it be?
What is 'snap', the young people and kids talk about?
What’s a thing you know about someone but they don’t know you know?
Parents of reddit. Why some of you like to make a big fuss when your son/daughter get friend that is the opposite gender ?
What advice would you give to your younger self/someone else who is going to turn 24 within a few hours?
People who grew up poor, then become financially comfortable , where do you spend your money after you’ve bought all you need?
In your opinion who is the best comedian between Dave Chappelle, Bill Burr and Louis CK ? Why ?
What’s an opportunity you never expected but changed your life?
Is there a reason that the west coast and Northeast of the USA so different culturally from the rest of the country? why?
What company has done the most environmental damage?
What is your favorite short song (2 minutes max)?
What are the more interesting conversations you have eavesdropped on?
What classes do you have to take to be a founder of a school?
What's cooler than being cool?
Anyone who has taken a gap year after highschool?
Those of you who have written a *famous* criminal in prison, what was your experience like?
What is the most fucked up thing you have ever done?
How often are you having sex vs how often do you wish you were having sex, and what's your age?
Who came up with the idea for the movie Ghostbusters?
Why are you the black sheep of your family?
What would you pitch for an original Black Mirror episode?
What is a true scary story or experience that has left a heavy impact on you?
What is a fact about yourself which makes others go wtf?
Parents, why is it “not worth “ to have kids?
If the human body had an owners manual, what are some things it would say?
What are your favorite diegetic songs in movies?
What movie cliche you hate the most?
What's your favorite word definition on UrbanDictionary?
How do you like to be kissed? When you make out do you leave your tongue in your partner's mouth for an extended period of time? Do you like to break it up more often?
What's something you wanted to do as a kid but never got the chance?
If you died and had another chance to live again but as a celebrity who would you choose and why ?
What is the most bad experience in your life?
If you could have any character from any game as your companion irl, who would it be?
What is the most overvalued thing in the world?
What has been the most heartbreaking thing you have personally witnessed?
[Serious] You are currently in training, but you just got another offer at another job, what is the best way to quit the job you're in training?
What Movie/TV show character do you want to sit and have a few drinks with?
Which car models do you associate with assholes or bad drivers?
What is one smell you just cannot stand?
Gamers of Reddit, has anything scary ever happened over voice chat? What was it?
If you could teleport anywhere in *the galaxy* where would you go?
Which celebrity would you switch lives with and why?
What did you want to be when you were little, and what are you now?
At what age can you give your baby/toddler coke/soda to drink?
People who have died and came back to life, if anything at all what did you see?
How does it feel to be the only black guy in the room?
What is the most interesting useless fact you know?
What is the best way to handle getting yelled at by your boss when you make a mistake at work?
What food could you eat everyday and never get sick of?
What’s the argument FOR the current system of American healthcare?
Redditors whose real name is Karen, does it bother you that the name has become a meme in a negative way?
What’s your top 2-3 movies that have never had a sequel or been remade?
You are the Captain of a heavily armed exploration ship sent by an alien interstellar civilization, you stumble upon Earth, what do you do?
What’s your “hey a guy can dream” moment?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)?
What is a misconception in an area you are expert that other people always believe to be correct?
how would the world change if guns disappeared forever?
Who had everyone wrapped around their finger but was eventually exposed?
What’s a bad decision you made but you only realized much later how bad it was?
What are some of the most difficult UFO sighting / alien encounter stories to debunk?
What's something you thought you really wanted but couldn't afford, and now that you can don't really want it anymore?
Guys, what does it mean when you pat a girl's thigh?
Whats the most sexually taboo thing you've done prior (or during) your marriage that your spouse or significant other has no idea about? Would you ever tell them?
All things considered, do you enjoy life? Why or why not?
What is the name of this Red Hot Chili Peppers song?
What is an interesting food fact you want people to know?
What two video game genres you would mix to get the most fun/interesting game and what would be the game name?
whats the weirdest thing to masturbate to?
Americans of Reddit, if a new presidential election happened right now and the candidates were either Trump, Biden, or Brandon who would you vote for and why?
What is the most traumatising thing that you have ever witnessed or been part of?
What's something you want, can afford, but can't get and why?
What is the most disturbing thing you can think of right now?
Which movie or tv show could have been better/worse if it had different actor/actress?
Is there something wrong with a person who cries without making a crying face but just tears rolling down with a straight face, if so, what’s wrong?
What is the best moment of your life up till now?
What is the best jerky you have ever tasted?
What are your favourite sports conspiracies?
You are getting married on 2/22/22 to someone you just met, what is the most important thing you need to know about your spouse-to-be?
What is the most cursed subreddit you have ever seen?
Why do you have an uneasy feeling right now?
How old are you and why are you that old?
What made you feel lucky today?
What food or drink do you hate the most and why?
What was your biggest "what the heck just happened" moment?
Disregarding basic ethics, what is something that sounds fun but is extremely illegal?
What moment of kindness from your side caused you a lot of trouble?
Have you ever been stalked ? How was your experience ?
What youtuber has the chillest community?
What was the dumbest crime you been called to or committed?
What is the worst Christmas present you had received?
which porn actor do you think has the biggest cumshot in the industry?
What job would you never do no matter how much it paid?
What's your idea for a great spinoff of a TV show?
If life were an RPG, what would be your statline?
What do you *NOT* miss about the 90's?
How long does it take to get over your ex?
What is the rarest / most expensive / holy grail item in a video game?
If you died tonight what would you regret not doing?
What’s your craziest job interview story?
Should circumcision, when not medically reccomended, be considered genital mutilation?
People who said fuck it, abandoned everything and started over from scratch, how did it go?
What's your opinion of Yakuza games?
Which one fictional movie character really inspired you?
Did your parents ever give away/garage sale/push you to regift toys when you were a kid that you wanted to keep that are worth alot now?
How do dumpster divers feel about the very real risk of being spiked by a needle?
What will happen if whole world decided to go VEGAN?
Our Ancestors and Copulation How did our ancestors know the procedure of having sex without any first hand source of information or guidelines?
Uber drivers of Reddit. What are the craziest stories you’ve heard while driving a passenger?
What is not being told to you about hospitals?
People of Reddit who have got the common cold during the pandemic, what are the best or most likely worst reactions you have got from other people?
To former porn addicts. How did you quit or drastically decrease your intake?
What is your crazy jury duty experience?
What song that you know brings back those memories?
What is something that you might regularly overlook that you are very grateful for?
What gives you good vibes?
What funky future trends do you expect specific to certain years?
[Serious] Flight Attendants what treats or small gifts can passengers give you to make your day a little bit better?
When was the last time you went to a Restaurant and what did you had there?
How often do you think about sex, and what's your age?
If you could pick who performed at the Super Bowl, who would be your choice?
What’s the worst performance in an otherwise great movie?
Why would anyone in the Empire feel sympathy for the rebellion?
How often have had a dental cleaning where the hygienist cleaned your teeth and you never saw the dentist?
People Shuffling Songs They Never Heard Before, Why?
What's an underrated pet to have?
What fictional character death took you the longest to get over?
What's your earliest memory?
What company or product lost your business solely based off of their marketing ads?
What are your best recommendations for reliable sources to look up any and all information and what makes them trusted sources?
What's the strangest thing you have eaten?
What problem does it feel like you deal with the most often?
What is a lie you tell yourself most often?
what are you known for?
People who were brought up vegan or vegetarian throughout their childhood, what's it like now as an adult? Are you still the same?
What is the neatest thing someone can buy for under $5?
What was the worst end of year or Christmas bonus you got at work?
What is something you were scared of, but were able to face the fear and overcome it?
what video game death hurt you the most?
What is the worst Christmas Song?
What your motivation to answer question on AskReddit?
You are tasked to redefine the flag of your country. How does it look like?
People say "nothing worth having is easy to get and nothing easy to get is worth having." What's your example where this was NOT true?
What matters most to you in life?
If you could ask earth one thing what would it be and why?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at work?
What did you buy from SkyMall?
Whats the best final boss theme in a unexpected game?
Which ads made you NOT buy that product?
Some people believe that all public transit should be abolished. Why?
What film gave you childhood PTSD?
What medication do you self prescribe?
What would you be doing if all of your debt was erased?
In 2020 we hoped that 2021 would be better, what are your expectations for 2022, and do you have planned for 2022?
Parents in reddit. What was the saddest thing your child searched in Google/told by chat?
Human Resources people of Reddit, what separates prospects during your interview process? What’s a quality or skill that you prefer the most?
Guys, if your best friend has a hot sister....how do you cope when at their house?
People of reddit (:]).. what makes a joke, a joke?
Couriers and customers alike, what’s the worst experience you have had with delivering or receiving a package?
What is something often misinterpreted about your work field that you think people should know the truth about?
What’s stressing you out at work right now?
What is the best pie?
What Supernatural or Spiritual Beliefs do you have?
You can send three items into outer space that will be found by aliens. These items will determine if they make contact with us and if so, peacefully or not. What are those three items?
Ponytail guys of Reddit, why?
What is the sweetest thing that anyone has ever done for you?
Who was that Mr./Ms. Perfect in your life that always made you feel inadequate?
What is a movie or show you think is underrated?
What happens after nuclear detonation? To be more specific, do countries remain at war after they annihilate each other, if there’s a remaining government?
Which is the best podcast about History on Spotify?
What was a complete disaster, but quickly forgotten?
What is that one crazy thought that you never acted upon?
People of Reddit, given the recent Travis Scott situation, have you ever been to a live show that put your safety in jeopardy? What happened?
How long did you mourn the loss of your favorite pet?
What is it like having your first date or even kiss after the age of 26 years. How did you find the first one?
There’s a meteor heading straight for the earth in less than 5 minutes. There’s no time for anything else but to load up one last song, close your eyes and listen to the melody of what song?
who is your guilty crush?
a manager at the retail store,Just made a new policy that all tattoos must be completely covered while employees are at work. What do you think?
redditors of reddit, what are some cool/fun subreddits to browse in your spare time?
Trans men & women, how was your experience coming out or transitioning into the person you are now?
Do u like superheros? If yes why? If not why?
What's something you wish you'd focussed more on getting better at when you were younger, but now it's too late?
What do you snack on while watching TV?
What’s something you did not appreciate last year but now appreciate this year?
What kind of snack do you pay premium for?
What is your most disturbing experience with a Furby?
How do we know that rocks aren't alive?
Teachers of Reddit - how do you handle students who actually ARE smarter than you?
What common knowledge is just the tip of the iceberg?
Whats your side hustle?
How old were you when you had your first wet dream?
What do you do and how much do you make annually?
Redditors who learned how to have orgasms without direct clitoral stimulation, what made things change for you?
What is your most vivid memory of a dream?
When is the last time you actually watched a commercial? Or paid attention to an ad?
What was the worst thing someone ever did at your school?
How can we stop corporations from controlling US politics?
What do you hope people in your life would say or think about you?
If you knew you were going to die at the very end of a day, what is something you would definitely do?
What’s on your bucket list that you know you will never complete?
What is your best "I can't believe I didn't get arrested" story?
Wise people say we have a overpopulation problem. So what is a comfy population for earth? And will catastrophe put us there anyway?
what was the last thing that made you feel happy and/or loved?
Have you ever wanted to write a book? What type? Genre? Hint a summary?
What was the last completely self-less thing someone did for you, or that you did for someone else?
Would You Want To Live In Another Planet, which one?
What’s a culture you’d like to learn more about?
What is a very real thing hat you refuse to believe is real?
What was the worst group project that you were a part of in school?
What are you required to do in your workplace that is a waste of time?
LGBTQ(insert the rest here)+ have you ever been discriminated against because of your identity or orientation, if so, what’s your story?
To the people of the United Kingdom what impact had the Irish War of Independence on the UK?
What celebrity short-cut his/her way to the top? how did they do it?
What's the best/worst attempt at a scam you have seen?
what are examples of nostalgia, ie people wishing for “the way it used to be”, that are completely inferior to what we have now?
[Serious] What actions could Congress take to limit Zillow-like behavior in the housing market moving forward?
what’s a “safe” opinion that you have, that you’d get absolutely no hate for?
What's red flag that a boss isn't someone you want to work for?
How do you de-stress after a long week?
What movie always makes you laugh?
Some seem to think that every point around the circumference of a circle is equidistant from the center. Where exactly does this misconception originate from?
What's the funniest thing a kid has ever told you?
What are some laws or social rules that completely baffle you?
What food always makes you smile?
What are some simple, daily habits that have made your life better?
What is something you said that aged like wine?
How do you know if your pet has to poop?
What's the craziest event you've ever witnessed?
What fast food restaurant do you feel the most unsafe in and why?
What is your favorite hobby?
Doesn’t matter how random or specific it is, but what’s something you know that most people probably don’t?
What do you miss about the ‘80s?
If your soul could inhabit the body of any character from a series/anime/movie and so on, which character would you be and what would you do differently from them?
What do you think is going to blow up after 4-5 years?
What is the most painful experience in your life so far?
What is ur favorite music genre and why?
What's something you absolutely should have by the age of 30, no matter your circumstances?
You are forced to drop a nuke on a major city. Which one do you choose and why?
When did you realized no one seems to be innocent and everyone has their hidden agendas?
How should you work in college to be successfull ?
What is that one good aspect you like about a movie which you otherwise hate?
How does Dissociation feel like to you?
What are some toxic people you've met so far in life and how do you counter them?
What are some kind words you can pass to a scrolling stranger today?
What's your favorite Christmas Song?
Aliens have landed You can ask only one question , what would it be?
What’s an exclusive holiday in your country like thanksgiving in the US?
What music makes you cry?
What's the best playlist on Spotify?
What’s your biggest screw up in the kitchen ?
What song always lifts you up?
whats the craziest thing thats happened to you while taking drugs or drunk?
What movie/anime is really overrated in your opinion ?
If you could live anywhere and you were granted enough money to live there comfortably, where would that be and why?
What smell reminds you of your parents?
What will our first alien contact be like?
If you could turn your bones into any other material, what would it be and why?
What odd conversations have you overheard strangers talk about?
What is YOUR biggest fear?
To the people who have Spotify, what playlists are you into?
If you could go into a show or video game, what would you go in?
Redditors who go through life raw dogging reality - no drugs no alcohol - what's that like?
How do you cheer on someone named Brandon now?
Have you ever won a raffle/lottery/sweepstakes? if so, what did you win?
What is the largest animal you could beat in a fight and how would you do it?
Parents of Reddit, how nervous were you when you had your first child knowing how responsible you had to be?
What is an alternative to having a bad day?
What trends you don't understand?
What angers you the most in life?
If earth had a main character who would it be?
How has inflation hit your household?
What's one thing you miss about being a child?
What is something you said that aged like milk?
Who’s someone you wish you didn’t have empathy for?
Redditors how rich one has to be in your country to have their personal in house chef ?
If you went back in time 1,000 years and could bring only one thing with you, what would you bring in order to take over the world?
What’s a body part you would not mind loosing ?
What thread would you join to ask a medical related question on?
What's your "this is nothing like the photo," Amazon, eBay, wish, etc moment?
What are the best practical examples you can think of that demonstrate the idea that sometimes less is more?
What are some of the most interesting facts or details of the bible and about what is written in it?
What band/musician had the biggest change in persona?
What is the smallest thing you're grateful for?
People of Reddit, What are some conspiracy theory’s that you think may be proven true in the next 20 years?
What's the most interesting "iceberg" knowledge you have?
What do your friends or family keep trying to get you to do but you refuse?
What’s your biggest mess up in life that had horrible consequences?
What is the best mobile brand and why?
What is your true lost love story?
The Middle Ages weren’t long enough for a lot of human evolution but what attributes do you think came from them?
The last thing you ate ends up being pooped back out in its original, pre-eaten form. What was it and how bad is it?
What sport is popular in your country, but not popular in almost any other country?
You Have A Book That Has Infinite Spells. What Spell Would You Do And How Do You Do It?
What was the dumbest thing you saw someone's life ruined over? Do you think they deserved it?
In 2077, United States of America decides that the name is too long and Decides to change it into a fitting one-word name. What would that name be?
What’s something worth paying the extra money for?
What celebrity have you heard nothing but bad things about from the people who worked with them?
Non-Americans: What is the main bedroom in your home called?
If you could go back in history and see one specific event happen in real-time, what would it be?
What is the bravest-seeming thing you ever did?
people who like solitude more than being among people how did you meet your SO ?
What's Your Favorite Christmas Movie?
Instead of actually adding to the conversation, why are people replying only by writing "this" in posts?
What is one thing you've removed from your life that's made it significantly better?
What was a time you got something stuck in you and was genuinely scared it wasn’t coming out?
Redditors who supported brexit, what were your views on Scottish independence? Did they line up with your views on brexit?
When did you realize you were older than you thought?
What's the difference from being born to being bred?
What is your worst fear?
People who respond to stack overflow questions, why do you do it?
If you could have any superpower, what power would you have and why?
What was the event that marked a before and after in your life?
Burnt out gifted kids, what are you up to now? Where do you work/what do you do?
what's the worst part of being left handed?
Redditors, if you woke up tomorrow and were in charge of Affirmative Action in your country, what would you do?
What are some less common, but great food combinations?
What’s something it’s encouraged to have 1 of but looked down upon if you have 0 or 2+ of?
How do you wish birthdays?
For people who watch those videos covering a YouTuber's life and family, what do you get out of it? Do you actually stay abreast of that YouTuber's latest happening? aka is every video of theirs a must-see?
What’s the most creative commercial, ad, etc you remember?
What are some good snacks for a desk jockey?
What's the best horror story anyone has ever told you?
People of Reddit, what is your Best Drunk Story you have told?
What was your rock bottom and how are you now?
You can show one movie to an audience from 1946, what movie are they watching and why did you pick it?
Ever walked in on someone, and what happened next?
What book series do you wish was made into a tv series or movie series?
What is the cutest thing that your significant other has ever done?
What’s the most messed up Wikipedia page you’ve come across?
What is the best dipping sauce for chicken nuggets?
What is a product that has remained consistent over time?
You wake up one day, invincible to everything but your username. How do you protect yourself?
What makes a smart question a smart question?
When would you say your life "properly" began?
What is something you always thought you needed and realized you didnt need at all once you had it?
When was the last time you stood corrected, and why?
Money aside, if Elon Musk is in first place, who is in second?
Uber/Lyft drivers, what are your horror stories?
You are now the protagonist of planet Earth. How will you shape the future going forward? Will you be the villain, hero, something else?
What wholesome thing happened to you/around you today?
What color should you paint your room ?
Men of Reddit, you look down to suddenly find that your penis is now shaped like the last thing you ate. How bad is it?
What’s your biggest fear?
Recently a school superintendent has decided to use prison labor to cut labor and maintenance costs what do you think?
Why do you ask questions about the dark side of peoples past. I.e. "whats your biggest fuck up" etc?
Which holiday has traditional significance and no cultural significance to you?
What's for lunch today?
Lesbians of Reddit, what do you do when you and your partner sync your cycles?
Let's have a laugh redditors. What is the weirdest or most embarrassing thing you ever did out of sheer laziness?
If you’re addicted to something really bad that’s not good for you , how do you get rid of it?
What is your nickname?
What is something risky that humans do frequently with little or no thought regarding the risk involved?
When & How did you realize that your childhood hero wasn’t actually a hero?
People who don't work, what do you do?
What's your most cowardly act?
What was the worst job you were employed in that you will never return to? Why?
What are some of the lesser known mission related quality movies of Hollywood?
For people that stopped beliving in releigion, what is your reason?
What are you convinced doesn’t exist?
What are some real life examples of the saying that "beauty can be a curse"?
When was the last time you peed yourself?
If you see clouds when you look at the sky right now, what cloud pictures does your immagination produce?
What movie did you accidentally watch and ended up enjoying?
How long has it been since you lost hope and what is life like now?
Morticians of Reddit: What's something about dead bodies that would surprise most people?
What death do you believe was an assassination?
What fact about you sounds like a lie so you don’t say it much?
What song would you show to someone from the year 1600 to explain modern music?
What's something that you do/happens to you which you're not sure is normal or not?
What is the absolute worst?
Why you would never be happy?
What's your favorite alcoholic drink from your country?
Break an established world record by the end of today and you get a million dollars cash. Which one are you attempting?
What sound annoys you more than it should?
You wake up in the last show you watched. The only difference is that the zombie apocalypse has happened. With the cast ad your support system, do you flourish or fail?
Is there a human hygiene product brand/model you swear by? What is it?
If your age is the number of times you have pooped throughout your life, how older are you than your SO?
What’s the closest you’ve ever been to getting fired from your job?
What do you need right now in life?
What's your opinion on vigilante justice? Do you consider it to be something good or it just shows the hypocrisy of the world?
What stereotypes did your high school have?
What is your biggest pet peeve about your partner?
What do you find really annoying that most other people arent bothered by?
The last show you watched. You had to live there for 1 year. Where you living at?
What aspect of society would be the most difficult to explain to people of the future?
What food do you miss that no longer exists?
What is something you were assumed to know... even though no one ever taught it to you?
What is the most memorable concert you've ever been to?
What’s one part of a song that if you miss it, you’ll start the whole thing over to hear it?
What is an old game that you still play to this day?
What cool urban legends does your hometown have?
What is the happiest moment in your life?
What if bugs were huge like cars?
what's going on your mind now?
What is your biggest achievement?
How did you realise that you were REALLY an adult now?
How SHOULD a "real man" accept rejection, either it be love or something of that sort?
What ways you deal with procrastination?
Has your job been represented in a tv show/movie and if so how much did they get right?
What is one TV series that you think should NEVER have a reboot?
With the holiday season approaching - what arguments are you anticipating at family gatherings?
Hair dressers of Reddit what was the biggest mistake that someone has come to you with and what did you do to fix it?
What's the book that you'd recommend to everyone?
What's something absolutely harmless that makes you nervous or jumpy?
You're in your grandmothers attic and see a dusty lamp in a box. You dust it off and Robin Williams pops out and offers to grant you three wishes! What would you wish for?
Your great, great, great to the power x grandfather from the 10th century is visiting. What's one thing from the present you'll struggle most to explain to him and how will you do it?
What daily activities at a personal level that one considers to be normal but actually pollutes local river water quality?
Why should we care about the metaverse?
Dear Reddit, if you open the door and saw that someone left a baby at your porch, what would you do?
What is the worst part about jobs that most people think are quite awesome to have?
Gamers on reddit, how do you control your anger/frustration/toxicity in game towards others or yourself?
What's your favorite song?
senior Redditors who were on reddit since its creation and before it got popular .. how did reddit change throughout the years?
What obsolete media format do you miss the most?
What are your favourite mods for video games?
[Serious] Teachers who give 'Getting to Know You' worksheets at the beginning of the school year, what have you found out about your students ?
What's better than sex?
How do you tell the difference between platonic and romantic love?
What do you like best about yourself ?
You met a cannibal tribe and are now being prepared in their cauldron. What ingredient is an absolute must to turn you into a tasty meal?
What is your most favorite world foods?
People who woke up from a coma, what was the experience like?
If marrying inter-species was normal, which species do you think would lead you to a divorce within a year?
How can you help the people around you?
Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?
You have 24 hours to do one thing you always wanted to do that you haven't done before, what are you doing?
When was the last time you had a deja vu, only to realize it was not?
Morning people of reddit, how do you do it?
In an age with reasonably priced good beer, why are terrible brands like Bud Light still top sellers?
How do you get motivation when you’re depressed?
What is the most important thing in your life?
If zombie apocalypse happens in your country, how would the country, allies and citizens take action?
What anecdotal story would you like to share?
What's the creepiest true story?
What is a useful life skill you can learn right from your phone?
If you were placed in the year 1800, what would you do to prove you’re from the future?
What are the 7 Wonders of Reddit?
Managers of Reddit, how many of your calls, if any, are from Karens?
What is the best Dad Joke you know?
What's your funny story about how 2 people meet in bizarre circumstances, started dating and eventually married?
What has brought you close enough to pee from laughter?
Why do you care what a stranger on reddit says about you?
What is a song lyric that has always stuck with you?
What’s an animal that’s really dangerous, but people think it’s inoffensive?
What's your things didn't go as planned moments?
What's the worst dating advice you can give to someone?
Whats your Favourite minecraft version?
What is your breakfast of champions?
What is the most embarrassing answer you’ve ever given (bonus points if people laughed at you)?
What is the worse experience you have had with Social Media?
[Serious] In the afterlife, you are granted a chance to review any event that occured in the past, to see in a different perspective or to find the truth. What will be the event you are reviewing?
For you couples that watch adult entertainment together, what videos/producers/actors etc are better suited to couples viewing?
What question Someone asked you that secretly broke your heart?
What’s stopping Amazon from becoming J&R from the show Jericho?
What’s a joke that people in your work industry would find funny?
If you had the power to teleport but could only use it once, how would you use it?
Who was/is your favourite teacher of all time and why?
What do you think about a nation-wide student loan debt strike starting on January 31, 2022?
Delete one modern corporation from the world, which company would it be?
What is a reason you would murder someone?
What things improve focus?
What is a weird/disturbing/oddly specific thought or fantasy you often have?
What really isn't as bad as people think?
To people who have bought NFT’s ………….Why?
What's an underground album that more people should know about?
what was that moment where you felt that if you had money, things would have been different?
Who is the best guitar player of all time?
What is something you tend to do when in a “good mood”?
How would you use Thanos' infinity gauntlet?
What’s your best “well yes, but actually no” moment?
What do you think is Squid Game creating hype about its season 2?
McDonald's employees, has the ice cream machine ever worked? What crazy story do you have about it?
What is the funniest/weirdest conversation you’ve overheard someone say while they were asleep?
If you got to ask God any question, what would it be?
What is it like having one eye blind, and the other not?
What is the most annoying meme?
When is the right time to start listening to Christmas music?
What do you just not understand the hype over?
(Serious) What’s the worst way you saw someone handle a death?
What was your experience with semen retention?
What sometimes feels, but can't get it?
What was your worst date like?
What do you miss about the 00’s?
What habit changed your life permanently?
What's something weird that your SO does?
According to you, what Movie(s) setting/universe should be implemented for a Video Game?
What should be the meaning of life?
[serious] What was the one act of kindness that changed your life?
What makes someone beautiful?
There's a set of armor that takes a different form for each person who wears it (ex. A Fedora, suit and white gloves or a beanie, flannel shirt and jeans). What form does it take for you?
If you could change only one thing in the world, what would it be and why?
What were your 15 minutes of fame?
What are you craving for to buy at Black Friday?
What music artist in overrated?
What fictional character often seen as powerful has a weakness that make them ridiculously easy to defeat?
What’s odd ingredient in something you use?
What is that dream you'll always remember?
When have you dug yourself a hole by accident that affected your life?
Kyle Rittenhouse trial is ongoing. Why don't many of his supporters want the trial when it's the best way to prove his innocence?
Need to ask ppl for their phobias cus of homework purposes soooo, what are your phobias?
How would you react if an Among Us movie came out? Would you watch it or not?
Which music scene has the nicest fans?
What was the smallest gesture that showed you someone truly cares about you?
What fanbase is the most toxic based on their subreddit?
Where likely will begin the Third WW and who can start it?
What's your least favorite genre of movies and why?
When you really think about it, what was the happiest moment of your life?
What emergency food do you keep at work for when you're running late and don't want to make or buy your lunch?
What do you miss about the 40s?
What's something you don't regret doing?
People who are night owls or travelling at night, what’s the creepiest experience have your ever had or any scary place you passed by that scared the shit out of you ?
If u could change or delete one law what would it be?
When did you struggle the most in life?
What’s something a new homeowner should do in the first year of owning a home?
What battle armour would you want in real life?
Plumbers of reddit, what is the most disgusting thing you've ever found in a pipe?
You just got out of a midnight showing of a great horror movie. On your way home, you notice that someone else is lurking behind you, perhaps even following you. What are your first thoughts?
Who was the meanest celebrity you have met?
Which word is very general in your language but means something inappropriate in other language?
What was your favorite age growing up?
What is a fetish you want to try?
Whats a little thing people do that is actually really scummy?
What’s something that only happens in movies and never happens in real life?
Business Owners of Reddit: How Do You Personally Create A Comfortable and Friendly Work Environment and What Do You Expect From Your Employees?
What is something you would say ironically, but has now become part of your general vocabulary?
For all the Redditors, how many hours are you on reddit?
What's the first app you open after waking?
Are Hollywood celebrities the cultural puppets of US government or anti establishment opposition? What are your reasons?
As an adult - what's something you assumed everyone does, but just recently found out it's just you?
You get to write the editorial for Time Magazine, What are you writing about?
What would you do on the first date? And where would you go?
What was the first thing you did to disappoint your parents?
What’s one subreddit you wished didn’t exist?
Did you ever get "The Talk" from your parents? How was it?
How do you get people to respect you more or take your seriously?
What fetish were you nervous to try, but have loved it ever since?
what is the most fucked up thing you saw in a movie?
What's something the general consensus on the internet agrees with, but probably no one believes/follows in real life?
How old were you and what event caused you to "loose your innocence"?
What is your favorite movie that you sometimes struggle to remember?
What is the most useless talent you posses?
What's your favourite animal and why?
What video game universe would you want to live in and why?
What is it like to get your wisdom teeth out? Does it hurt? Is it scary? Was it worth it?
What is your opinion on hand shaking now? Do you think it will make a comeback in any form post-pandemic?
What's the Quote that you think you'll never forget?
What are your top 5 most listened to songs?
What makes you lose your shit very easily?
Men of Reddit, when is it acceptable for a woman to approach you and ask for your number?
What caused you to finally stop being a people pleaser?
If Ghislaine Maxwell were willing to name people, what kind of deal would you be willing to offer her?
What are your thoughts on being non-vegetarian but feeling sad about animal slaughter?
How do you know if someone is single?
What thing you try to never teach your Kids what your parents teach you?
What's something you thought you're terrible at, but once you tried it out you noticed you're pretty good at it?
Good people of reddit what's your best r/kidsarefuckingstupid moment?
What is the only word you know in a language you don't know and what does it mean?
What is your biggest achievement??
What's a sign on a person where you think "They will never get their sh*t together"?
What is one secret you kept from your parents?
When did schooling stop being about wanting to learn and start being about having to?
You're now trapped in the world of the last web comic you've read. How are things looking for you?
To all IT Admins on reddit, what fishy things have you found that the employees did while working from home?
What is your favorite local slang word/phrase and what does it mean?
What’s something you liked before it became mainstream or popular?
What is the stupidest superpower you could potentially destroy the world with?
what is the one tattoo you regret getting?
whats your favorite riddle??
What's a phrase or a word in your native language that just sounds so inappropriate to English speakers?
What jokes are overrated?
What fashion trend are we going to cringe at in 10 years?
What do you think of Paul Rudd being named People magazines sexiest man alive?
What is something that happened to you that you thought was bad, but turned out to be for your own good?
Ever had to coach someone to defeat their school bully? what was your advice?
What's the first thing that entered your head when you heard about the covid-19?
Would you ever fuck the opposite gender of yourself? Why or Why Not?
If Nelson Mandela had never existed, what phrase would we have coined to mean the Mandela Effect?
[Serious] What did you do to recover from being suicidal?
If you’ve convinced someone who didn’t want the vaccine to get one, who was it and how did you do it?
How are herd animals kept quiescent while getting led to the slaughter floor?
What are your thoughts on politicians pushing masks/vaccine mandates while not following them?
In your professional opinion, what is the defining factor in becoming an Influencer?
Philosophers of reddit, what comes after death ?
In the English language, what's your favourite and least favourite word?
With all of the news on Travis Scott's concert injuries/deaths, are there any redditors who have experienced crowd crush at a concert? If so could you describe it?
Redditors who have asperger's, which problems do you face on a daily basis and how do you deal with them?
Whats something many people find normal but you have phobia of that thing?
Psychic spies from China try to steal your mind's elation. What can we do about that?
If you were a Pokémon, What would you be?
What was the most ridiculous thing you did out of pure spite?
People who are there in Viral videos, How did you end up there and what's the story?
What does happiness mean to you?
What if you were walking in on the coast of the Pacific North West when you found a portal. It lead to a post apocalyptic fantasy world where necromancers reign supreme? Also what is that behind you?
What books are truly censored? Not like to kill a mockingbird, like hardcore, unheard of, classified censorship?
Which is the weirdest r/ that you know?
How do you peel the shell of a boiled egg?
When was the last time you genuinely tried not to laugh at something in a serious situation, but really could not hold it in and made the situation much worse than it was?
What advice would you tell your past self from ten years ago?
What product will you never buy the generic version of?
Crane Operators of Reddit: How Do Y'all Go To The Bathroom?
When was the worst year of your life?
Whats holding you back?
Which country are you surprisingly impressed with and why?
Which movie scene made you burst out laughing, but for the wrong reasons?
Tonight you will die, what will your last words be?
What is the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What event in your life caused you to reevaluate your beliefs and views and change them?
What now will become you nostalgia 20 years from now?
What technologies are we taking for granted in 2035?
What is a specific shoe you wear when you know you're going to walk for a long time?
What is something that you want to confess to your partner but cab bring yourself to?
What type of rage have you witnessed that terrified you? (i.e. someone was pushed beyond their limits and instead of lashing out they just stood quietly) [serious]
What is a red flag that you're about to walk into a toxic work environment when getting hired?
What is the best under 6inch screen sized phone for 2021?
What question would you ask on this subreddit to get to the top voted post of the day?
If you're dropped in the middle of the Amazon rain forest right now with only what you're wearing and every item/person/section of things in 3 meter cube around you, how are you getting out of the rainforest and back to where you are now?
What qualifications would it take to build a school?
How do you tell someone for the fifth year in a row in no uncertain terms without sounding like an asshole that you are REALLY not interested in going to their birthday parties?
What's a TV show that has one great season, but the rest can be skipped entirely?
What is a CHAD?
what are you proud of?
what are you doing in life to find the purpose?
What thing are you weirdly attached to?
What are some lies that society needs in order to function?
What's your favorite scary story?
What are some common tv/movie tropes that make you not want to see said, show/movie?
Redditors who did well in school but failed in college due to resurgence of untreated mental illnesses, how is it going for you today?
What are some must-knows in Reddit user behaviour, that every new Redditor should know?
Healthcare Professionals of Reddit: Are you able to watch a movie, see an injury, and disassociate from it? Or is there always a part of you that stresses out when seeing injuries (even knowing they are fake)?
what positive/negative experiences have games had for you?
Who is your favorite comic book artist?
What is the best drink there is?
Redditors of Reddit, how did you get your first platinum?
What is the correct pronunciation - data or data, and, minute or minute?
What were some positive things about this pandemic?
What children’s show would be awesome as an adult cartoon like Family guy?
Modern medicine is not available. How old would you get?
What are the positives and/or negatives about video games?
What do you want to say about your best friend?
What ring tone did you have that made you feel proud to answer your phone?
What anime did you like anyway, but were dissapointed in?
What movie was absolutely phenomenal, but you’ll never watch it again?
What is the weirdest way (doesn't have to be a bad way) you admitted your feelings to someone and how did they respond?
What's better, To tell people when they're wrong or do wrong to them without letting them know?
What are your opinions about video games?
What show do you wish had more seasons?
What's the dirtiest secret you know about your school?
What song would you like to receive from someone with the message “This always makes me think of you“?
What is the best yo momma joke you’ve heard?
What is something that they *do* make like they used to?
How much would it cost you to sell your soul?
aight let’s settle this
What are 3 video games that are mid?
What is the most physically demanding sport?
How we can have a brighter future?
What sporting event are you convinced was totally rigged?
What makes a party fun?
What memories you'll remember before death/while dying?
What's the best part about your life?
A cloud appears above your head and a beam of light comes shining down on you. What's your next step?
When you see a woman all beautiful, what turns you on the most?
Haunted house employees, how often do you see parents get so scared they leave their kids while running away?
What high stakes situation have you bluffed your way out of?
What’s a snack you find tasty, but everyone else finds gross?
What will be the downside of companies and governments providing services within a virtual reality?
What is hyperphantasia but for music?
Boom, zombie apocalypse. What are some niche skills you have that would make you an asset to a group of survivors?
What do you do when you lost your soul?
If you were a sleeper agent what would be your activation phrase?
Which modern day company treats their workforce the worst?
What is the most bizarre scam call or text you have ever received?
Reddit, how did your hamster die?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've done to get the attention of someone you liked?
An asteroid is about to hit the moon, in 12hrs the Earth will be showered with meteors providing an amazing light show but killing everyone on the opposite side oo our planet. Do you watch?
Physics, chemistry or biology? Which is your favorite science?
Cops of reddit, what situations make you decide there is too much paperwork and you give a warning instead, just to avoid the paperwork?
Skeptics, what answers do you still question?
What's the biggest gamble you've ever taken? How'd it turn out?
People who have proposed and got rejected, what happened after?
Who lived long enough to become the villain?
How do you get out of a relationship with someone who is manipulative and controlling?
Whyy do some peop1e always try to find an excuse for their problems even if u give them a solution?
If you had the power to go back in time and save any form of lost media from becoming lost what would it be and what do you think the outcome be?
What is the best airline you have been on?
For the people who do not believe in Wyoming USA what do you think is all in that space?
What is something you feel really guilty about, and you can't get over it?
If you had travel back to any period from history and spend the next 5 years of your life there where/when would it be and why?
What was the closest you ever felt to being a true rock star?
People who got into legal trouble when you were younger, how has your life progressed and what are some things you wish you knew?
Health inspectors of Reddit what are some of your most shocking inspections?
How do schools make money?
Why would people want to hurt you?
Employees, who is/was your favorite boss, and why?
What is abusive behaviour for you?
What is the best song of 2021 in your opinion?
What would 1 million (insert your currency) would do for your life?
What made you start believing in supernatural or paranormal phenomena?
Who's death was predicted by many?
Users of Reddit, how did you get your first boyfriend/girlfriend?
What do you wish you could unsee from the internet?
What are your opinions on (dating) individuals moving with their parents for the mutual financial benefits of one another, even if they're financially self sufficient and able to live on their own?
What are some youtubers with a soft voice?
What's really so bad about pet ferrets - why are they not more popular as pets?
What do you want but know you will never get?
What was a belief you were certain was right, but ended up changing your mind on?
Windows 10 users of Reddit, what is your opinion on upgrading to Windows 11?
Can you describe a show but wrong?
People of Reddit, what professions do you think would make the worst parents?
What are the best days?
When is it morally ok to accept a bribe?
What title would you give, to this chapter (now) of your life?
What would honestly make you happy?
What actually makes it easy for you to take a dump?
How do you all like your choccy milk? Warm or cold?
Women of Reddit, what’s something you’d trade your ability to have a full body orgasm for?
What thing was awful but could have been great with a little effort?
What is the proper way for a parent to brag about their child to create confidence without giving them a sense of entitlement?
What startups/companies/projects do you know that collect resources from private individuals for their products (aka use crowdsourcing) ?
What was the reason you got fired?
What mystery illness did you have that really should have been looked into further?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you cried?
Right now, at very the moment you’re reading this, what do you want most?
What would you say to someone struggling to believe in God?
In which moment did you realize that your life will never be the same again?
What fictional character (book or movie) did you get most attached to?
Where do rich people make rich friends?
What's an awesome experience you've had by just following your gut instead of your brain?
What do you do with the engagement ring if she says no!?
What secret will you take to the grave?
(Serious) What are/were you “Best In The World” at?
A movie studio has given you a blank check to remake any movie you want, the catch is Nick Cage has to be the lead; what movie are you making, and who else is in it?
What movie were you really hyped for, but was cringe af?
What was the dream about you dying that put you on edge for the rest of the day?
So what's your best "Tis but a scratch" moment?
What character or alter ego have you created for yourself, and how has it boosted your confidence in life?
What is the hardest thing to do ?
What are some things that have happened to you that no-one would believe happened if you told them?
What's the worst video game of this and last decade that was developed by an AAA company?
[serious] What are some weird things your SO does that you put up with?
Which place in the earth is like heaven?
What’s a TV series that felt complete when it ended?
What is the strangest thing you were served to eat when visiting a friend's house?
Peoples names who’ve become synonymous with something else (Karen, Alexa, Elon etc), is it annoying or do you brush it off?
What’s one movie you can safely claim that anyone with a tv has seen?
What will you never have again?
What are your best/worst college roommate stories?
What is the stupidestthing you've said to your teacher?
what is an impossible question?
What's something you were told was amazing and you 'had to try it' only to discover it's actually terrible?
What do you feel weird saying to your dog on walks but have to say it anyway?
What was the worst sequel to a movie ever made?
What is your favourite most ridiculous conspiracy theory ?
What age do you feel middle-age ends and old age begins?
What is your fart story?
Which female celebrity deserves the label of princess/queen of America and why?
According to your browser history, what are the last 3 websites you visited?
Who is the best work colleague competent but is unlikeable or somebody who is incompetent but likeable?
Catching fish is a hobby, profession and also matter of patience but what types material you like to use in catching fish??
Is what you do for a living something you thought you’d do for living when you were younger?
What is your best life advice and how did you learn it?
Why has God abandoned us?
What is the weirdest thing your parents have turned into a lecture?
What part of the day is your "4th Quarter"?
What would you consider a “place of emotion”?
What’s the worst kept secret in the world?
What's really so bad about living near a large farm (cowspigs etc). How would you describe it?
What's the last place in your home that you would think of cleaning?
What are some of your favorite Sub Reddit pages that you think are really under rated?
If you could have a HUD of stats about your body’s health, what things would you want displayed?
People who wear their masks below their nose, why do you do this?
What seemingly easy thing do you find difficult to do?
Recovering addicts and alcoholics of Reddit, what was your moment of clarity that lead you to sobriety?
How can you help a someone that has no self-confidence?
Which technologies are likely to die within the next decade?
What misspelled words or phrases bother you the most?
What are the pros and cons of technology that uses mouse and/or monkey stem cells to create sperm?
What are some examples of modern day propaganda? How has it changed since the World Wars?
Parents, when was a time your kid genuinely surprised you; be it an action/request/statement and what was it?
What band did you love one song from, but then came back and listened to the rest of their music?
What is your,"I am not a Karen, but I had to ask for the manager" moment?
What is a food that most people enjoy but you cant stand its taste?
Which subreddit is way newer than it should be?
Who is the most iconic horror movie villain?
What is the best anime on Netflix to watch when you are bored?
What should we debate about today?
Hey Reddit, when will we get a video player that doesn't suck?
Men and Women, what’s your worst story of getting rejected or rejecting someone else?
What fan theory fixes something in an otherwise good story?
How do you like your girl?
What is the hardest thing you have done even though you hated doing it?
What was the worst decade for fashion?
when you wake up, what comes up to your mind?
Where do you live and what time is it there?
What are your favourite myths throughout history and what are their origins?
What job do you think will be obsolete in the next 10 years?
What would be the worst thing to describe as “pillowy mounds”?
What statement is almost always true?
What seems illegal but is actually legal?
who was 'that kid' at your school?
You have one chance to play a song that is overwhelmingly viewed as a banger by your age group. What song do you pick?
What's your most current complaint?
What news source do you trust the most?
What is in your bucket list?
Women of Reddit, what’s the weirdest/nastiest thing someone has sent you in your DMs?
What’s the coolest thing you own?
What are you doing to smash the patriarchy?
What do you consider to be "authentic" pizza?
Divorcées of Reddit, what should single people keep in mind when choosing a partner?
What is your favourite video/meme?
What’re your favorite types of conversations?
People who practices magic, witchcraft and other things related to it, how does it works FOR YOU?
[Serious] What is the biggest sacrifice someone has made for you?
If aliens invaded earth, but were actually tourists, what would you show them first?
What would you do if you switched genders?
what are babies made out of?
Who was the dumbest "successful" person you met?
What film do you think everyone should see, just out of pure Bile Fascination?
If you were given the option with to choose any stand you want, Other people may also get one so your not the only one, What stand would you choose and how would you use or abuse this new power?
Computer people of Reddit, how much does the average 'tech-literate' consumer know about cybersecurity, and are there any misconceptions you'd like to clear up?
Adults of reddit, do you think your younger self is proud of what you've become?
What's the best halo game?
How have you been Rick rolled in the best way?
What's a cool website name for a literature geek?
What is the opposite of a duck?
How has the pandemic made a positive or negative impact on your marriage?
You can make any invention, but the first person to comment chooses a side effect, backfire, or malfunction. What do you make?
If you could change one thing about the English language, what would it be?
What's your least favorite thing about yourself?
What and when was the last full album you listen to?
What would happen if Amazon buys Netflix?
What's A Mistake You Learned The Hard Way That You Can Now Help Others Avoid?
What do you think about humanity? Should human exist?
What age would fellow Redditors refer to a man as an “Old” man?
Would sperm survive a journey from shower water to the vulva?
[Serious] Redditors, what is one thing you went through that caused you to never be the same again?
Why would you rather have bottled water instead of tap at a restaurant even though you know the food you are having is made using that same tap water?
People of Reddit what is the pettiest thing you got revenge on a neighbor for?
What is the superior streaming (TV, film, etc) service?
Dear Reddit: What song is incredible no matter who covers it?
What's something that you think is overpriced?
What is the most purchased product in the world each year?
How feasible is Water Suspension For recovery like in dragonball?
What is the most undervalued place you have been? What made it so awesome?
Those of you who deleted all your social media ( not Reddit obv) how has your life changed?
Lawyers and legal scholars of reddit, what decision by a higher court is the most ridiculous to you in terms of the merits of the arguments?
Whats the stupidest thing you ever bought online?
Who is the stranger you only met once, but still think about from time to time?
What is your best pickup line?
What do you wish your parents could've said/teach to you when you were young?
What sentence is both a complete but also an insult?
What helped you through your marriage ending?
What part of 2021 did not live up to your expectations?
What’s the most awkward question you’ve been asked at first date?
What places are the most fun?
When did your gut-feeling saved you?
What do you think is that one invention that the world needs the most right now ?
What Is your opinion about this Lautaro Hohmann phrase: "Is good that life have no Sense, because if would have it, life would have no sense'?
What are some lesser known idea generatimg methods?
what are some songs to check out :) ?
What is something a teacher said to you that you never forgot?
What age does the average guy/average Joe lose the ability to run foot races/sprint IYO?
What did you really want but experienced immediate buyer's remorse after its purchase?
What happened when you succeeded like a boss?
What major industry do you trust the least?
Mothers of Reddit, what could your partner have prepared or brought to better support you through labour and delivery?
What are your top 5 of anything?
with an unbiased opinion, who is running the music industry right now?
If we could post Events on Reddit like we can on Facebook, what would that look like?
What is your favourite?
What would be a great title for a talk show by the youth about science?
What was hyped up beyond belief and lived up to it?
What company is small right but will be huge in the next 5-10 years?
What are your experiences and advice with LSD?
Do cheap restaurants serve low quality food cuz the cooks dont know how to make good food, or is it cuz of the cost of better ingredients?
What pocket do you keep your phone in? If you don’t use pockets, where do you carry your phone?
What are your Top 5 things to say to a stranger to freak them out?
Which is the most terrible relationship you have heard of or experienced?
Does tap (shower) water really kill sperm outside of the body?
Why you have to go and make things so complicated?
What was the best year of the 2010s and why?
Someone wants you to pee your own pants in front of everyone for their own amusement, how would you respond?
What game, any game, would you like to teach a space alien how to play?
If you could choose a different national bird for your home country, what would it be and why?
What do people think have value, when it doesn't?
University students of reddit, how many incompetent professors have you dealt with /are currently dealing with?, and why do you think they're incompetent?
What is the one thing that you experienced or saw that made you realize that you were no longer a child?
What are the most ridiculous company policies you've encountered?
What's the opposite term for Lifehack?
What is something you wish you were told earlier in life?
What is a small thing that a customer at your job can do that makes your life much easier?
What is that one thing you want to buy, and you can afford, but you can’t find it anywhere or don’t know if it exists?
What's an actual case of gentrification that you lived through and experienced?
what is the stupidest reason you broke up with someone?
What is one thing you like but everyone else is repulsed by?
What's something that might not exist in ten years that you will miss when it's gone?
Pro-life and pro-abortion redditors. Why?
What was a time you made a friend through an online class, and how did things work out once the class was over?
Is there something which you want to do but can't do because of social restrictions?
What made you hate social media ?
What's your favorite animation movie you watched in your adulthood?
Non-boomers of Reddit, what’s the most boomer thing about you?
What was the most annoying thing you’ve ever seen an “attention whore” do?
What is song of early 2000s you want to recommend?
If names weren't like "John" or "Sarah" what would our names be like?
If we encounter alien civilizations that are really curious about our culture, which video, photo and pictures would you show them?
What’s a safe opinion you have that would trigger absolutely no one?
If you were an action figure, which 3 accessories would you come with?
Your best friend is cheating on their spouse. What (if anything) do you do?
How much land does a man need?
How people can get good grades and also work while they are in college?
If you could partake in any historical event, what would it be and why?
How long do you keep your leftovers in the fridge before eating it or throwing it away?
How do you deal with the fact that sometimes we are just not going to get along with our parents/siblings over things, and you just accept it and move on? Do you tell people or continue to hide that you secretly despise your immediate family?
At what age do you think celebrities tell their kids they are famous?
Which bad habit was holding you back and how did you overcome it?
If you had a coin for every time you did something, what do you do at the moment that would make you rich?
What's your favorite dish to cook and eat?
What 3 things would you miss most about the outside world if you were sentenced to life in prison?
What Song Isn't Meant To Be Sad But Makes You Sad Anyway?
What if you ruled the World?
You've come across someone who desperately needs a laugh. What's your go-to video/post/joke to make it happen?
What’s an interesting fact or story you know about WW2?
What would be a good subreddit for advice about a work related “situation”, or moral dilemma?
What is secretly weighing you down right now?
What is an objectively bad movie or tv show that you unironically like?
What thing did you never expect to become popular?
What is your favourite “who’s line is it anyway?” Sketch?
What is a music genre that doesn’t exist but should?
What is the cringiest thing YOU ever did?
What do you do after office?
What are your Top 5 things to do at home Alone?
Just like how we criticize 1800's medical practices, what current thing would be criticized in the future with a better understanding of the world?
How should we deal with the petite bourgeoisie after the communist revolution ?
If you could give your past self a message that has to be summed up in a single sentence, what would it be?
What are some sweetest things you would say to the person whose birthday is today but who is totally and completely alone and unhappy?
What's your go to name for games that let you decide?
With holidays coming, What Quality TV’s aren’t being covered in advertising on their Home Screen?
What is an example of real friendship?
Whats the funniest word someone used to describe themselves?
What looks hard to do, but really isn't?
What’s one conspiracy theory that you found interesting and that has some plausibility?
What are great examples of dumb or out-of-date laws?
Where do you want to go?
What’s a meal worth getting food poisoning for?
Redditors who quit their jobs and the company went under afterwards, what happened?
What is your least favorite personality type?
Cycle Breakers: What cycle have you successfully broken and how did you accomplish it?
What's the craziest conspiracy theory you've ever heard and actually believed?
what nationality is super idol 105C?
What’s something you wished you knew much sooner?
What is the difference between tickling and back scratching?
What was it that ruined your life that you never saw coming?
At what point did you come to the realisation that your childhood was over?
Stair master or elliptical? Trying to switch things up from running which one do you prefer?
What is the secret hangout spot in your town?
People who think that socialism is better than capitalism, why?
cant stop Jerking off and smoking at the same time, what the hell is wrong?
What are some good words?
Which song can you put on a loop and listen for hours ?
What is the best way to legally disappear ?
Who understands you better?
Why wasn't germany punished for ww2?
What is the best useless superpower?
[Serious] Students Who Had Sex With Teacher, What's The Story?
what have you done once and will never do again?
Gay people of reddit, what are some giveaways that someones gay that straight people dont pick up on?
Hopeless romantics or not, what's a romantic thing/s that's actually happened to you in real life?
What is your favorite video game character and why?
What is the Best Dirty limerick/Rhyme you know?
Whats a story in which you were the villain?
Need help with first portfolio. What was your first SQL project that you showed recruiters?
What was your first kiss?
What’s a film that tanked an actor’s career?
What Is a Video Game That You Wish Was Never Made?
What would you do if a family member went to a hotel resort or other travel destination and brought back hotel freebies like bath salts or soaps etc as gifts for you, as if they are thoughtful gifts?
What is something that is rare, but has happened to you multiple times?
What are the best NSFW accounts on Reddit?
What is the most heroic and true story you know?
What is the most unusual item in your kitchen right now?
What are you supposed to do with your tongue while making out with someone?
What’s your average weekly screen time?
More of a scenario than a question but, your countries government comes to you and asks you to change one law, what law do you change, how do you change it and why?
What’s the weirdest interaction you’ve had with someone?
which is the most active subreddit, and which one is the less active?
Unemployed redditors, why don’t you have a job?
What's the stupidest reason youve been voted out in amogus?
What opportunities are there for people with lots of spare time to make money online?
People of Reddit, what’s that one secret you’re absolutely determined to take to your grave?
What still needs to be invented that we might see in the next 25 years?
People who say "Ez" in video games or made fun of someone on the internet, what was going inside your head when you did it?
What "super power" do you have?
What is something that should be common knowledge but isn’t?
How did anxiety affect your emotions? Did it make you more empathetic?
What is the most interesting thing you did that makes you stand out different from your siblings that made your parents really proud of you?
People born after the 70s will live to see the depletion of fossil fuels. How does this make you feel?
What is one podcast channel/episode everyone should listen to?
It's about time we get decent conditioner for men! What the hell are we waiting for ?
If you adopted a child how did they find out and what was there reaction to finding out?
What music have you been into lately?
What subreddits auto-ban for posting in other subreddits and which ones will get you autobanned?
What song has the most chilling lyrics?
What was a moment when you "turned from Saul into Paul"?
What is your favourite/hated keyboard shortcut and in which application?
How would you retitle the last movie you have seen in the form of <character name> and the <noun phrase>?
What's a phrase that means something totally different in another language?
What was your favorite vacation /holiday location and why?
What question would always throw any conversation out of course?
What's the craziest Black Friday experience you've witnessed?
What would you do when your twin brother is f*cking a girl beside you in bed, while you are pretending to be asleep?
Oops your username became a superhero/villian what is its power?
In what ways has using reddit changed you?
What's the longest time which your home's heat or a/c didn't turn on, because the temperature was perfect?
Hello! What's the most philosophical thing you can think of?
What's more annoying, egotism or narcissism, and why?
What are the pros and cons of this 'woke' culture ?
how did you become part of the 97% ?
What is your secret fantasy?
[serious] How did you learn to start loving yourself?
Redditors, which characteristic is the most appealing to you when it comes to abandoned places?
What was the worst movie you ever see?
Why did you start smoking?
People who don't like reading books/novel, what do you find so repulsive about reading?
What is the weirdest/worst thing your pet has witnessed you do?
When did you realise you were ugly or that people found you unattractive?
Why are you afraid of death?
Parents of Reddit, what would be your reaction if your daughter ended up an Onlyfans thot and/or your son a furry?
If Sub-saharan Africa's borders were redrawn by the region's natives based on shared Culture, Ethnicity & Language instead of European Colonial Interests, what would the continent look like today?
People who have been in serious car crashes, what were your injuries?
What are the best ways to confuse people?
People who became parents in late teens/early 20s by mistake, what's your story? How did it change your life?
What line could have changed the course of an entire movie?
What happened after getting caught by parents while masturbating ?
What is a city that you really want to visit?
Hey! What’s something that’s unusual and should not be eaten but now it’s your habit and you have to eat it because you’re addicted to it?
How would you describe your favourite franchise without naming it?
People who took prozac or other SSRIs, how did it affect your sex life?
Your user name is how your arrested, what happened?
What are some fun games to play?
What do you think about Bernie Sander’s?
Millionaires of Reddit, how did you make your fortunes?
People who have cheated on their partner, why did you do it?
What is the creepiest subreddit, not in terms of content but in terms of the community that resides there?
Could a Monday to Friday 9-5 job be deemed outdated…why or why not?
Flat earthers of Reddit, do you sometimes argue with your fellow flat earthers? What are some things that you disagree with?
What new Amendment would you like to add to the US Constitution?
What would be the biggest change to twitter?
Which movies like Twilight where the director and actors are good but they have such unredeemable source material?
Dudes who go to the nail salon with their girls…why?
Which country as of present has the greatest cultural dominance in the world?
Which is the decision you regret the most?
Parents of toddlers/young kids, what feelings do you think you'd have if suddenly something happened to make your child stay their current age forever and never grow up?
What are the best ways to overcome anxiety when meeting new people?
As a child what shows were in your S tier?
What scary stuff happened to you?
What are the best ways to overcome an addiction?
What time is it in your country?
Parents of reddit, Did your young child ever walking in on you doing the deed with your SO, if so what did he/she say and what did you say?
What's your love language?
Revenge porn- how did you deal with it?
People over 45 that choose to remain childless, how did you deal or are you dealing with the fear of dying alone?
What is a Christmas gift idea to help save money or make a broke person's life all around easier?
What is your ideal job?
What was the ultimate “dog moment” from your dog?
What's a disturbing fact you wish you never knew?
People of Reddit, what never fails to cheer you up no matter how low you feel?
What's a mystery that you want solved before you die?
what song made you a fan of particular artist?
How much time do u spend on Reddit daily?
What's your story of killing something accidentally or intentionally ?
If there was a comedy movie about a group of teens what are some plot ideas you want to see in it?
How do you tell obese people they have a serious problem?
Which is the moment that never gets out of your mind?
What is the best DNA kit that provide the most comprehensive profile?
What do French people think of the American show Fancy Nancy?
What's an interesting facts about big brands the public don't know?
[Serious] What is your very niche want for porn that is rare to find?
What is something silly that makes you like someone?
What band/artist do you refuse to listen to purely for the fact that they are shitty people?
What year would you want a funny high school movie set in?
What’s a strange story from the Church of Scientology?
What food is impossible to ruin?
[Serious] What's something that happens and is not for 'the best'?
What's something you think people take way too seriously?
What is a line of thinking that stems from evolution and/or biology that is morally bankrupt?
Liberals of reddit, what was your reaction to Sanders being promoted to Colonel?
What are some of the best birthday parties you’ve been to?
Where to find urvashi rautela video by adit minocha where she came live with Logan Paul?
Everybody has success stories, what are your failure stories?
What's the weirdest youtube video you've come across?
What stopping you from travelling around the world?
What is something you believe to be true even though you can't prove it?
What’s one thing about your Country that defies its most prominent stereotypes?
If you woke up as the opposite sex what’s the first thing you do?
What simple task would be very difficult to do with only one hand?
What's the kindest company in the world?
What was your craziest "adrenaline" moment?
If every company had a theme song, what would it be, and why?
You can download your consciousness into a tv character and experience their life through the show. Who’s life would you want to experience?
Who is that one person (good or bad) that significantly impacts your life but you never met them ?
What was the dumbest thing your school ever did?
Cable was expensive, but at least it worked. Dish failed when it rained, streaming freezes and has other issues (roku youtube tv). What to do?
What are the best sentences for "what do you meme family edition"?
What is an amazing fact about the human body?
what is your earliest memory?
What past comment was made about you (good or bad) that sticks with you to this day?
What was your biggest fear when you were a child?
What's something that is legal but would make you look like a psychopath if you do it?
If orange is called orange, then why is lemon not called yellow?
Why are you proud of your country, and/or state, and/or city, or why not?
The United States is having a Christmas party for all the states with a white elephant gift exchange
Why would anyone read crime and punishment?
When did being nice end up being a real slap in the face?
What is the most desperate thing you've done for sex?
What is the most annoying thing you have ever done?
When and how did you tell them that you loved them?
Should more fantasy games have guns? Why or why not?
What would you like to argue about?
Have you ever given CPR? Did you know the victim? What happened?
What’s your favorite pre workout meal?
What's the world's nicest company and why?
[SERIOUS] Why are people so cynical and angry?
What is your occupation?
Why did you start using social media?
Type every word on your keyboard's commendation until it makes a sentence. What is it?
What water taste like?
Which is better, broccoli or cauliflower?
What items do you keep in your glove compartment, and does that include gloves?
Experts of Reddit, what's the biggest benefit/impact of Reddit you've seen/felt in your life vs. all the other social platforms?
If you had a button that would ‘delete’ the entire human population instantly, would you press it and why?
[Serious] Motorcyclists who stopped riding, what event in your life made you stop?
If one animal gained sentience and started to roam the streets at night in gangs, what would be the most terrifying/awesome animal?
What conspiracy theory would make you laugh if it actually turned out to be true?
Ladies with a Goop Jade Egg on their vaginas, what effects does it have on you?
Why do you feel your life sucks?
What thing you believe that happens only in your family?
Do you use your local public transit system? Why or why not?
What does rabbit eye pie taste like?
Which movie/tv-show had the worst CGI you have ever seen?
What do you want for Christmas/Hanukkah/Holiday Season?
What was your most popular question asked on Reddit?
What show/movie/game has absolutely the worst fandom?
What is the most baffling missing persons case?
Men of reddit, your penis becomes a faucet. What comes out when you turn it on?
What's your funniest experience with an ederly person?
What are some useful websites everyone should know about?
Could you build a nuclear reactor small enough to fit in a tank? Why or why not?
What are some songs where you actually prefer the clean version rather than the uncensored version?
What is the best Christmas song?
What was your most epic prank?
How did you receive your super powers?
What is your dream job?
Who is the nicest person you ever met?
Why can’t humans time travel anymore?
Who is the oldest Redditor?
Pokémon lovers! What’s you’re favourite Gen and why?
Hey!where did you and your best friend meet?
How would you react if aliens came to earth and said that they are removing signal barriers around solar system as they runed out of money they had from reality tv show they made filming us?
What is an 'outside your comfort zone' thing you have done that's has had a big impact on your life?
Who do you think deserves to win a noble prize nowadays?
What's a habit that you have that bothers others but still you can't let go of 😉 ?
Fuck answers, what are some of your favorite questions?
Surgeons of Reddit, how would you best describe the feeling of a particular human organ in your hands?
Whats the most lonely youve ever felt?
What is your most toxic experience with social media?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’re mum has ever said to you?
If there were no laws, what crime would you commit?
What song would you normally vibe to and play on loop even though you've heard it multiple times?
Mens of Reddit, you have to choose between drinking 5 liters of your own semen within a week, or drinking 20 ml of Jack Nicholson's semen, what do you choose and why?
What are some fun ways to host a birthday party without alcohol?
How long would it take for your pet to eat if you died and they could not go outside and they only had the food you left for them?
How often do you shower/bathe?
What was the most bullshit excuse you've ever heard?
Let’s say you died today, what would you regret not doing?
Men of reddit what are the things you look for in your female partner/girlfriend/spouse ?
What was the biggest scandal in your school?
What habits from the opposite gender turn you off the most?
What YouTuber or Twitch Streamer would you hookup the in a heartbeat?
How you feeling this morning?
Cashiers of Reddit who has been your worst customer?
What drugs would you take/consume if they weren't illegal and why?
Furries or reddit, how did you know you were a furry ?
Redditors of Reddit, what advice or insight would you give to a someone in a deep depressive episode and isn’t functioning?
What is your dream holiday destination?
What are you not looking forward to for Thanksgiving?
[Serious] What is your favorite part of your job and what is the least favorite thing about your job?
You get to tame and have a pet of any creature from the triassic period. what creature do you choose? and why?
Former Scientology followers of Reddit, what made you leave?
It’s the year 2030 and you’re throwing a “2020” themed New Years party, what are some must haves to commemorate the awfulness of that year?
Where should one go when they feel like exploring?
What’s the easiest way to meet friends in a foreign country?
Where is your favorite place to leave a fart?
if you were to have a new voice, what would it be?
In exactly three days you will die and there is nothing you can do to stop it. What will you do with your last three days?
Who knew what time it was when first clock was made?
(Serious)Veterans and serving of Reddit, what was the hardest thing you had to go through on the battle field?
What show or movie has really bad acting but is very well written?
What's one thing that was so unbelievable and virtually unsupportable, but when the truth came out everyone's opinions changed?
Women of Reddit what’s the most disgusting thing a man has said to you?
What's a time where someone was monkeying around in the system and caused a big problem?
what do you think about big mouth?
If you could rescue one discontinued game from the past, which game would you save?
If you were to compare dog breeds to ice cream, what flavor would represent each dog?
People who are NOT stressed and tired all the time, what do you do for a living?
What makes China interesting?
What does the internet not talk about?
How much pussy do you have to eat to stay healthy?
What was the dumbest reason you got punished for at school?
What are some cool online phone games for 2?
What is your favorite dream?
What’s the right way/time/place to watch porn when you live with your partner?
What’s a song from the 20th century that you’re amazed ever got popular or is considered a “classic”?
People who left their family and friends and moved across country, how did it go?
What is the biggest issue with modern christianity?
Fellows of Reddit, what’s your “female trait” you love to do or own about yourself?
What's a conspiracy theory that you 100% believe in and why?
what is the most illegal thing you've done?
Why some people deny existence of covid?
What was the last book to make you weep?
What do think of people who don't care about what others think and instead would do what they wouldn't want or would dislike from them?
What is the worst holiday and why?
If you could bitch slap anyone, dead or alive with no consequences, who would it be and why?
Which fictional character would be the most interesting or boring to meet irl ?
What is your favourite childhood game?
How is it to have a lot of allergies?
What is the sexiest act you can perform as a human?
What's more fun when you're bad at it?
What’s something you technically use the wrong way all the time but it just works better that way?
Which is a better card game, Yu Gi Oh or Pokémon?
What is the definition of laziness to you?
What's the best clothing brand 🤔?
What do you think of people who like and are obsessed with the police?
Why do you keep posting the same old questions every day?
What topic tends to start a family argument, apart from politics?
What works of fiction makes you believe the creator or author should be put in an insane asylum?
What’re the best places to get lunch in Philadelphia, PA?
Pet owners, what's the dumbest thing your pet has ever done, dumb even by their own standards?
Who is the most attractive celebrity (male and female) in your opinions?
Any room service staff that have "gotten lucky" with guests or is that just a porn thing? And whats your story?
If you had the net worth of Jeff Bezos, how would you spend your money?
Those who had planned to be a Toys "R" Us kid. How is that going for you?
What's something you would yell out during sex to scare the hell out of your partner?
If you could plan your final words, what would they be?
Best countries to immigrate to and why?
What subreddit are you surprised by most to exist?
What topic should Critikal cover next?
What does your concept of an ideal marriage look like? Or, is it simply an antiquated concept?
What is the worst school trip that you have ever experienced ?
What is the worst Game making company and why?
What advice would you give to a freshman law student before uni starts?
What subreddit surprisingly does NOT exist?
What is a good experience/interaction you have had with a police officer that you will always remember?
What about getting married and having children appeals to someone with Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD)?
What is the best quote from a TV series?
What was your “I don’t get paid enough for this sh*t” moment?
[serious] What do you do when you're a newly empty nester with your time?
People who moved to another country as kids, What was your biggest difficulty?
What's your ultimate move when your rage meter goes to maximum?
What is something that is now obvious but took you too long to realize?
What song has...just random name dropping?
What is like to live close to a timezone change?
What is just straight up boring?
To other choleric people: how do you try to control your emotions in social and non social situations?
Your username now is the name of a billion-dollar space company. When the first rocket launch happens, what name will be on the side of it?
What do you think of people who threatens to call the cops when someone in their house is simply shouting?
What are some cool online games for 2?
What are some simple but useful computer tips that very few people know about?
What's the weirdest name you have saved someone's contact with? And why?
What brands and stores are you avoiding this Black Friday?
Chinese students studying in the West: What is the experience like? What could be different?
Whats the wierdest thing you've seen while being in a group of people that only you noticed and others didnt?
Funeral Vultures and Competitive Grieving: What's the most outrageous thing a relative did at a funeral after the death of another relative, or when it came to the disposal of their property?
If you had absolutely no choice other than to kill a person or group, which person or group would you kill?
What's the most important lesson you learned from your last relationship?
How do you handle an encounter at a grocery store with a person who is coughing and sneezing and not wearing a mask?
What are some good mind fuck movies to watch?
What are your thoughts on the housing market, is it going to crash?
What's the loneliest you've ever felt?
What's the worst thing that has happened to you, and how did you make it through?
What's you favourite tank?
What’s the worst part about Reddit?
What movie is your favourite and you don't want others to criticize it?
You get your crush to go out with you on a date. Where are you taking her and what are you doing?
[Serious] What do you think the United States would be like today if the colonists had found a way to live peacefully alongside Native Americans?
what makes a fictional story REALLY good?
If you get a superpower for 10 seconds where you can create/destroy/change anything and everything. What would you do and why?
What did your parent (parents) do that made you realize they were total idiots?
Wtf Reddit, why to load only one comment under post?
Hey Reddit, what nonsexual sensation do you find has no business feeling as good as it does?
What's something people say is good, but just wasn't to you'?
What is the world's best company and why?
What is your country’s traditional food?
How do you change the rules?
Who would play you in a movie?
What suit is Ludwig Dieter wearing in the Army of thieves. The cafe scene before going to work?
What food item/s did you grow to love?
What it's to be a sexually attractive girl in school?
what is the way to deal with work place culture of favoritism, and etc. while it is a dream job, and it happened after decades of training, and it is the only life stimulus?
What faithful decision has impacted your life for the next years to come?
what to do in life to be happy?
What's the closest thing to a supernatural phenomenon you have seen or experienced in your life?
Would you bathe in your wife's scat why or why not?
What’s a special thing about your country?
What are some of your life hardships?
People who went through divorce what did you learn and what do you want to say to people who are going through one now?
What is the most terrible thing that is legal?
In this world of 7.35 billion people why some people are destined to be forever alone ?
What good song goes on for too long?
When did you first suck a dick?
At what point did you realise that your family wasn't normal?
if you could go back in time and change something in your life, what would you change?
What are y’all wishing for Christmas?
If you could go back in time, what would you do?
Bodybuilders, heavy lifters, or just really strong muscular people of reddit, what was the weirdest thing that happened at the gym?
For a full day all tv broadcasts globally shift to display an insanely difficult math problem titled "Solve this in 5 years, or you are deemed unintelligent and fit for destruction." What happens next?
What can Star Wars movies borrow from popular franchises to be successful again, and what should it avoid?
What is a subject or topic that everyone seems to have an opinion on?
Religious people of Reddit,if you found proof that undoubtedly god doesn’t exist, would you release it to the public yes or no and why?
What are some common misconceptions about your illness (mental or physical)?
What do you find unacceptable but that most people are fine with?
What's a smart investment right now?
What job deserves a lot more respect?
What is a brand with great colour schemes?
What “saying” do people use incorrectly? Or has changed from the original over time to mean something totally different?
What are some good movies that'll make you cry?
Which language you want to learn? And why?
If you were in the book you are reading now, where would you be and what would you do?
How do you stop missing someone?
If you met a 5 year old younger version of yourself , what would you tell yourself ?
What did you say or do that made you go “wtf why are you the way you are” about yourself?
Apple users of reddit, what do you have that android users don't have?
Dealers of reddit, why do you say 20 mins when you really mean 2 hours?
When do you “win” in life?
What was the most important decision in your life? Why?
What's something you will always judge someone for?
What is the best revenge in life?
what's a bad habit that you're unwilling to change, and why?
How would you react to learning that your bite is in fact poisonous to other people?
Alabamers, what do you say about your stereotype?
The Answer is 'Hell no', what is the question?
Which city/town/village in the United States is the most underrated?
How would you rank the following in importance: Family, Career, Love life?
If you were to make something, but all you had was one apple, one pineapple, and two pens, what would you make?
Is it hard to find a job in a new city? How did you achieve that?
What’s your neighbor up to?
How scary is Midnight Mass?
What are the consequences of not learning German?
how would you describe yourself?
Dear Introverts, what's the meanest thing that a friend has said to you?
[Serious] People who own NFTs, why?
Your name suddenly is something you are allergic to.What is it?
What did the weird kid at your school do to secure his/her place as the weird kid?
The best way to get better at something is to practice. How do you pace your practice and prevent burnout?
What other movies that can be perfectly synced to New Year's countdown other than the Avenger's Snap Scene?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done in your school?
Those who say they’ll check out music/show/anything suggested from a friend but never actually do, why?
Whats a website to kill time?
does the black moon howl?
What influenced your decision on not having any kids or not having anymore kids?
What if the world is backwards and God is really the devil and the way to salvation and heaven is through sinning? Watchu gonna do now?
How is the American Revolutionary War framed and taught to kids in Britain/UK?
Apart from fear of rejection. What other reason do you have that keeps you away from confessing to someone you like?
Which Season Would You Want To Have Forever?
What if a person pooped while going backwards in time in TENET ?
Redditors who think everything happens for a reason, what is the reason that everything happens?
What is something you'd like to be appreciated for today?
What is this Nonstop Nut November everybody is doing these days?
What's a movement or era that ended because of a single event or catastrophe?
Women of Reddit, how do you respond when people on reddit assume you’re a man?
People of reddit, what is your awkward "That is not what I meant" moment ?
Which Guys are more attractive, fair skin guys or dark skin guys?
(serious) When was the last time you feared for your life?
What song have you been obsessing over by an artist/band that you don't care much for?
In scientific terms What/Whom destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah?
How's your life going so far?
Lesbian/gay folks of reddit, how do you feel about dating bi people?
What’s your biggest success in 2021?
If you could swap your life with any living person in this world, whom would you chose and why?
How do you make a Woman orgasm only with the mouth?
What’s probably the first time and the last time you ever saw something?
How would you encourage or cheer up people who suffer climate-anxiety?
Bi people of reddit, how do you feel about dating lesbian / gay folks?
How can one become wealthy in a short amount of time?
What's the best berry?
Food workers of Reddit, what is the worst thing you have done or seen somebody do to somebody's food?
In the US when you call 911 for medical help a fire-crew arrives instead of an ambulance. Why?
How can Amazon get away with having a giant phallus as their logo?
What is the most purple thing in existence?
Who do you regret not seeing in concert?
People of reddit, can humans survive with out any ind of government? Why or why not? And what would be your description of a perfect government?
Add "Harry Potter and" to the last thing you searched. what is the phrase?
What is the worst thing about your favourite subreddit?
What's a brand you're loyal to, and why?
What was the best that happened to you?
How long into a relationship before you told s/o you needed to poop?
Redditors, when is one time that you met an entitled or spoiled kid?
Guys of Reddit, How much have you noticed the state of your dental hygiene decline since your teen years?
Which fictional places (out of books, movies, TV shows etc.) do you love?
What are some life pro-tips for the under 10?
How do you discover new music to add them to your playlist?
Smokers of reddit.why do you smoke?
What's a flavor of candy that never actually tastes like the real thing?
Which videogame character was made unintentionally thick?
What instance made you completely change direction in life?
If you could go back in time and change the direction of your life, when would it be and why?
What changed after you started therapy?
What's the worst thing about Reddit?
If you accidentally swallowed an air pod what song would you play as it came out?
Redditors who faked it till they maked it, what exactly did you make?
If you could put any object in a time capsule to go BACK in time 3000 years, what would you send, where would you put it, and why?
What is the best country for your opinion?
What are some stupid questions?
If you could create a new world and you will be god , which thing you don't want to add in that world which is present in Earth ?
What is one thing that is overhyped?
How did you manage to put your life together the way you wanted it to be?
How do you come back from someone saying the excuse,”but if it was you…”?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is the strangest Will you have dealt with?
Have you ever been driving a car and wondered what it would be like to crash it into a wall suddenly while driving down the street?
Gals of Reddit, what's your version of "I fucked your mom"?
What local or international band/singer you wished people would listen to more?
Have you almost died, and if yes, how?
To the well adjusted Redditors out there, what did your parents do right?
How are you Reddit?
Which videogame character who is a "normal human" is the strongest if their feats abilities and in game events are taken at face value and which is the weakest?
What is the best way to poop, with music in background or in silence?
What’s the most wholesome thing your family does around each other?
Which drugs are improved with alcohol despite instructions warning against it?
Dear Americans, why do you turn everything into a political debate?
What was your closest run-in with the law?
As an Introvert, How do you manage to know better someone you like?
What will it take to end our reliance on fossil fuels?
What nonviolent/nonsexual scene from a movie or show shocked you the most?
What set of skill and knowledge if someone wants to be a network engineer and its security?
Men of Reddit, what are the tiny subtle things Girls/women do, that Guys absolutely love/find attractive but girls don't know about?
DJ's what exactly are you doing turning the knobs and sliders?
How WFH changed your life?
What are you an expert in?
If God did a AMA what would your question be?
If you were to inhale helium, what normal phrase would become inappropriate in a helium voice?
Have you been to the DARKNET? What did you see there?
You've been brought to a squid games like place, there are thousand other players, plus all you're friends, and families? What is something you would do while playing?
3.14, 666, 11:34, 9/11, 23, etc. Which number has to most impact, nostalgia, or meaningful effect on you?
[serious] Your wish comes true but is cost your life, what would you be willing to die for?
When is the best time to buy new stuff? During times as black friday or after?
What are the things you can do only when you are young?
Are you as a human being interested in the process of typography? What’s your favourite section of type design?
What Disney movie should be watched immediately?
Which works of fiction will the current year always be compared to?
What's something you wish people would quit saying on their dating profiles?
How would you go about making friends with someone who absolutely hates everyone including you?
How different would the world be if humans had tails like monkeys?
How does it feel like to have drugs?
Hi Reddit, What's the best advice for someone who is going to live alone for the next 4 years in a completely different city?
What would you want to improve on yourself and how are you going to go about it?
Scrambled or sunny eggs which one do you like and why?
We’ve all heard about red flags in relationships, but what are some examples of green flags?
Females of Reddit , What do hate about being a woman?
Which muscles do women find most attractive in the male body?
(For Research, will credit you.) Non-nationals who left their hometown and moved to a different country, what is the best thing about the country you're in right now?
What’s the weirdest thing from a tv show or cartoon that could work in real life?
Artists of Reddit, what are you drawing?
If a friend stays over at your house and accidentally shats the bed, what is your advice going to be to them?
What's the most reckless thing you've done out of boredom?
NSFW Okay so we all know there's at least one creepy person in the family, so who is your creepy relative and what's your story?
What's the best compliment you've ever received?
What advice would you give to someone in high school?
Why should we believe you?
In your opinion why is Facebook and YouTube becoming increasingly self centered, and less concerned with their user's happiness?
What is one secret you keep from your spouse or partner that you will carry to the grave?
Depressed people of Reddit or former depressed people of Reddit, what do you do to occupy your time when you want to recover from the struggles of mental health but have no desire to live?
if you are Elon musk, how do you start your day?
Who sings in The Beatles song “Here, There and Everywhere”? Is it John Lennon or Paul McCartney?
Bullies of reddit what's the least worst thing the kid's parents called you?
Journalists of Reddit, what is your response to the accusation that journalists are guilty of the increased polarization and partisanship in society?
What’s a cringey text conversation you have saved from at least 2+ years?
Clone Troopers of reddit, where were you reassigned after order 66?
People of Reddit, how many ‘clean’ smokes do you find in the trash?
When did you start liking your wife's shit?
What is your favorite zombie game?
What do you think is the best ways to avoid eternal damnation in hell?
What are some good secret santa gifts under 5$?
What do you regret not doing in your teenage years or in your 20s? and why?
What book/s do you find yourself reading multiple times?
What actor played the best James Bond character?
How can you tell a genuine person from a fake one?
What are your life rules?
If you had to wear one outfit for the rest of your life what would it be, assuming the weather doesn’t affect your outfit?
Which online news organizations do you enjoy reading? And which ones would you stay away from for whatever reasons (biased, clickbait, etc)?
If people were required to rotate through working or shadowing several entry-level jobs (different professions) for a year before attending college, much like certain subjects are required to graduate high school, which professions would be part of the “core” requirement?
Humor is a dish best served out of the blue. What are some non comedy movies that are fucking hilarious?
What was the most memorable moment in any video game, good or bad?
What is the most absurd college mascot you know of?
Pizza or burger, which one do you like more?
If you were in which book do you read, where would you chilling now?
What's your real-life super power (incredible memory, math, intuition, etc.) and what does it feel like to be "different" with regards to it?
Whats a neat skill that you can learn in 30 days?
LGBT people, what do you think of your sexuality?
What was the most 'High school movie' thing that happened to you?
What is the weirdest thing you did in your dream?
How would it have been different if the movement had been Octopi Wall Street?
Men of Reddit with long hair, do you have it down or tie it, and why?
What are your plans for this Christmas?
What common sayings have you heard most hilariously misstated?
If the world was a movie, what would you choose as it's ending/credits song?
What is the most f*cked up conversation you have heard?
What's the craziest thing you have seen?
What will you always believe?
What are some ways creative writers can make money without writing a book?
Who's your least favourite billionaire?
Americans of Reddit, which lesser known National Park (any unit type) is totally underestimated?
What is the best video game music you've ever heard?
What would you buy with a 200$ Amazon gift coupon?
What’s the most relatable song that describes you that you can find?
What was the most awkward time somebody didn’t get your joke?
Which are the best Youtube channels on any toipic of your choice and which you swear by?
What singer’s voice never fails to make you change the song?
How has someone you have trusted in the past, betrayed you?
What would you eat if you had to eat 2000 calories as fast as possible?
All morals have been thrown out of the window you can get any number of humans you want and do whatever you want with them, what would you do?
Parents who chose to have only one child, do you regret your decision? Why/why not?
What is a interesting psychological fact?
What’s the most ridiculous lie you’ve told that was actually believed?
Builders, plumbers, roofers, electricians of Reddit. What do you want us, your customers, to stop doing?
Do you think you're a good person? Why or why not?
[serious] What's the weirdest stuff you've ever been a witness of?
What is funny story or memory you comfortable sharing?
What is the most underrated invention?
What are some Ideas to distract one’s self on a Sunday afternoon from the neighbours' screaming kids?
Which soundtrack still gives you chill everytime you hear it?
All the anime characters are at a party, what are they doing and who?
Which is heavier: a pound of feathers or a pound of steel? What other questions like this can be asked to teach a teenager to think before answering?
People who have had a chaotic life for way too long , how did you find peace in life?
Guys: Whats a guilty pleasure song that you love but would never play with the boys?
Who is enjoying thanksgiving alone, and what are your plans?
People who experience almost dying, what did it feel like?
Which do you think is the most discriminated "group of people"?
Students who are suffering from ADHD, what's your method of study ?
Bald men and women of Reddit, how does it feel to have a perfect head?
What are some car modifications that you don’t have to declare to your insurance?
Who's your favourite actor/actress?
What kids cartoons/tv shows do you find hilarious/interesting as an adult?
Red Bull makes drinks AND F1 cars. Yamaha makes pianos AND motorbikes. What other companies make bizarrely contrasting products?
What's your weirdest fear?
What’s the best movie trailer you have ever seen?
What is the Weirdest thing ever that turned you on?
What are some idiotic ways that other people look at things?
What is your best case of "You don't always get what you want"?
What is the most cursed thing you have seen on youtube?
When did you think free actually meant free but ended up costing you dearly in the end?
What was the most disturbing dream you have never had?
For those who are dating people with OnlyFans accounts, what is it like?
[Serious] When you go out and see people, are there more people of color than white people and do you think there are too much or to little people of color?
Someone you robbed chases you in their car and smashes into you then shooting you. What goes through your mind living the last few minutes of your life?
People of Reddit, how did you sleep?
To you, what does it mean to be a good listener? What do you appreciate from people you know are active listening?
What is a good song that gets ruined by the lyrics?
Whats an app that allows you to put money onto it so you don’t spend it?
What's your favorite song and why?
In the unlikely event that you created a grey goo that is slowly but ever faster converting all matter it comes into contact with into more of itself, what is the advised angle of defense against the inevitable health and safety lawsuits against your lab?
What’s the most life changing thing you can do for 1💲?
Who was a one hit wonder never heard from again who actually had a lot of other good stuff?
What fact about you does nobody believe?
What's the scariest incident you've ever encountered which can legit strike fear in other people's hearts?
What should people watch during their meal ?
[Serious]People of reddit who, had a near death experience? Did it hurt to almost die, or what is something you felt about you're experience?
Tips on how to take not-so-logical quizzes?
What is the craziest “things you do for love” moment you’ve ever witnessed or experienced?
What's your favorite place to sleep that isn't your bed?
What jobs or careers are only possible due to the natural talents a person is born with?
People who donate large amount of money to female streamer, what is she supposed to say you would be satisfied with?
What is the worst gift you've had for Christmas?
How do you trigger robo calls?
Which constitutional amendment - excluding the 2nd - would you repeal ?
What is the most Discreet way to spread someone's ashes in a popular place?
What is the stupidest thing to get arrested for?
To all the people out there struggling with a distant relationship. How you manage it to maintain it?
To those who post nudes with their face visible in the image, are you ever afraid you might be recognized? If not, why?
What is your favourite Spider-Man moment?
What is an obscure browser game that is actually enjoyable?
What channel is “Charlie Brown Thanksgiving” on at 2:00?
How can you tell if someone is a good kisser or if a kiss is a good kiss?
When someone goes in the bathroom after you, do you panic wonder if you remembered to flush?
What’s a question you wish someone would ask you?
Which law should there be edited and why?
Who's the dumbest person you've ever met?
People who have worked at a ‘sex shop’, what is your weirdest story?
What was your greatest fear as a kid but doesn’t scare you anymore?
What actor was a bad fit and ruined the role?
What is the best way to kill an hour without consuming media or socialising?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever come across on reddit?
People of Reddit, if you're at a party where the energy is low, what song do you put on to get everyone pumped up?
Why this sub have so many questions related with sex instead of thought provoking questions?
What is a fun fact or secret in the field you work in?
If the whole world turned into an anime, what would you do?
What do you think truly makes somebody a bad person?
How Old Were You When Your Parent's Discussed Racism With You?
For those of us growing up poor, what did you see as a luxury?
For any GIRLS that have never watched porn, why don't you or why haven't you tried?
[NSFW] People who work/worked at places popular with celebrities, what are your best and worst celebrity stories?
Whats one thing more annoying that Reddit’s Video Player?
So why don’t the clothes of the vampires reflect?
You have to send a declaration of war to a last person you talked to. Who is it and what is the outcome?
Reddit, what is the cutest animal in the world?
[Serious] What time do you think is most appropriate hour to sleep?
What's actually an important thing in life that everyone neglects ?
What Are Some Youtube Channels or Websites That Give Free Access To College Level Lectures And The Like?
What is the leading factor towards your morning routine?
What does a creative director actually do?
What makes fun in your opinion dangerous?
What’s tge Current Song/songs you are playing on repeat?
People who met their heroes what was it like?
What hobbies do you have from just a simple purchase on Amazon?
who shouldn't get nearly as much credit as they do?
Which country you can look like pig but it doesn't matter?
What acclaimed performance by an actor do you hate and/or think is overrated?
Which movie scene actually stresses you out?
Those of you that have been in an office romance ,how was it after breaking up ?
Employees of stores who "celebrate" Black Friday, what's the craziest thing you've seen?
What’s a product you want, but nobody sells? Why isn’t it available?
Those who post buyer beware ads on Craigslist, why, (not trying to be rude, just cirious)?
You’re given an old skeleton key that unlocks a chest with $5,000,000 in it. You have 30 minutes to hide it in your house before a swat team and crime scene investigators come to your house to search for it. They have 1 hour to find, if they don’t you get the chest. Where do you hide the key?
People who suddenly became rich, what changed in your life?
What is a physical trait of your parents that passed only on you and not on your siblings?
What thing did you experience that you loved so much but wouldn't want to do again?
What commercial are you sick of seeing?
Whatever you last drew is what kills you. How are you dying?
Women and girls who have been the victims of men, what is your story?
What’s your unapologetic favorite favorite fast food spots?
What movie, series, anime etc. in your opinion had a rushed ending?
If corporations had honest slogans, what would they be?
What is that one thing you hate about the celebrity you adore?
What game that seems to have an infinite lifespan?
What's the most embarrassing moment of your life ?
How did you meet your wife?
Which singer saved you during your worst moment?
If Reddit were to change its name, what would it be?
What are the chances Alec Baldwin gets away with murder like Kyle Rittenhouse?
Whats your biggest desire?
What is something you regret not having done in your 20's?
Non-Americans of Reddit, when is it socially acceptable to start celebrating the Christmas season in your country? Do you think it should be sooner or later?
Has anybody some screenshots of trumps twitter posts where he insulted mexico or mexican immigrants?
What’s your strangest home delivery experience?
Redditors who made lifelong friends on Reddit, what's the story behind your friendship?
What is a common but mostly unrecognized manifestation of anti-intellectualism?
What small thing can one do to look like a psychopath?
What was the most important thing that you lost?
What's the most fearless act you've ever witnessed?
What are some easy ways of taking ibuprofen for adults other than pill form?
How would you convince your best friend that they are not receiving fashion advice from the spirit of Spinoza?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what "sketchy" thing did you take a chance on that ended up working out?
How would you describe your most favorite teacher?
What's something that isn't considered cheating but should be?
Lucid dreamers on reddit, What do you usually do when lucid dreaming?
How long would it take to lick a tattoo off?
what is your only memory you wish to forget?
What was the weirdest way you make a friend?
What life lesson did you learn the hard way?
What was that one joke you said in a group where no one laughed except for you?
What’s the worst nickname you got and how did you get it?
Users of Reddit who have been ghosted in a relationship, how long was your relationship and how long did it take you to recover?
What movie/comic villain actually won in the end?
How did you find out that your wife was giving the bartender with the STD oral sex?
You have the chance to start your life over at first grade with all your current intellect, knowledge, and memories, knowing that the people, pets, and possessions in your life might not be there this time. Would you take it and why?
What was the most exciting thing to you when you were are kid and still is now?
What is the reason that you haven’t asked your crush out yet?
What's your favorite example of the butterfly effect?
Would you Starve yourself to impress someone else? Why or why not?
(Serious) Elder millenials, what's something about growing up in the 80s and 90s that Gen-Z will never experience?
If America is no longer considered the "greatest country in the world", then which country is the greatest, and why?
Men/women who sexually assault other people either intentionally or unintentionally, whats your story?
[NSFW] Where do you smash if your place isnt an option?
We woke up early so we could go to vocation behind time, though right when we are prepared and ready to leave our cat flew out of the door. This is normal, but don’t know and can’t get her inside. She’s maybe somewhere 1-5 houses away rn. How attract a cat to come inside immediately?
What's something you're proud to have never done?
What's the nastiest thing you have done for revenge?
People of reddit, what is the thing that made you hate your religion and and made you an atheist?
[Serious] People say you shouldn't enjoy other people's suffering
What’s something you wish everyone understood?
What are your delayed plans for an outing with your friends?
If you could be born again with all the knowledge and memories you have now, how would you do things differently?
What’s your worst Thanksgiving dinner story?
Your girlfriend reveals she is a superhero and breaks up with you because she does not want to put you in danger. What do you do?
Tourists of Reddit, where’s the most underrated place you’ve traveled?
What product or service have you strictly been boycotting, refused to spend not even a penny on it?
Who's the most famous person that blocked you on social media?
What’s your net worth?
What are your thoughts on the Kyle Rittenhouse trial results?
What was the most weirdest thing that happend to you?
What is the best Marvel movie?
What’s the creepiest thing you’ve ever done in the name of love?
What are the risks of AI ?
who is giving their dog CBD's? Why?
Why do you or do you not smoke weed??
What’s a name that will always be ruined for you?
You have the money and eligibility to move anywhere in the world, where and why?
Redditors who loved and lost , how are you doing ?
What movie(s) have you gotten up and left the theatre before it was over and why?
People who like bad movies, Why?
How do you dry off after a shower?
When was the last time you flew on a plane?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve witnessed somebody else do?
What made you realize life is worth living for?
What's one thing you're glad you failed at?
Men accused of being creepy by a female
How did it feel to have your heart broken for the first time?
People who went to religious schools, was the Sex-Ed really as bad as people say?
What is the wrongest way you've seen someone eat their food?
What is your opinion on the rittenhouse verdict?
What is your favourite quote from books or movies?
[serious] Do you think more people would be for or against trillion dollar spending bills if they had actually read the bills themselves? Why or why not?
People Who Expected The Worst And The Opposite Happend. How Did It Go?
What would you do/change if you become President of your Country for a day?
Which is more likely to take over AI or robots?
What TV show would make a good movie?
"No good deed goes unpunished". How has this proven true in your life?
Those who get no more than 5 hours of sleep if any sleep at all, how often do you wonder that you're still sane? What keeps you up at night?
What just screams "this askreddit question is going to suck"?
What's something you can normally say in a music record studio but not in an hospital?
What's a weird or funny subreddit you enjoy?
If 50 of something costs 11.90, how much would 1 cost?
What's your dream and what do you do when you feel demotivated?
Do you believe in self made millionaires/billionaires considering all humans are created by 2 other humans having sex? So no one is truly self made? Why or why not?
What is your biggest "Weird Flex but okay.." you have experienced?
People who talk to the dead, what do they tell you?
What things you're missing the most, about the life before marriage, after getting married?
Who is your favorite young actor?
What was going through the mind of the first woman to ever give birth?
Which is the best sub to find ways to be more ecological, planet friendly?
What is the most worthiest thing to pay for it?
Which movie you wished had an hour more than its actual runtime?
What is something that should be taught in schools but isn’t?
What's the silliest thing you've bought online while drinking/drunk?
Which anime character best describes you?
Who is the “R2-D2” of your favorite movie or series?
What benefits do chipmunks bring to a residential neighborhood?
Which celebrity or famous figure does everyone else hate, that you secretly support or admire?
What about dating do you wish you knew earlier?
What theories have left you sleepless at night?
What is the Difference between myd82d/a and myda2d/a MacBook Pro M1 13 256 GB?
Which song makes you happy every time you hear it?
How bad is it to have never been for a physical before?
What’s the meanest thing a child has said to you?
How do you know if you feel guilty, or remourseful for something? How do you know if you feel enough for the situation?
What’s something you ignored that got completely worse?
What are some good songs that don’t mention anything romantic?
What is cpa marketing?
What makes a guy sexy / attractive?
If you could move to any country, where would you go and why?
What are some ways to overcome insomnia?
People who have gone to school in Finland, what were the problems and flaws that you aren’t publicly displayed?
What’s the most stupid reason you got into an argument?
What are interior things every car must have?
How can security companies make a list of most common passwords in the world while they can't read users' passwords directly?
Why would you stiff a valet?
What's your side of the story?
To all Minecraft players: Which closed server do you miss the most?
What movie had a twist ending you never saw coming?
What’s the one thing your parent(s) taught you that you will be forever grateful for?
What is your useless secret talent?
What‘s a movie line or dialogue that never fails to make you laugh?
[serious] What's a tip that most people don't know about?
What is your most desired euphoria?
What would today's military helicopter music be?
What is the worst thing you saw/did as a kid?
What do you want for your country??
If you could choose any filling for an easter egg, what would it be?
If you follow other people on Reddit, why?
Whats the most used line of your parents when scolding you when were a child?
Who is that someone that changed your life?
What is an R Rated movie that, without any change at all, could be made PG13?
What do you think will your last words will be?
While cruising down the street on Google map street view what do you do when you come upon cars waiting at a traffic light?
How come Nobody can Convincingly argue FOR Antinatalism?
What conspiracy theory seems true the more you look into it?
What's a memorable experience you've had while high?
Has there ever been anything similar to the Midnightclub (Street racing club in Japan) anywhere in history anywhere in the world?
What are some 'After breakup' songs you'd highly recommend?
What is a song that is very much loved by many, but you hate?
What's the scariest movie you have ever seen?
If/When all jobs are replaced by friendly robots in the future, What do you think the humans will be doing ?
What is a great movie with the most bizarre plot?
What is something you never tell someone cuz you are afraid you would hurt his/her feelings?
what’s something you hate people do the first time they see you?
What is the most useful language?
What's the biggest 'comeback moment' that you experience in your life?
People who don’t like/not interested in Kpop, what’s your reasons?
What is the most illegal and thing you did and got away with?
What's the best prank you've done in high school?
One-shot writers of reddit, what are the weirdest one-shot requests have you received?
Which artist or band did not live up to your expectations when you saw them live in concert?
You get to have your own private zoo. What species would you keep and why?
what’s one still or hobby that can change your life if you learnt it earlier?
What’s your best/worst retail horror story?
What would be an innovating way or technology to improve our cinematographic immersion ?
What do you think of people who don't care about what people think?
What do you think of shipping? Endorsing romantic paring that is not canon?
What's the most unusual way to unfreeze chicken as soon as possible?
People who have had threesome with their brother/sister in law, how much do you recommend it to other people?
What songs lyrics deserve a re-write?
Is there an app which combines the features of GoodReads and Letterboxd?
What do you want your obituary to say?
What's the best audiobook you've listened to?
When a woman has diarrhea, does she have to fear the liquid stool getting close to her private parts or do they not care like guys?
Are you a fan of musicals—why or why not?
Who is one actor who can never be replaced in a movie?
How did you meet your best friend?
What's your "head push" story?
What is the male equivalent of a “Karen”?
What can we do to make airlines more accountable for constant delays?
What actually genuinely scares you about Australia?
What is a movie that doesn't really match its own title?
Oh the book “Ready Player One”, the oasis is a massive virtual world. “People come to The Oasis for all the things they can do, but they stay because of all the things they can be” where would you go? What would you be?
You can put a Golden Retriever at any single point of history. What changes?
What’s something you swore you’d never do but ended up doing?
All the Karens unite and form the Kool Karen Klub. what happens next?
What is something that you were extremely excited for, only to be disappointed by it afterwards?
What's one of the best opening to a book that you've ever read?
Dear magical creatures hiding in plain sight... what was your day like?
Food Debate: What is supposedly best home made, but honestly, you think store bought is better?
You have a choice to be a random side character in any book series, movie, or show of your choice for 5 minutes. How does the story change?
What is something in your appearance that you used to be self-conscious about but now you are not?
What is the "Ignore the Check Engine Light" of the Human Body?
What was the best live gig (any genre) of all time?
What are they ways one can avoid getting into stupid fights?
What’s your grossest habit?
What's something that you really want, but know that you can never have it?
When a woman goes swimming and the water gets into her vagina/uterus and she gets out of the water, how does the water leave her body?
What's is your favorite song from TobyMac?
With the Marvel Universe getting people into comics, what are some non-American comics people should check out?
What is that one Movie or TV Show that is considered a mistake but you enjoy?
Redditors, why do you think Pinky and The Brain want to rule the universe exactly?
Why do you like your favorite hobby?
When you have diarrhea and the toilet gets dirty, do you clean it and if yes, how?
What is your favorite meme template?
Just watched a video of a cop begging for her life and her partner killed the suspect and wanted to ask.. What happens to a cop if they discharge a firearm killing someone for self defense or defense of others?
What's your fantasy foursome?
Police officer of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen on duty?
What, if anything, made you question reality?
What’s something you’re embarrassed to admit but is pretty normal?
You know it’s Christmas when Coca-Cola Christmas ads start. But it’s not even thanksgiving yet? Why?
What's the deal with airline food?
What's the worst thing you can say to a doctor during an argument?
What does your perfect day look like?
If USA banned guns 30 years ago what differences would we see in U.S society today ?
What are you thinking about?
What is the best pet to have?
Men who have been abused by other men, what’s your story?
What is your crazy roommate story?
People who cheat in fps games, what is life with a micropenis like?
Your mom says “we need to talk.” What’s your first thought?
What's your favorite children's show?]
What kids show freaks you out?
What is a fact you wish you never knew?
The year is 2522. What does the average day look like for you?
If you had to live off with one condiment for your food, what would it be?
Why did you choose or not choose to have kids in this economy? What advice would you give your younger self regarding this if given a chance?
if you guys could only recommend one movie that everyone should watch at least once, or had to choose your fav movie, what would it be??
What are the best songs to clean your home to?
What something that every one tries to keep hidden but is normal?
If you can bring back a celebrity or comedian from the dead, who would it be?
Any subreddit for advice on how to mod furniture irl?
At what point does political theater become terrorism?
What’s the best strategy to go diarrhea at a party where the only bathroom available is near the party where everyone can hear without making too much noise?
What is the best way to finish your meal, a sip of your beverage or a bite of your food?
Hospitality workers of Reddit, what is the craziest guest interaction/experience/story you’ve had?
Have You Sent Food Back at a Restaurant Before? If so Why?
Doctors of Reddit, just how corrupt is your industry?
When did you really feel like you were in an action movie scene?
What TV relationship did you want to see, but never got?
What is the best psychological thriller film?
What's the most gold digger-ish thing somebody's done to you?
How the first cell was made?
What’s your near death experience story?
If You Are Bout To Die In 1 Year, What Would Be Your Plans?
[Serious] Why do dating apps let you filter by race and religion but not by assigned gender?
What's the most 'Kinky' thing you've done?
What is the best form of social media and why?
What is the most useful app that you’ve downloaded?
What is something you can never have enough of?
What’s something you have done that most people have not?
What are the good deeds you do and suggest everyone do in this world?
When was a time you had a bad gut feeling about something that turned out to be true?
What is the earliest memory you can remember in your life?
How can you find who you are?
What’s a story you want to share?
What to call an enby Caregiver in the context of CGL/DDLG/MDLB?
What's the smallest amount of power you've seen go to someone's head?
What if the British, Russians and Prussians decided to help the union in the us civil war? How would this change the war?
What is the most awkward physical encounter you've ever had with someone else?
What’s a popular brand that actually sucks but was popularized by celebrities?
what are your thoughts on abortion? should it be legalized? should it stay a crime?
What job do you want to get next if you be fired tommorow?
You are the announcer on a plane that is rapidly descending into the Pacific Ocean, and you are tasked with telling the passengers. How do you tell them in a way that makes them feel slightly better?
When a woman is pregnant with 2 babies, will the pregnancy take 18 months or with 3 babies, 27 months?
Factories workers of reddit, what is something you accidentally put in the product and still think to this day who might've bought it?
Deaf people of Reddit, how do you wake up on time since you can’t use “regular” alarm clocks?
What TV show or movie is incredibly popular, but has a morally wrong story?
What's something you still don't understand to this day even after being told hundreds of times?
If you were allowed to choose 3 supernatural powers, what would you choose for yourself?
What do you say as a comeback when someone calls you gay?
What is your favourite month of the year?
What's the subreddit you learned the most from?
Those who see ghosts, what's your scariest paranormal experience?
You just won a lifetime supply of the last thing you drunk that isn’t water, what do you have?
What's 1HP's worth of damage IRL?
What kind of Xmas gift you can give someone that you don't care for ( workmates, family, friends that are a core part of one's life)without looking cheap or coming across as a schmuck?
What does it mean if you’re a guy and talking to your billionaire friend Jane’s friend Kim, and Kim keeps mentioning that Jane is her best friend?
You are the last person on earth power water and internet never goes down what do u do?
What is your blink-n-miss-it paranormal incident?
Why are you sad today?
Non-Americans, how tired and sick are you of seeing questions asking Americans how tired and sick they are of seeing questions asking non-Americans what they think of America?
How has the world distinctly changed in the last 21 years?
What makes a better Pet, Crayfish or Hermit Crab?
What if USA won in Afghanistan?
What was the one event in your life that made you believe in higher power?
What's a secret you are hiding and wouldn't want your parents to find out?
To people who have died and came back, what is it like in the other side?
Redditors outside the US - what are the common characteristics of the different generations (Boomers, Millenial, Gen X, etc) in your country?
Former victims of bullying, how often do you still get the flashbacks? And how long has it been ever since?
What is one hobby you wish you could get in to?
Non-Mexicans, what comes to mind when you hear the word "Mexico"?
What did you eat that caused the worst fart ever?
What was that Family secret that you came to know after a long time and shook you to the bones?
What’s a question you have always wanted answered from another culture?
What skill did you quit, but were pretty good at?
Redditor who came out later in life... What happened?
What’s your favorite acoustic rock song?
What’s your favorite culture, and what’s your own culture like?
Married folks of Reddit, what is the most important thing one should do on the very special day?
What would you do if a baby with super powers just spawned next to you?
Former nice people of Reddit, what made you quit being nice? And how difficult was the transition?
What's the one thing you do that you hate?
People who play wow (World of Warcraft) what is the most toxic thing you heard?
What phrase you answer "how are you? " with? What offbeat but still small-talk-acceptable answers you have encountered?
Where do you think you'll be this time next year?
Those who are going to spend Christmas alone, what's your plan?
Where do you want to be right now?
How do you deal with disrespective, intrusive people who will not leave you in peace even after you've told them calmly, then politely, and finally - rudely?
Dear Reddit, what’s your biggest flex?
What would you do if you found a basket full of cute friendly fluffy purring happy sleeping kittens and why?
How can you avoid expecting the worst from people when you’ve had so many bad experiences?
What is the true meaning of Christmas?
For Army veterans only, what do you miss most about the army?
What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?
Is being a full time students and work and full time job and a part time job too much? Is it manageable? Have any of you been through it? How?
What scares you shitless?
What are your thoughts on getting married?
Which is the most "ethical" big corporation?
What is the kindest act someone has done for you in 2021?
Why do you like Undertale?
Why in the living hell would you set yourself as your OWN wallpaper?
If all of your joints froze in their exact position right now for the next 12 hours, how screwed are you?
Which actor holds a soft place in your heart?
What are certain things about people on dating apps and profiles that annoys or triggers you ?
What’s a tv show you loved but gave up on?
Why are you a virgin?
What's the worst advice you've received?
pet owners, what’s one thing your pets have done that have really freaked you out?
What is something you don't understand about younger people?
Who here has been single thus far, and how do you feel about that?
How often do couples have sex in hotel rooms ?
Non-Australians of Reddit, what comes to mind when you think of 'Australia'?
What’s something you heard from someone but you shouldn’t have heard?
How did your parents meet?
What is a gamble you wish you hadn't taken?
How aware are people with unpleasant personalities of their unpleasantness?
What are some fun Subs for a teenager?
What's the craziest thing you found in a hotel room?
What does it mean to have followers on reddit?
What song is so good you could listen to on repeat for hours?
Ladies in relationships, how do you respond to finding out your fiancé recently bought a pocket pussy. Even though you have sex regularly?
What is the most bizarre thing someone could do when he/she wakes up?
Fellow car enthusiasts, what do you think is the most perfect car to exist to in your opinion?
What is ok to say to say to your best friend at their birthday party, but not at their wedding (or the other way around)?
What is the most elitist car company out there, why?
[Serious] What according to you is the most redundant/non sensical law that exists in your country to this day?
How was your experience in Sydney?
What question do you ask yourself the most?
What will you always regret not doing?
What's your best dad joke?
What gut feeling should you have listened to?
What would you have to give an army of flamingos to actually make them dangerous?
Have you ever been threatened by someone in the real world for something you posted on reddit, and what’s the story?
Age 70+ Redditors - what was it like watching the world discover the nuclear bomb?
What fictional character would you like to have sex with?
What is the weirdest dream you’ve had?
What is your coming out story?
What would your reaction be if space turned out to be a big green screen?
Redditors who bloomed in or after their 30s, what's your story?
What’s legal now, but will likely be illegal in the next 5-10years?
Why there are so many hoes on yt shorts?
What do you dream about?
What song should everyone listen to at least once?
"Miserable redditors" what sadistic pleasure do you glean from spreading your misery, far and wide?
What would you do if a person you became friends with 3 months ago turned out to be a super realistic robot?
What is a you have that you find off putting but can’t seem to get rid of?
What does it mean if you’re just minding your own business, and your coworker says to you “Imm not scared of you, (your name)! 😶”?
What is something you are looking to add to change in 2022 ?
Ladies, what do you gossip about when you talk to your girl friends about your guy friends?
What kind of a Redditor are you?
What impossible thing would have to happen for you to think life isn’t real?
In the event of a catastrophic house fire, how well does home insurance *really* cover you for all of your possessions?
How attractive is it if he has a short philtrum (the part between your upper lip and your nose), making it look like he has the perfect pout?
What do you consider a must read?
If you were to meet Einstein, what would you ask or talk about?
What do you think is the biggest feat humanity did achieve?
Women of Reddit, is it fun to wear a skirt? Why or why not?
Non-Japanese, what comes to mind when you hear the word 'Japan'?
How do you care about your mental health as entrepreneur?
Your crush is getting your username for christmas. What's in the box?
How do you move on after your best friend decides to not care about you?
Doctors of Reddit, if you got Darth Vader as a patient after the lava planet fight in Revenge of the Sith, how would you treat his injuries?
How do you have a meaningful conversation with someone who doesn't share your opinion at all?
Name a character from a tv show or video game. What one Pokémon would match them the best?
What conversation are you least looking forward to during this coming holiday season?
What would you honestly do if someone told you they were caught in a “Groundhog Day time loop” situation?
What's the worst food you've ever eaten?
why or why not 24 is still young?
What is a "perfect" day for you?
When was the last time u went to the fridge and found a leftover that just made you smile in your heart?
You have nothing left to live for no One nothing and no chance to get your life back together what's the first thing you do?
What is an opportunity you’re grateful to yourself for taking?
What annoying thing do your parents do that you caught yourself copying when getting older?
For people who had stillborn siblings how did it affect you? Especially if you were the older sibling. Were you depressed? Grieving?
What are some things you do just to feel accepted in the society even though you don't like doing them?
Why ryou all mistyping the simplest words like your a little kid?
What are you most tired of being asked?
What do you consider to be a perfect movie?
What’s your opinion..? A. Things are really heating up around the world B. Media has become more exaggerative, persuasive, and prevalent?
Who are rich people that complain about capitalism?
[serious] What's the creepiest situation you've been in?
What are your Covid pick-up lines?
What is the most awkward NSFW thing you have ever seen on the bus/school bus?
If you had access to every governments intel and could steal all the info on only one topic, what would you pick?
What happened that saved you at the last moment?
Whats the most clever pickup line that worked for/on you?
What is something crazy somebody has offered you in exchange for something from you?
At what point do you stop watching a movie for entertainment and begin critiquing it critically?
When is the best time to learn about ‘deferred gratification’?
What's the best throwback song?
Why are you on Reddit at this hour?
If ducks could talk, what'd you reckon they'd say?
What is the point of wedding/marriage nowadays?
If you could spawn a fictional house from any movie or show or wherever onto earth thats yours to live in, whos house you taking?
What does every tourist do when they come to your country/specific area?
What makes a person attractive?
What life lessons are you leaving this year with?
Gay men of reddit why do we sometimes watch straight porn?
What's an actual useful lifehack?
How would you fund a lifestyle of walking 30 miles a day to different locations?
What is something cringe that you used to do or still do?
What are some subtle but specific signs of a sociopath?
Why would people ruin the world for something as unimportant as a war?
What if your parents never met, would you still exist and be born to a different mother or father? Why?
What is the best thing you’ve ever eaten?
What was your most awkward first date moment?
When did you know you found your soulmate?
What phrase can you hear even without audio?
What is your reasoning for explaining your edit on Reddit?
What is your biggest pet peeve ?
What were betamax tapes like?
What habit does your pet have which is not normal?
What TV or movie character made you question your sexuality?
What could be a simple and catchy name for a travelling website?
Out of a fight between an angry Texan separatist, angry Québécois separatist, angry northern Irish separatist, angry Scottish separatist, angry Welsh separatist, angry Catalan separatist, and angry Galician separatist who wins and why?
What is a characteristic or mannerism that you picked up from your parent or parents that you didn’t realize until you were older?
what’s your biggest stress reliever?
What if all human species never went extinct and we (homo sapiens sapiens) were never alone?
People with numbers in your username
Pilots, what’s the most bizarre, strange, cool, or scary thing that you’ve seen while flying?
If you could go back and change one thing you've done in your past, what would it be?
What’s a conspiracy theory that sounds crazy but turned out to be true?
What to do on date night when everything is closed after 17u?
What’s something that most people find sexy, but just puts you off?
If hentai was a person how many holes would they need to have to fit every horny watchers dick?
What stops you from reaching out to a friend if they've been on your mind a lot?
Hello street dancers of Reddit! How long did it initially take for you to perform certain dances such as Breaking, Popping, Locking and Boogaloo?
What's the most terrifying true story you know of?
What is the funniest piece of media that you've ever seen?
What should not have happened in history, but still happened?
Regret a lot of things in the past. What should you do to cope with that?
What were you put on this earth to do?
Have you ever met a furry/brownie and what's the weirdest story?
What is a actually good life hack?
What is normalised but shouldn't be?
Professors/instructors, what is the most wild thing a student has proposed to you for extra credit?
Redditors, what's your greatest "revenge is sweet" moment?
Which movie have you watched multiple times?
Extroverts that live alone, how is it going for you?
What goes through your mind until you fall asleep?
What ethical questions come into play, if you're walking and you notice you're about to step on an insect?
Mattress store workers/receivers, what is the most disgusting mattress you ever received?
Straight men of reddit why do we sometimes look at other dicks while peeing in public bathrooms?
What is the most cursed haiku ever?
Your username is what wakes you up every morning, how do you wake up?
What is your view is a great movie opening and why?
Who do you idolize?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what do you say to your family member who's about to do something dumb when you can't say "don't hurt yourself, we can't afford a trip to the hospital!"?
What is the perfect recipe for a good reddit post?
What made you create a reddit account?
What was your “Oh shit I guess i’m old now moment ?”
What celebrities should be in prison and why?
Which is worse, being hungry when high or drunk?
What's the worst nickname you could give to your significant other?
Your last text is what's written on your tombstone. How are you remembered?
Twitter-users, if you had to choose between Twitter and Reddit, which would have to go and why?
Whats something you did online that you now regret?
What is the most stupid thing you've seen somebody do in public?
What is the worst thing you've ever overheard when you know you won't meant to?
What's something that if you won a lifetime supply of wouldn't make your life any better?
What are your thoughts about people with autism?
What is the worst rap lyric you've ever heard?
Which is better, dogs or cats?
Is there any guide/ tutorial to help understand how to kiss?
Question why is a raven like a writing desk?
What’s a place you visited in your dreams that you wish was real?
do other countries find u.s. currency cool looking, if so why ?
What’s the shittiest scam text you can think of?
What’s legal now but most likely will be illegal in 10/30 years ?
What is the best Pokémon game?
[serious] what is one confession someone has told you when they were drunk?
Whats the funniest thing you've seen on reddit?
What’s the worst decision/rule your school has ever made?
that last thing you jerked off to is how you die. How do you die?
When did you realize you weren’t a kid anymore?
What were your favorite types of videos from YouTube when you were a kid?
When did your sexual fantasy come true?
Non-Tatooinians, what is the first thing that comes into your head when someone says "Tatooine"?
Why do you ask with a reply instead of searching it up on the internet?
What’s the thing, event, news etc. you’re most thankful for this year?
What movie is not as bad as people make it seem?
Officers of reddit. In what senarios are the different light stages and sirens used?
Non-English redditors, how did you learn to speak English fluently?
what are something you never asked for but happened?
What song gets you in the mood?
What are some things that stress you out and how do you overcome them?
Who would represent humanity if aliens wanted a formal meeting?
What is your worst / best "this isn't what I asked for" story?
What is the worst way to die?
what length unit do you use in the country that you live in?
What's your favorite mobile game?
In what way has (widespread use of) the internet improved or harmed society?
Does being with dumb people make a person dumber? If yes why and how?
Redditors can you tell us what is your favourite game without telling it's name?
What are some simple straightforward questions with extensive possibilities of answers?
Probably was asked before but what do you think is the darkest implication in a movie?
What traits define an annoying person?
Non-Americans of Reddit, on a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the highest, how strong would your desire be to live in the USA and why?
What is your weirdest masturbation story?
Non-USAians, what comes to mind when you hear word "America" ?
What’s your “how I met my best friend” story?
What is your favorite famous/infamous reddit user?
Teachers of Reddit what is the most disgusting thing you ever someone of your students do?
How would you design the interior of a house to give guests a subtle sense of dread?
Which actor/director is known for breaking physics the most in their films?
What is the most 'Neckbeard' energy you've felt being emitted by someone?
What made you say "Oh hell no, fuck this"?
What game made you a better person and why?
Why is the music on Instagram so loud? Even on the minimum volume setting.
how much water do you drink per day?
What do bears like to eat and is it wise to feed bears that visit your yard?
Accepting orders for free Mexican food, and it's actually good. What would you like?
Interviewers and people working in HR, what is the dumbest thing that you have heard during an interview?
The Doctor says you have 10 minutes left to live. What do you do during that time?
Personally, out of all the social media platforms, what about Reddit is so appealing to you?
Putting your hands in dishwashing gloves with cold water in it is a nasty feeling, what other kind of soft torture would you inflict to your nemesis?
What is this whole Go Brandon thing?
What’s your experience about clicking with someone: does some people take longer?
What would be without the speed of light?
Gamers, what’s one video game sound effect that traumatized you?
What game would you want to play for the first time again?
what is the point of continue living if your life is miserable?
Which movie feels like a fever dream every time you watch it?
What is something that looks very ordinarily but hard to get the perfect one?
what are the small gestures that made you feel loved?
Whats the dumbest reason that got you suspended from school?
What is the weirdest thing that is actually a thing (behavior or sports)?
How do you convince yourself to buy grapes instead of chips in a grocery store?
What is an American mentality that is pushed on the entire world?
On a deserted island can only have one of each...what/who is it? 1.Food 2.Companion 3.Source of Entertainment?
Which academic discipline is most likely to make a person arrogant?
Delivery workers - technicians - cleaning agents: what was the weirdest house you went to and why?
Where would you go if you are invisible?
How are you supposed to whistle?
What’s the longest you’ve waited on hold?
What are some things people do/give up just to flow with society?
People of the world, preferably ones who don't know a lot about dinosaurs, what are the first 3 dinosaurs you can think of?
What is your ideal summer?
What color are your eyes, and if given the option, what might you change them to?
If what is when?
Fellow redditors, what is your opinion on bananas?
What is your best take away fast food story?
What comes to mind when you think of Portugal?
Non-Indians, what's the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear 'India' ?
What nugget of drug advice do you have?
What's something you do in private that would be considered weird if you told people?
What is the worst thing to tell your boss in an important meeting?
Redditors who ran away from home, what’s your story?
Which TV show or movie character would you hate to have as your next-door neighbor?
What is one thing you will never forget about?
What is one aspect of high school that won’t matter in 20 years?
What is the worst injury you have ever recieved?
What is one sad and permanent reality?
What's your most memorable story with your closest friends?
What is something in your language that would make no sense in English?
What are some of your favorite adult jokes in a kids Movie / TV show?
What’s your opinion on Lia Thomas crushing records?
What would you do if your girlfriend refused to have a threesome? Is it reason enough to leave her? Is it ok for her to ruin your dream? A man that loves her unconditionally above all else?
Straight redditors, who is someone you would be gay for?
What are some high school classes that seem dumb at first sight but are actually really useful for later in life?
Which movie fight scene best conveys the unglamorous, ugly reality of violence?
Dear sleep walkers what's the weirdest thing you've ever done while sleep walking?
What Are Some Examples Of Dwarf Planet Candidates?
What are some things that people should do in high school to better help prepare them for their future?
What is the most overrated destination for honeymoon according to you?
[SERIOUS] Users of Reddit, what do YOU think is the point?
What is the worst breakup you've experienced?
Who should be the supreme leader of the universe?
What has been frustrating you latley?
What's your best/worst memory from a sleepover?
How did you meet your closest friends? What's your most memorable story with them?
When did deja vu hit you so hard?
Redditors, what country do you live in and which people do you believe are the most persecuted in the US versus the most persecuted in your home country and why?
non-Europeans, what comes to your mind when somebody says central Europe?
What is a food item you cannot believe you used to eat?
What Are Dwarf Planet Candidates?
What's the most awkward situation you've had at work?
What opinion of your parents do you most disagree with ??
Weebs of reddit, Would you like to have the 5th season of High School DxD anime? Why?
What is one experiment that is considered unethical, but you would want to see/know the outcome?
Gamers of reddit, what game is better every time you play it?
What's your most memorable story from college / high school?
People who work night shifts, what advice/tips can you give someone who is going to start working nights to establish a good sleeping schedule?
What is the most "woke" thing you have ever seen or heard?
If you found out you have one day to live, what items from your bucket list would you regret the most not doing?
What are you gonna do in this Christmas?
What is the most difficult game of all time?
What is your craziest getting birth control experience?
What movie ending missed a trick?
How do we label it,emotion Attraction between two straight male friends ?
What's something that you need to get off chest?
What is the weirdest regional tradition in your hometown?
What is normal in modern times, but would be offensive or unacceptable 100 years ago?
What is the most iconic character of all time?
Which Di you think is better between the metric and imperial system, and why?
People who skip leg day, what’s your reason for this?
Gamers of Reddit, what are some of the hardest bosses in gaming?
LGBT+ of reddit that found out their sexuality or identity through alternative, unconventional or interesting means, how?
If you could travel to the future, what's the most dangerous thing you'd expect to encounter?
Legalization is pushing the price of weed down significantly. How long do you think it'll be before weed and tobacco are the same price?
What is attractive about tall men with broad shoulders?
(Serious)What makes you wanna live life?
What is it with hugs? Are they really that great?
[Serious] What was the biggest red flag you missed at first with someone?
Redditors, what was the most super unnatural thing you saw?
What’s some behavior you dislike from your parents that you actually do?
What is the darkest Christmas movies you've seen?
In which subreddit did you spent the most hours this year and how many?
What musical instrument would you like to be able to play?
How do you deal with abusive older sisters?
What is the 1st thing your spouse said after you caught them cheating?
Parents who gave their kids names like Kayleigh, Makaylah, Braxton, Ashlynne, etc, what do you consider bad names for kids?
What are your thoughts on Joe Biden being accused of financing terrorism?
People who are going to rock down to electric avenue what steps are you taking to prepare for that?
if you had to choose one human to represent earth who would it be?
You hear air raid sirens and you turn on the TV. A nuclear attack is underway and you have 15 minutes before the bomb drops. You are in an apartment in the middle of the target city. What do you do?
What item would you take with you on a trip to Mars?
How can you help others stay humble?
What is your favorite video game chapter of all time?
When has your gut feeling saved your life?
What's the sexiest thing that has ever happened to you?
Who's the most famous person you met?
What would happen if there was a protest in Vietnam to bring back South Vietnam and it had groups of South Vietnamese refugees and American Vietnam war Veterans and other countries veterans and it turns into a revolution against Vietnam to bring back the South?
People who aren't from Israel, what is the first thing that comes to your heard someone saying "Israel"?
What's something you want to go back in time to experience for the first time again?
If you struggle to diet because food is too good to pass on, why not chew the food and spit out half to cut calories? You can trick the brain to feel full because of the chewing and taking longer to eat?
Whose funeral did you last went to?
What is the earliest memory you could remember?
Did you ever fall for your friend? How did it go?
So how many bananas have y'all scrolled this year?
people of reddit what thing did you do in your past that you did not get caught for that you still feel guilt about?
What are big red flegs while dating a girl?
What is the best birthday gift for a mom ?
Which Marvel movie can you watch again and again?
Non-Americans, what comes to mind when you hear the word "United States?"
Dear Reddit, what is a sexual act that you’ll never EVER try with your SO no matter how much they beg and plead for it?
Men of reddit, how did you meet ’the boys’?
Who’s the nicest stranger you met?
What’s the most expensive gas price you’ve seen where you’re from?
What is the absolute last state in the Midwestern United States you would move to? Why?
What is a secret you have never spoken?
What is existence (wrong answer only)?
If you were on death row and were given one last activity instead of a last meal, what would you choose?
What led you to recognize that your boyfriend is a jerk?
How much or little do you care about the environment and why?
How do you guys like your burritos?
What’s the funnest part of your job?
What do you think about shaving armpits and other places .is it healthy ?
What are your thoughts about ghosting?
What is one thing you can't live without?
What's something strange, interesting or weird that happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away?
Reddit, What is a lie you were told as a kid that you only realized as an adult was BS?
What are your thoughts on President Trump?
What common/normal thing that you just can't see yourself doing it?
What’s something that’s perfect as it is?
What is something that's not funny at all but still makes you laugh?
What's a common skill you never learned?
How come the Better CEO didn’t just have HR do the announcement…that would have been so much simpler?
What is the argument equivalent of Coke and Mentos?
What did you found out about the nerd that will change his reputation forever?
If North America’s governments gave the land back to their respective indigenous peoples, what would happen?
What’s a theory/something you could talk about for hours?
What is a memorable experience you have before YouTube, Facebook , Instagram or tiktok or Twitter ?
What makes puppies and kittens so popular?
On the scale of a person's life, how long is "a long time ago"?
What height range do you find the most physically attractive?
Whats the most mind blowing conspiracy theory you know ?
Why did you originally join Reddit?
What’s the best thing your therapist has helped you see about life?
Which film was better as an original than the remake?
What’s your biggest complaint right now?
What purchase of $100 or less has most positively impacted your life?
What isn’t there a word for, but should be?
What type of men would you prefer to date but not marry?
What sounds extremely wrong, but is actually correct?
Water being the "default" drinkable what is the food equivalent of it?
What's a song that you started liking or liked more after checking it's behind the lyrics?
What triggers you and why?
What invention made you feel like you’re really living in the future?
What's the worst thing to mention during an interview?
What's the most random thought you've ever had?
What is something you thought was weird when you were younger, but now realize is completely normal?
Which artist is a lyrical genius?
When are you planning your next satanic orgy?
If you had a super power what would it be?
What would happen if your Reddit account was investigated?
What is the weirdest thing you ever overheard your sibling say?
What do you hate about the group you currently or used to associate yourself with?
If you have a comfort zone, why would step out of it?
People who've never visited the USA, what do you picture the USA to be like?
What is the worst thing you ever did and how does it affect you now?
Should alcohol be illegal? What do you think?
What TV show scene made you get goosebumps?
What would happen to an eskimo if you put them in the middle of the Sahara desert?
What's your favorite twitter account?
What's the worst thing you've ever seen at a funeral?
If animals could swear, which one would be the swearest?
Considering the age and era we live in, what's surprisingly primitive?
Writers of Reddit, what is your source of inspiration?
Which artist's fanbase is mostly virgins?
If you could make all humans have a body part be 5 inches bigger, what part would it be?
What was the most realistic dream you had?
If there is no quarantine and COVID what would you be doing?
Who was the last person you kicked in the nads?
Police officers, what is the best gift someone gave you?
What is happening with the world?
Imagine humans had health bars. What would losing 1HP feel like?
People who got blinded with science how did it happen and why did it happen?
Who is hyped for the new spiderman movie?
People who work in customer service, what's the worst Karen you ever encountered?
How does one instill loyalty?
Network technicians of reddit, how do you propose to someone using a networking term?
When did you discover that little pocket on the back of your testicles, that you can keep small items in?
What happens if you watch the Worldvision Enterprises logo on Bath Salts?
You wake up on Mars, but you’re surrounded by a group of drunks who vaguely look like the cast of Total Recall. Wyd?
Americans, what is the absolute first state you would move to and why?
People of animation anf films(mostly directors), who's been taught in university, why did you choose that university, what are the conditions and scholarships,mentors, availability and how is the working process?
What is the dumbest question you have ever asked in this subreddit and now you completely regret it?
What is something you do/have that was supposed to be temporary or a stopgap but you still do it/have it?
What broke your heart?
What horror movie do you recommend that isn't gore but psychologicaly scary?
Americans, what is the absolute best state to live in?
What's the creepiest thing your kid has said to you?
Which movie u loved watching but trash talked it in public ?
Transformers are real. What item in your house would you most like to see transform into an Autobot?
What's a green flag in a relationship?
Kool Aid man is summoned by chanting ‘Oh no’ several times. What chant can be used to summon other fictional characters?
What’s the most noteworthy thing that happened with you today?
What historical figure would you compare yourself too?
What's your go-to snack, that's easy to make at home?
What is the most funny or meaningful quote or phrase that reveals something about you?
How different is the real you from the caricature you wrote in your college essay?
What is the greatest film of all time?
What’s the most memorable film, movie or show you watched this year?
What are your New Year wishes?
Women of Reddit, what is the greatest compliment a man (or woman) can give you to make you blush?
[Serious] What are your thoughts on Politics right now?
What's that one good decision you made which saved you from a lot of regrets?
Who is your role model and why?
How did The One get away?
Reasons why you wearing headphones all the time.?
What is the greatest positive impact you can make with $20?
You’re selected to go to another planet but can only bring one plant with you, what plant or seed do you bring with you?
what theme park in the USA has the deepest (not longest) lazy river?
How did you perceive love before you fell in love and how it changed after?
A friend says his hiccups last 4 on average, what happens to you that is not normal?
How do you want to die?
What is your single favorite episode of TV ever?
What's the most petty thing you've ever done to get back at someone?
What do you expect or think will happen in 2022?
What are your plans with Christmas?
What words sound like a medical diagnosis but aren't actually one (ex: Ligma)?
What are you looking forward to in 2022?
What warning/advice/tip/wisdom would you give to a foreigner that is about to immigrate and take their fist step in America?
What thing do you do that you don't think anyone else does?
Whats the biggest sign that someone is hiding something from you?
Weebs of reddit, whats your weight?
Transformers are real and the last piece of technology you touched suddenly transforms into a decepticon, how do you defend yourself?
You were given the lifetime supply of the last thing that you googled, you can NOT sell it. How did it change your life?
What are some great productivity tips?
What would you do with infinite money?
What makes you lose your shit?
What’s one useful skill that is easy to learn?
What american candy/snack would you gift someone who isnt american and hasn’t tried them?
What’s the best Elf on the shelf scene you’ve witnessed?
People of reddit who have gotten a virus on their computer, what's your story?
What is your weirdest but useful trick to sleep ASAP?
What are some Major Loopholes in your religion?
If you could have an opportunity to talk with a celebrity/historical character/scientist/athletes/musicians/politicians living or dead, what character would be and what would you ask?
Cheaters of Reddit, why?
Those who have previously worked for MLM companies, do you add it into your CV/Resume? Why or why not?
To make ist easier for all of us, what is the one question you would really like to type an answer to?
How do you make your days count?
What movie was drastically different the second time you watched it?
What’s your go to life story?
How D/s varies from vanilla relationships?
If you were a Power Ranger, what would your color and animal be? Would you also have any unique weapons, equipment or powers?
What happens if you watch Toy Story on Flakka?
What's the scariest thing you have witnessed?
Which anime would you like everyone to watch?
People of reddit, what’s the biggest womanchild red flag?
If you could delete somthing from your memory, what would you delete?
What's the dumbest stereotype that people need to stop believing?
What's the funniest thing that happened to you and your partner in the middle of sex?
Which song lyrics don’t fit to the tune? ‘OMD’s’ ‘Enola Gay’ has an upbeat pop tune combined with devastating lyrics. What others are there?
What should you definitely do in life before dying?
What life advice took you awhile to fully understand?
Why associate sex with dirty mind?
You can travel anywhere and live wherever you want, money is no object, but your life is shortened to one year if you agree. Do you accept?
Everyone here is getting free Chinese food delivered. What's your order?
What was the weirdest thing you saw in your reddit recap after the latest update?
Astrology, real or smoke and mirrors? Why?
Non-Americans, what come to mind when you hear the word “America” ?
Non-asians, do you wear shoes inside your house? If yes, why?
Men and women of reddit what is the most disgusting place u have masturbated inside Or had sex?
What's the most selfless thing you've ever done?
If you could direct your own TV show or movie what would it be about and who would you cast?
What is the most messed up thing your parents ever said to you with 100% sincererity?
What are some ways to deal with Youtube Addiction?
People who don’t do anything, why don’t you do anything?
Which is more important, completing a task or doing well on it?
What would just totally make your day?
What was the worst food you have ever ate?
Redditors in relationships, how do you feel about your partner watching Pornography?
Introvert here, how do you find a potential friendship, relationship or connection?
What is the biggest brain fart you’ve ever had?
What started out as a joke, but it got taken seriously?
What is the rarest or most unique video that you own?
The last thing you dreamed is now your life. Whats your life like now?
non filipinos, what comes to mind when you think about the philippines?
What should 22 year olds be doing in today’s society?
What is the worst invention created?
What is the most illogical reasoning you heard your parents say while defending their actions?
How are you doing tonight?
How do you win any game no mater the circumstance?
Alright. What on God's green earth is a Ligma?
What television theme song is just an absolute banger?
What makes you live with a fugitive?
Australians, what is the absolute LAST state you would ever want to move to?
What will break the internet?
What is Alux.com and their couses? Would you say that they are worth it?
What new, hyper-specific film genre can you think up?
What album have you made the most memories to?
Non-Americans, if you had to pick a place in the US to be dropped off, where would it be?
What song have you been listening to a lot lately?
If we ask new drivers to take an exam or a course, should we ask new parents to do the same and why or why not?
What is something that can be both a strength and a weakness?
Which fast food chain has the best fries?
Whats the worst piece of art you've ever seen ?
What’s a band you found on Spotify/Apple Music that you’d never heard of before this year?
What is your favorite movie scene of all time?
If you could live in any fantasy world, what would you choose and why?
What are the most painful thing you're ever experienced?
What’s your age ? What are the things that most of your colleagues can do at your age but you can’t ?
[Serious] What's a scary true story that sends chills down your spine when you think about it?
What are your thoughts on Taylor Swift?
What was a great idea but still failed?
What's something men can ask women but women cannot ask men and vice-versa?
What is your "no good deed goes unpunished" story?
What did you change your name to?
Every singer in the world comes together to sing one song together: what do they sing?
What celebrity would probably be alive today if they didn’t become famous?
How do you keep from swearing all day?
What evidence is there that other Earth-like planets exist along with suns and livable habitats?
People always complain about modern horror movies lacking the 'trur horror', so what would you suggest change in these movies to make them as good as the classics?
How do you handle an injustice dealt to you?
Americans, what is your favorite state, other than the one you're living in?
Where are you in life right now? Do you want to change it?
Your dog now has telekinetic powers. How does this make you feel and how much trouble are you in?
What does Jetdry actually do to the dishes in the dish washer?
What’s something you don’t want your parents to know about you?
What song did you immediately fall in love with?
Have you cheated on your partner with their sibling or parents and how did that go?
What's the weird thing you heard about yourself ?
What is the best thing you have seen or done while being high?
Be honest. How big is your vagina?
What are your thoughts on Biden’s pregnancy?
Got a reward to give away, who wants it?
Who is your favorite band/artist and what is their worst song?
What is the best Mac and cheese?
People who have technically died, what happened?
Chinese, which Chinese dynasty is most respected in modern Chinese culture?
What tv show do you watch as a guilty pleasure?
Why did you change your name ?
This is a rookie question... How to see your average time spent on reddit each day? Is there any?
What’s the most ridiculous form of merchandising you’ve ever seen?
How hard did you fall for a scam?
What is the loneliest thing you've seen someone else do?
What activities are a waste of time?
What is the most politest way to ask for intense sex?
People who fly first class (where you paid), how much money were you making before you started doing it regularly?
What’s the scariest thing a has stranger told you?
How would you describe the "typical" American?
What do you think can be alternatives for Q-tips?
How do you break up with someone you care about?
If animals had had human jobs, what career would suit which animal?
What are the best flavors of M&M's?
What's the 1st thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word "Cryptocurrency"?
What is the greatest writing prompt you’ve ever seen?
What is the thing you are most proud of about your country?
What's the best non-pornographic compilation you've seen?
What's the best boss you worked under?
What is something that you enjoy about your country?
What is the most infuriating thing that your SO does constantly?
What was a great song by a bad band/artist?
What is a useful invention?
Hey Redditors! So iim currently in bed eating a pint of Tonight Dough Ben & Jerry's in Bed, and youtube ...how jealous are you?
What do you hate about this site?
What movie do you wish had a different ending?
What would you do if you walked up on someone tea baggin someone else on the side walk? Just crouchin over and over?
Gamers of reddit, what is the best game that has come out in this past year?
What is the most recycled trend on this sub?
Gamers of reddit, what do you think is going to be the biggest game in 2022?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what is the worst thing that has ever happened at your neighborhood?
What are your thoughts on future you?
Self taught language speakers. What did you learn and how long did it take to be able to have a conversation in chosen language?
What is the country you would like to stay away from at all costs?
What is the country that you would most like to live in?
What was your favorite show that you discovered on Nick at Nite or in syndication?
What type of person do you feel you need to watch out for the most?
What is the most offensive thing that you have almost accidentally said?
How long do you keep that promise after vowing to change?
What’s your least favorite food?
What will 100 units of your country’s currency buy you?
Replace the word "American" in a book or movie title with the word "Canadian". How does the plot change?
Women, why are you here?
What’s the most unusual thing you’ve seen being sold in a store?
What was that story when you walked away from a relationship because the other person was “too nice”?
Student life vs Work life. Which one has more freedom and why?
what is the most know scandal in the world?
What would you think about a nuclear power plant being built in your town?
What is attractive about your fetish/kink?
femme fatales of Reddit, how do you use your feminine wiles to your advantage?
If your pet is a person who was reincarnated, what kind of person was he/she?
What subreddit do you have blocked and why?
Fiction writers, what never fails to help make a good story?
Redditors,what are your plans for weekend?
If you were in a red room with Zuckerberg and there were no consequences, what would you do to him?
If you could teleport once per day to somewhere you could physically see, when would you use the power?
What painting/statue is larger than you think it is?
What are the publics opinions on why politics are so polarized currently? What can people from each side do to help?
What annoying thing plauges your favorite game's community?
If you could bring Bruce Lee back to life and in his prime, how would he do in the UFC?
In your opinion, what is the best state in the United States and why?
What moment in your life has been most like a scene from a movie?
What kind of smartphone are you currently using? Do you like it?
Deliver Drivers of Reddit (Amazon,USPS,Ups,FedEx):What is the most craziest thing you ever encountered while delivering?
Ok, let’s get this settled once and for all. What is the best ice-cream flavor?
What is the best or worst your generation is known for?
What dish can you not stand at all?
What is something left on your sexual bucket list?
People who go to the gym dressed like you're going to the club, why?
Which song makes you feeling hood?
What is the dumbest thing a school bully has ever said about you?
What is one thing you're looking forward to in 2022?
If one day people on earth could travel to different planets and galaxies with a plethora of different beings that had or was part of a galactic economy, how would earth be able to enter the economy financially?
What do you do on a weekend when it’s going to rain?
What's one of the most horrifying or most glorified dreams you had that you will remember for years to come?
We all need to level set here. When we say ‘it started with a bang,’ what’s the ‘bang’?
Where do you see Reddit 10 years from now?
What is the worst thing about Reddit?
What's a small habit you've taken up that had much better results than you expected?
If frogs can’t give you warts, how do adolescences get warts on their hands and feet?
What is you’re secret that you not telling anyone but it’s bothering you?
To those of you who send spontaneous dick-pics
What is your go to food that reminds you of your childhood?
What’s your favorite food?
People who have been completely knocked out for surgery, how did your wake up go?
People who have therapists/psychiatrists, have you had sessions where you yelled or raised your voice?
What movie do you think is terrible now that you used to love growing up?
What is something that is just as good as you remember it?
When was the last time you talked to your neighbors?
Those who intentionally ignored all the red flags and committed to the person, what happened?
What was your best "night out with friends" experience?
People that have gone camping what’s the scariest thing you saw or heard?
What are your creepiest true stories having to do with cryptid like monsters?
what are some purchasable drinks or foods or legal substances that make you feel good without any serious side effects if consumed every morning?
People who sat in the front of the school bus, where are you now?
What did Frenchfries tasted like before McDonald’s made the industry standard of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside?
What is the most situational superpower ever?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite candy from where you're from?
If you were to get a penny every time you had sex, how rich would you've been?
What do you do to take care of yourself?
Those who are dating someone who you didn't find attractive initially, how's your relationship going?
What makes you different from anyone else?
What is the cheapest car you've ever bought?
Have you ever/Do you sometimes masturbate when you drive?
What's your best story about the town eccentric?
[Serious] what event happened in your home town that they tried to sweep under the rug?
What do you think are the friendliest (ie, actually interested in making friends, not just in being 'nice') cities in the US?
What video game will you make your future kids play?
Women, what constitutes a good kiss?
Men, what constitutes a good kiss?
Girls , what according to you is boyfriend material ?
What video games do people at CERN, Jet Propulsion labs, and Los Alamos etc play?
What are some hobbies that can make a student money?
What was the thing that made you swing both ways ?
What moment did you just say fuck it and did something regrettable?
Have you ever walked through a door and forgot what you went in there for? How long did it take you to figure out what you were getting from there?
Of the people you’ve lost in life, who do you miss the most? What is it about them that you miss?
What’s the first thing you do when you’re on holiday?
Whats the dumbest reason someone has ruined your day?
What do you think are the most misused words?
What's the most cursed Christmas present you could give to someone?
What is the best RPG game on PS5 today?
What's the one hot thing in pop culture that everyone else can't get enough of, but you can't stand?
Where might Kamala Harris be next week?
What’s an evil prank you’ve pulled?
When you look someone in the eyes a song plays that represents their entire personality, what's the worst song that could play?
If your muffin top had a flavor, what flavor would it be and why?
What celebrity you hate for no reason?
What's the dumbest reason you've been dumped?
Tokers of Reddit, what can we do to get children to wait until they're adults before lighting up?
Guys! What things you can say while having sex and on a family dinner?
Non Indians, what comes to mind when you hear the word “India”?
If you could start m over at age 18 what would you do?
What is a mature way to say “get fucked”?
What did you have for dinner tonight?
What is your craziest non traditional Christmas tradition?
People from countries that are not the US, who do most people blame for price inflation where you live?
If you found out mirrors have always been recording us and the footage is about to be leaked how screwed are you and what do you have to say for yourself?
People in apartments, how loud is your porn?
What are some pros and cons to dating an Asian guy?
What’s a high paying job for a college student with only an associate degree?
What's the best way to reject someone?
What's a book from your childhood that made you love reading?
If males were to have periods, what do you think the world would be like?
What made you like someone who you used to hate?
What is the best investment you have made?
Which song would be played during the ending credits of the world?
What comes to mind when you hear the word “Arizona”?
Why are you not happy?
What’s an easy way to make new friends?
If an extraterrestrial civilization came to earth and wanted to hear the best songs earth has got. What do we send them?
What is one quote from a movie that perfectly sums up that specific movie?
What game were you born the same year as?
What gift would dads love this Christmas?
How would you respond to someone who tries to insult you based on your English, intellect, or looks?
Redditors of Michigan, what's the scariest thing you've seen in the Michigan wilderness? [Serious]
What makes Mr. Darcy the perfect love interest? What personality type is he?
What hacks do you find most effective in increasing your working from home (WFH) productivity?
What was the worst thing you experienced?
If you could be in one TV show, what would it be and why?
Conspiracy theorists, what are some of your theories about Jeffery Epstein’s “death” ?
what's a video game that you're tired of hearing about?
For 1 hour, You now have the ability to trade 1 foot of your height for 1 inch of penis length (whether you have a penis at all doesn't matter.) Or 1 inch of penis length for 1 foot of height. How do you use this hour?
For those who can’t find work related to their college what did you get your degree in?
What is the most disappointing celebrity endorsement or advertising participation?
What harmful and addictive behaviors should be less normalized in society?
Sock recommendations for people who work on their feet while wearing boots?
What will future historians call the age that we currently live in (ie Bronze Age, Iron Age, Middles Ages, _____)?
What movies have the most stunning set pieces / filming locations?
Those who used to look down on Redditors, what turned you into one of us?
Professional artists (big or grassroots) of Reddit, how do you make a living on your art?
What's something you want to tell someone just for the sake of it but can't?
What’s a pilot that got canceled that sounded like it would’ve been interesting?
What is a cute or special way that you write your signature that gives it flair?
If you tied your life with another being so if 1 does they both die what would it be?
Ass or tits? Why?
What’s Everyone’s favorite Christmas movie?
If you could be in one movie, what would it be and why?
Literally could’ve mowed your lawn here (Midwest USA) last week. Now currently digging the driveway out from 2-3 feet of snow. How are you doing?
What is something that isn't illegal but should be?
What’s the closest thing you have to a superpower?
People who go to Joel Osteen’s church, why?
Men of Reddit - when did your balls drop? And do they stay dropped?
What is the sexiest car ever?
If being stupid were the only legal offense, what specific act would give you the death penalty?
Combine your 2 favourite video game franchises. What is it like?
How screwed are you with your Christmas preparations?
What happened that made you think you just might be psychic?
Which is the most characterful car?
What do you think life would be like right now had Covid not started?
What lesson did you learn as a physician assistant that was life changing?
Do reboots affect the legacy of the original shows, negatively or positively?
People who were child prodigies, what are you doing with your lives now?
When does it get better?
What TV show actually ended well?
What do you think is attractive in men?
Which intro is better in your opinion, money heist or narcos??
What inanimate object says the most about you?
If potato chips and crackers are a go to American snack, what would be other countries equivalent?
Would you rather go 500 years into future or 500 years into the past and why?
What is the greatest plot twist of all time?
What movie should be remade?
Non-Americans: what do you think of when you think of America?
For those that have experienced a personal Mandala Effect. What happened?
What three contests would you use to test who is the most normal person among your friends and/or family?
So what really happens when you fart and sneeze at the same time?
What were the worst side effects to a medical thing you had/did?
What is the Weirdest subreddit ever?
What are good streaming sites like movie box that still works with little to no ads?
[serious] When did you reach your breaking point at work or online? What was the fallout?
Non Nordic people, how do you imagine living in a Nordic country is?
What Would You Do If You Owned The Federal Reserve Central Bank?
Is Vince McMahon more of a bastard or a gentleman and why?
Are you rich? Why or why not?
What IS legal but shouldn't be?
What's a good way the Simpsons could end?
What isn't illegal but should be?
If you could, what would you say to the person who treated you the worst in your life?
Does Merrick Garland understand that the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to prosecute the inconsequential people instead of the primary criminal who can literally destroy everything we love?
What are some of the dumbest rules at a workplace/office?
People of reddit, what is the dumbest thing you have seen a person do on a school pc?
Are there any people living who are so far advanced at what they do compared to everyone else that they are basically Mozarts or Leonardo da Vincis in their field?
What is the most random question anyone has ever asked you?
what reasons not to commit the s when life is fucked?
You have a time machine. How do you ruin someone’s day?
What are some creative ways to avoid being depressed this holiday season?
What’s the craziest thing someone did at your workplace but didn’t get fired for it?
Let's say you get to pick three traits, conditions or circumstances for your next life. What do you pick?
What is your biggest red flag?
What is something that took you a long time to learn but now you feel you know it so well you can teach somebody else it much faster?
Without saying the title, what is one song that is instantly recognisable based on one lyric?
Xbox players of reddit: what is a cheap an easy gift you can get for someone who enjoys playing Xbox?
Pilots and flight attendants of reddit, how do you look sharp after >10 hours in flight? What tips & tricks can you share with us?
What is the most painful (physical or emotional) experience that you’ve had?
What is the funniest coincidence ever?
What do people mistaken you based on your race background?
What is the best song ever writen?
What's the best advice if you were about to be hit by a car?
How do you feel about not knowing yet that Reddit has hidden a surprise for you via the Learn More link at the end of your Reddit Recap slides?
What is the best horror movie ever?
which season is the best season to fall in love?
[Serious] People who have been on long non-drill lockdowns in your school, what's it like? Are you okay - what can people do to help?
What item do you have an unusually large quantity of?
When was the last time you, in any capacity, shit your pants? How many times in your life have you?
What is the best quote of all time?
Non-earthlings, what comes to mind when you hear the word 'Earthlings?'
Non-American actors and theater buffs, how would you describe Hollywood's contribution to your art?
What's the equivalent of men having small penis on women?
Dear doctors/nurses of reddit: For patients that survived critical illness and "got a second chance," what really happens afterwards?
When a toilet gets clogged, how does water still drain?
What's a sound that you find soothing and why?
men of reddit, what is it about Indian women that you find so attractive?
What happened at your job that people still talk about to this day?
Whatever happened to the models used for the original Thomas the tank engine series?
Where do you start in your mouth when brushing your teeth?
Whats the greatest fight scene in cinematic history?
What is the one unforgettable moment that happened to you in 2021?
What is the most awkward moment of your life to date?
How easy is it to win the lottery?
People who have taken long-distance buses, what are some interesting things that happened?
If the world is round, why are shoes flat?
How does one send fan mail to Hailee Steinfeld?
People of Reddit, pretend you made your username, tell us how you came up with it?
What was the most traumatic thing that ever happened during your childhood?
What do you think of Reddit?
Those who have been to incarcerated: how did you get caught and how much time did you serve?
What app is absolutely worth the price?
Non-Americans, what comes to mind when you hear the word "America?"
[Serious] Deaf people of reddit, who is your favorite musical artist?
What makes you feel complete?
What's an anima that you think everyone should watch?
What’s the time where you live?
what type of people are you at school? white, black, asian, nerd, racist, gay, bully, victim, rapist, serial killer, smoke weed, study hard, don't study, drug dealer, smuggler, rich, poor, weeb, loner, bounty hunter, drug lord, hitman, norm, popular?
When you read comments or posts on Reddit, how do you tend to imagine the poster looking like?
Who is the first person you think about when you think about the word 'genius'?
Charismatic people of reddit, how do you be charismatic?
What famous individuals have been mythologized ? Which are your favorite myths about them?
[Serious] If you were going to see your favorite person on Earth and knew going in that it was for the last time, what would you say to them?
What is the most overrated city in the world?
What makes someone less attractive than they already are?
have you ever been scammed and if so what happened?
GamersOfReddit, what was the first or only game you've 100%?
What is something you wish you did in the past but you didn’t and regret?
Americans, how tired and sick are you of seeing questions asking non-Americans what they think of America?
What’s your favorite video game of all time ?
Fellow Redditors, which event in world history had the biggest impact on society today?
What Are Central Banking Databases?
What is some popular countries(places) you've been and it turns not so charming as you tough it will be?
What's the best way for a complete newcomer to consume the Star Wars series (Ep. 1-9): in the order they were released (Ep. 4-6, then 1-3, and then 7-9) or chronologically (Ep. 1-9 in order)? Why?
What adventure would you want to do if you had the time, money and abled body?
Artists of Reddit, how did you find your style?
For research purposes, why haven't you yet clicked on '' learn more about how we did this '' at the end of your Reddit Recap slides?
Some people are missing certain parts of their bodies, and can also take a joke. What are you missing?
What is the most unique question you've ever been asked during a job interview?
What's your repetitive nightmare about?
What video game do you consider a masterpiece?
What is one cartoon character you think is gay?
People who had their principal or just staff at your school hate you, what happened?
How have you been able to convince a drunk person to not drive when they want to?
What are some of the most useful websites?
No HBO- What other way to watch Game of Thrones?
Which punctuation mark do you put first? Like this: “?!”, or like this: “!?”
What lives in your head rent free?
Which famous person is a solid 10 in looks?
People who are balls deep in it, what's your exit strategy?
what are something you are unhappy about it but cannot do anything?
When's the last time you wanted to write a review about something online, but didn't, and what would you have said?
What song gives off a nostalgic feeling?
What’s the stupidest thing that always makes you laugh?
What's your favorite book to read and what is it about?
Which foreign english accent do you think sound the best?
What moment during this pandemic were you most thankful to be wearing your mask?
What's the best free software for digital asset management?
Reddit, what are your goals for 20202?
(NSFW) You and your homie go to a club. You see a girl you like but she likes your homie instead. Later,after she smashes your friend at yall shared apartment,she comes out his room naked and says it's your turn. What's your next move?
Frogs of Reddit, what are your favorite memories?
Woman of reddit, at what age do you find a man most attractive?
[Serious] What's a life advice you reflect on frequently?
What is the most American thing you have ever seen?
What are you grateful for?
What does your reddit recap look like?
If you could go back in time, which invention would you steal and call your own?
What’s your most important goal?
What is a phrase or idea that every currently living generation understands?
What smells have a large nostalgic effect on you?
Gamers of Reddit, What Game makes time seem like it goes 5x faster?
If you could instantly gain mastery of one skill what would it be?
What is that memory that keeps you up at night?
What’s the most overrated band?
What is the bravest cosplay you've ever seen?
What is one show you’d bring back and change the ending to?
What terrible experience with food did you have as a child that led you to swearing it off completely even as an adult?
What do you think about sex-working?
People born in the early 2000’s, what do you miss most about those years?
If ii was with you right now, what would you do?
Have you ever walked up to somebody in the middle of talking shit about you? If so, what was said and how did you react?
What are some of the best Reddit posts, comments, or threads you have seen?
Can any kind of smoking cause anosmia? And those it have caused ,how long did it last?
What are some tools that a building maintenance engineer should have?
What two ethnic foods taste great combined?
what is your sleep paralysis expereince?
What is the most bulletproof breed of dog? Why?
What’s a slang word or phrase everyone forgot?
People of Reddit, what is the worst consequence you have received for a seemingly small mistake?
women of the redit, anyone here who've had experience with a 5 inches penis and 4.7 girth? was it actually any good?
What are your opinions about the uncanny valley applied to apes?
What or who is Adonis?
People who didn't make friends in college what did you spend your time on instead ?
How sad does the world get the older one gets? Do you feel that way?
What is the most expensive thing in your personal collection?
What is your city famous for?
What non-fiction book do you consider a must-read for everyone?
People have disabilities relating to the senses such as sight, sound, etc. For those of you who have no sense of touch, how is life for you?
Which mistake your younger self made that you can't forgive?
What would you do if all the time you are daily wasting browsing internet?
What is the best Christmas gift you’ve ever received?
[Serious]What is the biggest animal that you have hit with your vehicle accidentally?
What's the fastest way to delete a post?
Who's that person who's work you appreciate but the person you don't ?
Real or fictitious, what is your spirit animal? Why?
If you never had to work, what would a typical day in your life look like?
What do you think when you hear that she is "good in bed?"
What do you think when you hear that he is "good in bed?"
What's the most useful subreddit you have come across that most people don't even know about?
Why can a baby go from having gills to breathing air like it’s nothing?
How would your body look if you only did HIIT workouts at home??
What is your favorite soundtrack in a movie/video game?
What song would you play for someone if you wanted to "blow their mind"?
What is the worst you ever did to someone?
What quote do you live by?
What are the best reedits for learning how to wind an arguments?
How would life be different if we didn't need to eat, wee or poo?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What’s the worst translation you have ever read/made?
What can happen to you if you overdose but survived it?
How do you fix your sleep schedule?
What's a lyric from a song you have as a tattoo?
What is something every single adult (let’s say 18) should know?
Why do you call everyone who doesn’t like to hook up a “prude”?
Redditors, what is the best and worst thing to do in reddit?
What do you admire the most about any of your parental figures?
What are some good conversations starters to use with your crush after already knowing them and working along side them for years?
Intentionally or Unintentionally what is the most out of date food you have eaten and how was it?
When you buying a house?
Redditors of the South and Midwest: what's the psychological impact of living under the threat of extreme weather?
People who believe in a certain thing that other people do not (example; skin walkers), why do you believe in them?
if you could ressurect a animal, what would it be?
What do **you** come to reddit for?
What’s a random non-political conspiracy theory you have?
At what point do you think intermittent fasting becomes an eating disorder?
Hey guys what do you experience when your third eye opens ?
What do you think is really happening at Area 51?
How did you make friends in university?
Redditors who have gotten into a serious physical fight, what prompted it, and do you regret it?
how the hell to stop discord addiction?
What’s a dying trend?
How do you get ALL your millstone records from basic to your last base, and can you get records from others to some capacity?
Driving a city bus for 9 hours, What have you always wanted to ask a city bus driver?
Someone put up a bounty for you for $5,000,000.00, for something you did yesterday, what did you do?
People who live in a high risk tornado area, why and how do you continue to live there?
What is your etiquette when a tradesperson is working in in your house?
What do you do when don’t want/can’t leave your bed?
What would you do if you got a chance to live in the moon for 3 months by yourself?
What did you enjoy even though it traumatized you?
Oh God oh please help m*. Stuck in 1990 being held hostage by Tim Allen. Help. Need somebody. Not just anybody. Help! What should do?
What mistakes do you think the human race would make if some major catastrophe sent our civilisation back to the middle ages?
What are some questions you would like answers to on this subreddit? Also, what would be the answer if any, to those questions?
What are some situations that took you years to grow from ?
What have you grown to accept as you’ve gotten older?
What is one secret you plan on going to your grave with?
For those who just started their careers and have already been labeled workaholics, whats your career and in what way are you dealing with your new found stress? Any pointers for others?
What is the creepiest thing a toy has ever done?
In hell, what food combinations do you think you’ll be forced to eat?
what are the ways to describe and handle a situation where someone puts down, Invalides or belittles other people's views?
Do elite level thieves, like the ones depicted in movies who make a career out of elaborate heists, exist in real life?
Redditors, What are you buying/making for secret santa?
What makes you attractive?
People that don't shuffle their music playlists, why?
What’s your take on the current state of the pandemic?
What movie or TV show was filmed where you live?
What's your favourite quote from a movie, TV- Show, or book?
What’s a song you enjoy, by an artist you don’t?
What is the best website or app where one can download music for free?
How do you start your day / What's your morning routine?
Who do you find to be the weirdest First Lady in American history?
Whats the longest amount of time you have sat playing video games non-stop?
What's the longest you've gone with no sex ?
You just won $700 million in the lottery. What’s the first thing you do with the money?
What are your plans for New Year's Eve and what's your resolution?
what do you think about buying a bb gun for 8 years old nephew?
What is the worst food ?
What's a true fact so baffling, it should be false?
Redditors who purchased a Lord/Lady title, has being a Lord/Lady changed something in your life?
What’s your go to movie when you’re sick/need comforting?
What human thing AI will never do learn to do?
What sexual advise women have for men?
What do you enjoy wasting your money on?
What is the one thing u regret abut ur teen days?
If you could get any present, what would you really like for Christmas?
Crush recently was introduced to vape and is now addicted. Not sure how j feel about him anymore. What are your options?
What did a close “friend” do or say, that made you realise you weren’t actually friends?
Parents of Reddit, what are some of the fondest memories you have with your children?
What’s your ‘last day on the job’ fantasy?
What research has been done on intelligence difference between brother and sister siblings?
Why shouldnt Democrats do like Republicans and start claiming that any election they lose is rigged?
What's a dad joke you know that's actually kind of funny?
How is everybody today?
What are some subreddit that can provide feedback to surveys?
What's the best bargain you've ever gotten?
Without saying what it is, what’s the best and worst thing about your profession?
You get 1 million dollars if you can eat every meal for a year with the same kind of sauce, what sauce do you choose?
What was the strange case you had with déjà Vu?
People who travel a lot for work, what's a trip you have for normal travellers?
what is the most awkward moment you had at your work?
What is the best music player app?
What is the dumbest or most absent minded thing you ever did?
Bullies in Reddit, what was the time you helped another kid?
What’s your favorite cereal lol ?
What TV show theme is instantly recognisable from a single line?
What’s the worst thing a Christian has said or done to you “in the name of Jesus”?
What's the most modern song that gives the same feel that older songs had?
What are some unique Christmas traditions where you live?
What's the kindest thing someone's ever done for you?
How would you make your favorite ‘so bad it’s good’ movie even better?
What console game is the best multi-player experience?
For married ones who's having an affair - how happy were you before and how happy are you now ?
What was name of the game that you played when you was a child?
What's the smallest thing you've cried over?
What is something that would be funny if it weren't true?
What is your #1 song on Spotify Wrapped this year?
What was your experience or highlights from your being a latchkey kid, that your parents still don't know about... all these years later?
What gives you meaning in life and how did you find it?
What is your country not famous for but should be?
What, contrary to popular opinion, isn't unknown?
Restaurant workers, what are the clever tricks you do to make the customers buy more food than they could eat?
People who have been cheated on- what was your revenge?
What is the difference between thermodynamics and heat transfer?
What are the best Christmas party games that you have played?
What is something you can’t do but wish you could ?
What is the weirdest thing your parents found you doing?
What is your meaning of life?
Which is your favourit metal band and why?
What are reasons that go agains the new age spirituality movement?
Women of reddit, what personality trait makes a man extremely attractive to you, apart from being confident?
What is your country famous for?
What is a joke you intendead to make your friend smile, but turned them to be more frustrated?
Entrepreneurs if reddit, what is a massive tip for new entrepreneurs?
What makes love feels so bad and painfully?
If each U.S state can evoke one tone, what would it be?
What is something fun you did, but then later you found something out about it that scared the shit out of you?
How would you react if you were at Disneyland snd your significant other kept putting candy wrappers in strangers pockets?
Who is one person you met while traveling that you will never forget?
Texans in Texas of the United States of America, how many guns do you own and how many bullets do you own?
imma be the annoying person and ask: what’s a fun fact about you?
What are possibly dangerous real life memes/memetic warfare that you know?
How did you make someone hate so much?
What are some of the weirdest music/ music genres you’ve ever listened to or heard of?
You have a gun to your head and you have one phone call. If they answer, you die. If they don’t, you’re free. Who will you call?
What’s something you find mediocre but gets too much hype?
What is one skill you wish you'd learnt when you were younger?
Can be anything funny, emotional, deep, sad, motivational, narcissistic. Whatever floats your boat. So, Catchy One liners?
What's the most selfless thing you did?
What do you think is the most embarrassing job?
Therapists of reddit, What are the craziest situations you have heard?
If you had one album you could take with you to a desert island, what would it be?
As an adult, what things do you do that adults really don't do?
What is the worst punishment you have ever received?
Which movie do you think is funny and educative at the same time and should be a must watched?
Redditors who actually like TikTok, how would you convince someone to check it out?
What is the most CRINGE 7 year old You have ever saw ?
What's something you thought was really cool as a kid but now think is lame as an adult?
Which actor/actress you think are over-paid that they don’t deserve?
How do you manage stress?
If you were in charge of gate-keeping the exit to the reality we currently realize, the country, the system(s) the planet, etc., and were limited to only asking three questions that would determine a pass fail situation, what three questions would you ask?
What is your weirdest experience in school?
[Serious] Have you experienced a natural disaster? What happened?
Why do you think that someone's name can affect their personality?
What's your favorite lesser known Australian celebrity/advertising character of the other gender to you and why do you like them?
What made you convert?
What's the best life advice you've ever received?
What's something in the Simpsons that hasn't happened irl yet but you think will probably happen soon?
What is the cringiest lyric of all time?
What’s your favorite memory of your mom?
What are you looking forward to right now?
What is something you still do even though you know you shouldn’t?
What side character completely stole to screen in a TV show or movie?
Who all would let their children (over 25 yrs) live with them as long as they want because they don't want to work or live on their own?
If you're training a new ATC for the airport, do you intentionally throw in ridiculous scenarios (like Godzilla is in the pattern), and if the trainee stops or laughs, do you mark him down for it, why or why not?
Who's your favorite lesser-known artist/band who looked like they were gonna have their big break out in 2020 and have been robbed by the pandemic lockdowns?
Which food mascot would be the scariest to be hunted down and killed by?
What’s the latest drama in your profession?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done to impress someone?
What people do in anime that nobody does in real life?
To the medical peeps of reddit, why does it feel so much better when someone else scratches your itch?
If you had a cartoon/series about your 2021, what would be the opening and ending themes?
You are a mma fighter, what is your walk out song and how do you act?
People who are not passionate by space, Why ?
Who did heron and later had egret?
What’s some (good or bad) dating advice you’ve gotten from a parent or grandparent?
Dear redditors of Reddit, What is the most valuable item you have?
(cannot say religion/God. Boring answers) What is something you believe in as a kid but don't as an adult?
What are your thoughts on Elongated Muskrat?
[Serious] Non-Americans of reddit, what is your "One hospital visit away from becoming homeless" equivalent in your country?
You become fluent in the language of one animal. Which one are you gonna talk to?
People of Reddit why did you get Reddit?
What did you study in college and do you regret choosing it?
What do Americans think of the British?
What is the most stupid thing someone has done in history?
What are some simple questions that tell you a lot about a persons life and who they are?
What is the most awkward moment that has happened between youru parent/family member?
What’s a book that’s not necessarily the best but you want everyone else to read and why?
If you won one million dollars, would it be enough to quit your job and start your own? What would it be?
What are you going to be remembered by?
What are some embarrassing things you did as a kid?
What is the most fucked up thing you have ever said?
What two songs were you shocked to find were by the same artist?
What is something that you witnessed, but wished you didn't see?
Who would win in a dogfight, F35 or F16 assuming that the pilots are of equal skill?
Who had the better gun
Bbq or tomato sauce for the rest of your life which is it?
When and how do you think WW3 will happen?
What's the most thoughtful thing your pet ever did for you?
[Serious] What are the most mysterious websites or other weird internet mysteries?
[serious] transgender people of Reddit, how did you deal with the transphobia on social media ?
Doctors of reddit what is your funniest story?
What’s the name of that one singer that’s a total whore/creep?
What’s something that won’t exist in 2030?
If you could go anywhere in the known universe where would you go ?
What product is your country best known for?
[serious] ex-spy of Reddit, what was the craziest thing you did during your career?
How does one simply get parents medical help when they refuse to do it?
What is your country infamous for?
What is something you wish you never found out ??
What quote accurately describes your country?
If one's brain is completely dead but the body is still alive does that mean one is dead? If one's body is completely destroyed but the brain is still alive does that mean one is alive? If one 's brain is half-dead and the other half is a robotic brain what does it call?
[Serious] How can one survive on 1000 dollars per month in Boston (after rent payment)...looking for some tips?
Redditors who caught their SO cheating via txt, what did the txt say?
Who do you usually ask sensitive questions to?
Is there a way of blocking a subreddit that keeps popping up on your timeline and which you are just not at all interested in?
How do you help someone fit in?
Redittors, how did you lose your virginity and when?
Reddit, what is the scariest youtube video and why?
How is your life so far?
Fellow jobless 22 year olds, what's you life plan and what are waiting for?
If where you live you are asked to find another place for dog or pet, would you go too or would you give up your pet ?
What do you think are the best and the worst parts of reddit?
If you were a transformer, what object will you transform into?
What is the most unnecessary scene in any movie?
What was your best birthday party?
What’s your go to coping skill when feeling sad? [serious]
What is one thing you’ve started doing this year that really helped you?
What would biblical Adam's last name be and why?
Redditors, what is the scariest video you have ever watched (include a link)?
If America was to be divided into two countries, what would be the criteria?
What are some lesser known facts about famous historical personalities?
What’s your favorite movie, and would you still enjoy it if your top reply picks the cast?
What game you enjoy the most and why?
What does P. Diddy feel like when he wakes up?
what is that you are insecure about yourself?
What was an interesting/ funny solution to a problem?
Place your bets! What are your thoughts on the potentiality that Ghislaine Maxwell will walk free and Julien Assange will Die?
Who would be in your perfect threesome?
What is more fulfilling: A normal life or a famous person(doing something creative) life?
Which are some big monopolies, general public is not aware about ?
What is the thing you hate that you love it?
Would you be brave enough to hug a real bear? Why?
Without saying their name, who is your least favorite professional athlete?
Is it possible to use hot water to kill bacteria in a cup that has been "cleaned" with a dirty sponge which has been used to clean dirty shoes beforehand?
What did you do that was illegal but didn't know it was illegal?
Have you ever had a night where you dream about a story or something and it continues onto the next night again?
Which video game is the most difficult in your opinion?
What is your experience: can dating (phase) fail, because you two are (were) not friends?
Santas of Redditt, what is your craziest or funniest experience?
You get to go back to any time you want and send a Text message to one person in order to warn them of something. Who are you texting and what do you tell them?
Why do you agree or disagree with the death penalty?
What’s something that becomes easier as you lose weight? Something that people don’t normally realise?
Who's the most overrated scientist in your opinoin?
Girls of reddit what is the first thing that comes to your mind when you see a guy friend/colleague crying in front of you ??
What’s your top 3 song on Spotify?
What do you really care about?
What's your unpopular food opinion?
What is your favourite question?
What should you know by your mid 20s?
What's the song that makes you feel better?
What does Christopher Walken’s internet search history look like?
How do you deal with a person of shady reputation offering out of the blue to make a suspiciously generous donation to your charity?
How come some people from the south turn out to have neutral American accents—like not all southern-like?
Ever put anything in your butt, what was it?
What single-player video game changed your life?
What do you find has gotten harder as you aged?
What sites for researchers, do think, the most productive for people?
As the technology has progressed very far, what's about the way to solve a broken heart?
Patriarchy has been the norm in almost all agricultural and industrial societies. It has tenaciously weathered political upheavals, social revolutions and economic transformations. I couldn't understand what does "tenaciously weathered political upheavals" means? Can anyone explain?
Have trainers in any branch on the military ever set you up to fail, and how? And can you do anything about it?
[Serious] What do people incorrectly assume about you?
If a TI or drill instructor abused their authority and were dismissed for abuse, do you have recourse if you were part of their flight more than a decade ago, and how do you start if you should?
Mesuggah…..they’ve been around forever. What’s your take?
If world war 3 happens who would start it?
If you could teleport to a video game universe as your desired character, which video game and character would you pick, and why?
People who've recovered from serious illnesses, what's your story?
[Serious] What are you looking forward to right now?
What are some funny phrases to she is the peanut butter to your jelly?
What game should be remade in VR?
What's your opinion on your Reddit Recap?
What is the most stupid thing you've seen someone do?
Whats a movie so bad its good?
You have 24 hour to ruin your worst enemie's life. You have God powers. How do you do it?
What community do you identify with?
Who was the most naive person you have ever encountered?
Which decision was totally worth it in the end?
Ladies: What do you like about Reddit?
[Serious] Russians of Reddit - what is your opinion of the Ukrainian Conflict?
What is your country's most famous dish?
How would your life change if humans had no genitalia?
Let's say this was a safe space, which 'Reddit accepted' narrative you don't agree with and why?
Which insect do you think is the most ewwwwww insect in the world?
What infuriates you at your job?
What's a dream you regret waking up?
Wot triggers vs binary triggers? The difference and which is more like full auto?
What does it mean if your roommate’s gf invites you to go watch a movie together, and then one day she wears just a towel and walks in front of you on her way to the bathroom while your roommate is sleeping?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever been aroused by?
Dear Redditors, what is one time that you performed a good deed but it went unnoticed?
What are you willing to sacrifice for the Truth?
People who had “unexplainable” experience, what happened?
What's something you're insecure about, when in reality, nobody notices?
What's the stupidest thing that's been normalized in the last 5 years?
What the most impossible situation you've got through?
If she already killed his brothers wife, why did she kill Andy, too?
Looking for update: man posted he was going to cut off his own hand and replace with a printed prosthetic! How did that work out?
What is one food you think everyone should try at least once in their life?
What's one thing you want to do before you die?
What game aged poorly?
A rogue black star sweeps through the solar system, flinging Earth away from the Sun. Day and night are normal, but over the course of a few years, the sun will grow steadily dimmer, until it is essentially eternal night. How do you react/behave?
What is something that instantly makes you happy?
What's the simplest thing that you just can't seem to get the hang of?
What's the worst reason someone has ever had from breaking up with you?
What’s something that gets on your nerves but if it suddenly stops you would strangely miss it?
You can temporarily control everyone in the world at once. You can only make them do one thing. What do you do?
What some underrated and charming Holiday movies?
What is a good idea for a vegetarian christmas dinner?
What’s the funniest movie/series character lines in your opinion?
What’s the one thing you can’t live without?
Parents of reddit, what was your "That's it: Back to Winnipeg!" moment?
Where are you from and how much does petrol/gas currently cost?
At which age did you start actually enjoying the taste of alcohol?
what should people be more angry about?
What's an appropriate gift to give to people you work with?
What is the most inhuman action you have ever witnessed?
Someone is stealing your lunch from the office fridge. How do you identify the malefactor?
Which do you prefer for information and why , Podcasts or Books ?
People with aphantasia, how much struggle did you experience creating visual aids for your reports in school, work, etc.?
If your last google search was the name of a store what would you sell?
Last year to now, in what ways have your life changed?
What do you regret doing yesterday?
What’s the best first date you’ve ever been through?
At what point was your life turned sideway?
what are funniest names for wifi connection?
What’s a life hack you wish you knew earlier?
What's the worst, most nonsensical reason you were ever let go from a job you loved?
What's the laziest way to gain financial freedom?
What is Rush’s best song?
What is the most earliest memory you remember? How old where you then?
Can a person’s past make their bad decisions justified? At what point does it become unjustified?
People who hate dad jokes, why do you not like dad jokes?
What the dog doing?
Who do you think deserves the F1 title?
What TV series did you enjoy that nobody enjoyed?
what movie has good conception but executed poorly?
Guys and girls alike, what unique thing do you find attractive in a woman?
What song has lyrics that are totally misunderstood?
What Do You Think Is The Biggest What If? In Movies Or TV?
What's the worstly taken rejection you have witnessed?
What happened years ago that you can still remember vividly?
Why did you leave your first job?
How do we make humanity stop hating each other?
What's the Most Hurtful Thing Someone Said to You?
What have you done that could be considered unforgivable?
[serious] have you ever eaten something rotten/expired? What happened?
Reddit people, what is the most tragic events in history?
Whats the trashiest negative comments you’ve received that’s opposite your actual intentions?
Always being told you need to make big lifestyle changes to save earth is exhausting, What small thing do you do to help the environment?
What is the most absurd thing that's "normal" in today's society?
Who screamed at you, and why?
So if a person were to eat about 300 to 500 calories per day for a month with zero workouts, how much weight would they lose realistically?
What is the weirdest thing that has bit you?
What would be some stuff that you would do when you get rich?
What famous person have you met?
What's the craziest party you've ever been to?
What gets you into the Christmas spirit?
What's something you regret ever saying to someone?
[Serious] What is the scariest thing you ever saw that made you nope the fuck out of the area?
What will you miss the most when its gone?
People who have lost everything due to a catastrophic event, where do you even start to rebuild?
Which country has the best chocolate?
What according to you is the best written episode of your favorite show?
Is there an age you hit where you actually feel like an adult?
What do people say is wholesome but it isn't actually wholesome?
What is the strangest conspiracy theory that was actually true?
what question sounds so dumb that it makes it smart?
How come straight men love bewbs so much?
What's the first thing you think about every morning?
Who's wrongly portrayed as a villain?
People that wanted to off themselves, what saved you from doing so?
If you go to the pornhub comments section, why and why did you start?
How come humans have such a hard time getting along?
What gut feeling made you "Nope" the hell out of a situation?
What's something that only exists in your country?
Everyone talks about having a child changed their life for the better, but how did it change your life for the worse?
Has anyone seen random profiles that post nonsense locations about food, what is going on with them?!
What food sounds disgusting but is actually delicious?
What is your favorite and least favorite part of your December holiday (whatever you celebrate - Christmas, Hanukkah, etc)?
What's something that really shouldn't cost as much as it does even when you factor in materials, production and R&D?
What if humanity goes ultra vegan and force every carnivorous animal to eat vegan food or lab grown meat?
Which movie/tv show title was perfect and innovative ?
What is your country's stereotype?
Which tv family did you wish you were a part of when you were a kid?
Why IN THE HELL is Serj Tankian (and byob of course) not considered a prophet for the song toxicity?
What is your most "precious" item you own?
Cinema workers of ARD, how are movies distributed nowadays?
If someone actually offered to hire you as their “pretend” girlfriend/boyfriend, what would be your conditions before agreeing?
What easy non-monetary contribution can every citizen of your country do once a year to greatly improve your society?
Which quality in people is the most annoying?
Which conspiracy theory do you 100% believe in?
What is the secret that make you dislike your family?
What country are you from and what is the biggest villain from that country you can think of at the moment?
People that wanted to “off” themselves, who is your Guardian angel that saved you?
How do you overcome Acrophobia?
What’s something that wasn’t a big deal at the time, but probably lead to bigger issues later on?
When do cultures no longer represent themselves but instead cater to all instead while becoming a past time ?
What's Something Stupid You Said As A Kid That Haunts You As An Adult?
Vegans of reddit, what do you think about peta?
What celebrity do you like to watch interview clips of when you need to be cheered up?
What’s your first YouTube memory?
What is the worst spoiler you've ever received?
What is your workplace horror story?
What is the most scariest EAS message that you've gotten?
If you consider yourself Christian, should you still have a lifestyle that is of the world? If you think you shouldn't have to keep separate, why do you think that?
What is the most efficient way to be lazy?
What's the laziest way to get work done?
If you haven’t had the covid shots, what will it take for you to get them?
If you had to write notes to your younger self, what would they be?
2021 is coming to an end. What positive changes do you hope to see in 2022?
What is the most important thing in the world to you right now?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What is the biggest challenge you'll ever face?
What is the best animated series?
Gamers of reddit, without mentioning the game, what is the most iconic character you can think of?
What’s the scariest thing to happen to you?
What is your go-to gift exchange present, or what is the best you’ve received?
In 1993 the New York Times published a photograph featuring a Vulture and a Little Girl. This photo caused a sensation in the world over the Sudan Famine, and it eventually won a Pulitzer Price. What Pulitzer / Nobel Peace Prize winner do you remember?
For those of you that hate the sound of chewing - how do you control the irritation and rage you feel when you hear people chewing?
To what lengths would you go to make sure your SO is happy?
Whats the largest cliff you've had to climb?
you wake up as a character in a fetish artists account. what do you do? what is your plan?
What’s something you regret doing with your life so far?/Whats something that you wish you could go back and change?
What’s your biggest regret in life?
What's the smallest thing that still holds you back to this day?
What’s the worst possible way to say someone that you love them?
What star wars villain you would choose to be your roommate?
What celebrity are you related to?
What are your thoughts on LinkedIn?
When was the moment you knew you were truly in love with your significant other?
What is something you bought that you immediately regretted?
What would you take with you to a desert island and why?
What innocent rivalry does your country have with its neighboring countries - and - what kind of innocent banter is said about each other - and - how many years has the countries innocently sparred?
Reddit, What is your country's stereotype?
What do you think is most popular song lyrics of all time?
What is your go to Christmas movie?
What's your worst job interview?
If cartoon characters didn’t have sex, then how could we get new cartoon characters?
Without mentioning the character name, what is the most iconic character you can think of?
You can only pick 3 super powers, one for good, one for only evil and one can only be used on other people. You must be able to die. What are your powers?
What is the most valuable lesson you learned in school?
How do you deal with constantly feeling like everyone thinks you’re annoying?
[Serious] Would you you consider Hentai less damaging than than traditional pornography? Why or why not?
What’s the gift you’re most excited to give this Christmas?
If you had 10 million dollars but only 30 minutes to spend it. What would you buy?
Germany is sometimes called the Fatherland and Russia the Motherland. What is your country sometimes called in the same or a similar style?
Why Microsoft isn’t using their own products (.Net, C#) in their software?
Why haven't Jake Paul or Logan Paul been sued for "fake" boxing?
Gamers of reddit, what game immediately comes to mind when you think of indie games?
You wake up next to your username, how do you react?
What spelling error annoys you the most?
How old are you??
Americans of reddit, which city known to be shady as fuck has some rarely-mentioned positives (such as nice areas, bars, festivals, good music scene, etc.)?
What is something from your childhood that you are still trying to find?
Who is the most annoying/unsanitary anime character that the fandom of the anime madly defends?
What is the best journey song?
Developers that started making games, what is your first game?
How do we know you're not a bot?
Genuine question here, why does this You-tuber named “Liana Jade” have a makeup stain on her face in her YouTube short videos? Is she trying to be quirky or something?
What was your first job, how long did you keep it?
What mistake almost cost you your job?
Those old enough to remember, how did the world celebrate the beginning of the 21st century in the year 2000?
What do you fantasize about the most?
More work buys less with every generation. 60s was 1 income =large house and 4 kids. 90s was 2 incomes = large house 3 kids. Current is 2 incomes = medium house 2 kids. What is the next one? 4 incomes (polyamorous) small house 1 kid?
What is the best reply to "why are you so annoying"?
What is something you learned the hard way?
If you could choose words and took their definitions and apply them to yourself what would they be?
What's your favourite web game(s)/franchise(s) of all time and why?
What was Your Favourite Power Rangers Series and why?
People that accidentally got “famous/ popular” how did it happen?
How do you cope with the craziness of this world?
What indicates to you that you’re safe?
What were your weirdest beliefs as a kid?
What would you do if you were forbidden from making money or accumulating wealth, but were given a budget of up to $1M annually to spend as you please?
What is the best news you've heard all day?
What is the worst thing to hear when you're on a plane?
What’s a story of a time a girl hit on you and you had no idea until later?
what is the best car mod?
People always make jokes about their partner doing it with the mailman, has it ever happened? How’d you find out? What happened?
What’s the worst thing that your parents caught you doing?
What is a good camera / system to use to 24/7 live stream to a website and record clips when motion is detected?
What’s a piece of advice from your line of work?
What's one thing you wish went out of style?
What do you think will never go out of style?
Formerly homeless Redditors who now own your own homes: what did it feel like when you moved in?
Everyone’s different, but what’s something you wish you could change about yourself?
Not anything specific. What random advice would you like to share with all?
To those who have won the lottery: how did your life change? How were your relationships and work life affected?
What is the most psychologically shocking movie you have ever watched?
What are some cool facts that children would be interested in that would cheer them up?
What do YOU consider to be common knowledge?
What are some of the worst cliches in movies?
How can one separate themselves and a family member from a partner's Tmobile phone plan without the partner knowing? What if one has the account pin?
What is the creepiest/scariest thing you’ve ever seen? Paranormal or otherwise?
What's a movie that is great but not enough people have seen it?
[Serious] People who study for school/university and usually have good grades, how do you study?
Whats is your goal in life ?
What is something you'll be okay with admitting here but not IRL?
Realistically, when is GTA 6 coming out?
Reddit, what's a witty funny reply to " come home I miss you" from your girlfriend?
What are from birth on blind people attracted to?
What nationality is Santa Claus?
Those who dislike people for watching gore, why do you hate them?
Android studio or web development, which pays more and which will be more useful in future?
How Much Love Mother?
What TV show has aged really badly?
What is the best response to heyy on a dating app?
What is your favorite sexual fantasy?
What’s something unique in your country that all tourists should eat, visit or try ?
What if the Soviet Union realized "U.S.S.R." has "U.S." in the acronym!?
What's the worst date you have ever been on?
Men of Reddit, what are some 'girly' things you enjoy?
What are your regrets in life?
survivors of abuse, what were your signs of trying to get help/ that you needed help before you were able to reach out and get it?
Should a waiter/waitress just be given regular salary instead of tipped salary (below minimum wage)? Why or why not?
What simple things help you feel better everyday?
How do you spend the holiday season?
Which cover do you enjoy as much as the original song and why?
How often do you clean your house in a week ?
What's the most interesting subreddit according to you?
What are the best traits to attract White People?
What's your stalker story and did it ever got dangerous?
What's something you love to reminisce about but you don't share with anyone else?
What was your first phone?
[Serious][Serious]Correction Delta Applied. What do you want to tell the Aliens who are HERE RIGHT NOW?
What do American's think of about countries of the world?
What’s something that happened this year that really aged like milk?
What’s the biggest inside joke on Reddit?
What movie is visually beautiful, but has few other redeeming qualities?
What is the fastest way to lose friends?
[serious] what is wrong?
What random acts of kindness have you done?
What hungover cure can you wrap as a gift for Christmas?
What would be one of the best ways hinting to someone indirectly that he/she should be "Minding his/her own business" on Facebook?
What is your favorite meal/snack to make in under five minutes?
[SERIOUS] What's something you care about that most people don't?
What the best learning video game you played in school growing up?
What book should've been kept as a standalone?
What's a standalone book that needs a sequel/book 2?
[Serious] Fellow people who think in images rather than in any language, how do you cope with the problem of translating your thoughts to say them?
Fellow Reddit users, without saying the person's name, what historic event is instantly recognized based on the actions of one person?
How is everyone doing today?
How did your ex become your ex?
What is a good way to lose a debate with someone?
Shave/trimming before or after shower?
Who runs the world?
What Time Did You Order Something But Not Get What You Expected?
What is the pettiest thing you have done to a hated colleague at work?
What is a story you would like to tell?
If you could time travel back into time and you could hug one person, who would it be?
[SERIOUS] Forget small talk, what questions are good for actually getting to know someone?
How do the Collison bros own 20% of Stripe, despite receiving so much venture capital?
What is equivalent to the “American dream” in your country?
What are you ashamed of loving?
How did you become more responsible?
What do you get someone for Christmas who already buys everything they want?
What is something completely random that happened to you that you wish were to occur again to you?
What do you think about Facebook's Metaverse?
People who've lived or grown up in the USSR, how was it like?
Has anyone here had a friend who stopped talking to them all of a sudden?
[Serious] What single lifestyle chnage changed your like forever?
How important of a factor is 'happiness' when you make decisions?
What is the worst music that you have ever heard?
Who was someone famous that you grew up with?
What's a definitive sign that you do something WAY too much?
What was something everyone seemed to know, but you didn't until last minute?
What’s your favourite time of the day?
People overseas whats your favorite Australian music or tv show?
People who have tried buttchugging (and somehow still remember it) how was it?
What is your all time favorite song?
What important questions should you ask a partner about her/his past relationship/s?
What does Shrek have to do with J?
If you could hook up with any pornstar, who would that be?
How did the older generation of parents traumatize you as a kid?
How do you view yourself from the perspective of an onlooker?
When was the first time you fapped?
A stranger approaches you on the street and asks you for $1. How do you respond?
If you saw yourself in the eyes of a different person of the opposite gender, or same if homosexual, what would be your feelings towards yourself as that person?
The reserve currency always changes. What do you think will be the next one?
UFOs aside, what’s something you’ve seen that couldn’t be explained?
How do you prevent yourself from catching feeling s from every other girl that you become friends with?
People of Reddit, What are looking forward to for Christmas? And what are u doing to prepare for it?
What do you hate most about yourself?
What's the weirdest thing you can buy on Amazon?
if you were forced to eat breakfast everyday for the rest of your life and had a choice of one item what would it be?
Which magic tricks you truly believe have no practical explanation?
What would you include in a budget charcuterie? Think broke and bougie?
What concept do you think could have the most significant positive impact on humanity?
What are you looking forward to this week?
What is the best advice you can give to someone trying to be financially successful?
If you had all the resources, time and land available to build whatever you want, what would you build?
If your tattoo could give you an ability, what would it be?
What do you do with the end pieces of your bread loaf?
What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
How much is a couple, and how many is a few?
What’s a miracle you experienced or witnessed?
Why do you feel the need to lie?
What are you procrastinating / to scared to do?
What viral video will you never forget?
You’ve been tasked with modernising the names of the 7 days of the week, or the 12 months of the year, which are to be used for centuries to come. What do you rename them to and why?
Enya is adding a moat to her castle- what creatures will she house in the moat?
What's a book/series you absolutely regret reading?
What is a good reason to stay alive? [serious]
You have infinite pocket space, what do you do with it?
When did you learn to read?
What makes good and bad people?
What is the most socially awkward experience you’ve ever had?
What helped you get over heartbreak?
What is your “it gets better” story?
Redditors, What is your most interesting fact about World War 1?
Based on your memory, what was once THE Christmas song before Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You" became so popular?
Why are you up right now?
What do you think the best charity to donate to is?
If you could revive one dead person for only 24 hours, who would it be?
Why are you horny?
Doctors of reddit, what's the weirdest thing someone came into hospital for?
What is that one dream you've had that you'd want to experience in reality?
what’s a seemingly basic thing you can’t do?
Which actor cannot run to literally save their life?
If you had to choose between curing cancer or curing the 'rona, which would you choose?
Who's your favourite youtuber?
What would be the outcome if the whole world was suddenly high on cocaine?
Whats more important in a relationship, love or trust?
You find out your family has left you at home while they went to Paris for vacation. What do you do?
Anyone know how to get the Wearing Is Caring trophies?
Redditors who send unsolicited dick pics, why do you do it?
What is your favorite Holliday movie?
If you could time travel once (past or future) and were guaranteed a return trip to where/when you came from, what would you do?
what do you think germans like the most?
What was the 1st accident you have ever seen as a child?
What should a (first) dog owner prepare for when the big sleep isn’t far away?
What’s your favourite film based on the soundtrack?
Finish the sentence: “it’s not my cup of tea, but I love how…”?
What in the world would change if humans could suddenly fly?
What has someone answered during an interview that cost them the job?
Reddit, what is the freakiest thing you’ve ever witnessed personally that you cannot explain?
What is the biggest misconception about your job?
What was your “this one’s a keeper” moment with your SO?
Asking for a friend, how would you beat a perfect clone of yourself the fastest way possible?
What is the best music score/sound track you know?
What videogame cheat code would you add to real life?
If you could choose one superpower for your significant other what would it it be?
What’s the scariest weather/weather-related emergency you have personally been in?
You piss in the shower, don’t you?
What story/ information/ anything you want to make it to AskReddit Youtube videos?
Which actor/actress can act really well but chooses not to?
When artificial intelligence exceeds general human intelligence what are some unanswered questions you will ask and why?
What do you think the greatest new wave song of all time is and why?
Why was Shrek good?
Non-Russian redditors, what is the first thing you think of when people say "Russia"?
What is that one technology/innovation that you wish existed?
Ever since WW2 the Human Race has been a Watched Race (by Aliens), what do YOU want to tell the Aliens?
What day of the week are you most likely to have sex?
When did you move out of the family home?
If you could control the place of your death, what is the exact location you would choose to die?
People who don’t believe in superstition, What is an experience you had but cannot explain?
What’s your brake-checking story?
Believers and non-believers of Reddit, if you met any version of God for a day, on Earth, what would be the first thing you did, said, or asked?
How do you talk to your gf if it’s Saturday night?
Which movie is a masterpiece that should be watched at least once?
What do people do in movies that nobody does in real life?
What starts with the letter J and is hoping to become part of the team soon?
Which actor do you think is a ticking time bomb?
What’s the worst mistake you’ve made?
People who have pulled the fire alarm for any reason besides a real fire, why?
What’s the most outrageous thing you have ever witnessed in person ?
What are some of your most memorable College stories?
What if you actually saw Dwayne Johnson and The Rock in the same room?
Would you feel comfortable taking your dumps in a bucket for 3 weeks? Why or why not?
Cross-eyed people if Reddit, where would you like us to look?
What animals do you think might deal from mental disorders the most and why?
Who do you instantly think of when you hear the word liar?
What’s a behaviour you’ve outgrown since becoming an adult?
What to write if you would like to just catch up with the ex?
What are things your pet hates?
What's the most American way of preserving wildlife?
What advice would you give but not follow?
What’s something you wish you could unlearn?
What is a universally hated product?
Reddit, what is your prediction for 2022?
Who do you think of when you hear the word cheat?
Teachers of reddit, what is the most awkward thing you've caught a student doing in a zoom meeting?
what you will see in a girl in first date?
Women of Reddit, how does having booba feel?
Who would you not want to confide in?
What is your most defining character trait?
What are some red flags we should look out for while giving a lift to strangers in need on the road?
Bandits invade, taking from the rich and give to the poor, what would happen to you?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? [SERIOUS]
Which sports have the biggest skill/fitness gaps between its professional athletes and its amateur players?
What is something you want to try at least once?
Gamers of reddit, what is your rarest achievement?
Hotel staff of Reddit what's the worst condition you have found a guest left their room in?
What is your strong suit?
What is a musician or musical group that you think is obscure and/or relatively unknown that you feel would blow TFU with a little more good exposure?
man, how fat to when milk?
what would happen if someone were to eat the pardoned turkey?
What's the oddest thing your pet has ever did?
Have you ever slept over (or stayed super past opening hours) in a store that you did not work at/ were just a customer in? How? Why?
What are the best condiments?
What was your favorite moment of 2021?
If you had a kingdom, what sort of ruler would you be?
To the flat Earthers of Reddit, how big do you think Earth actually is?
[Serious] How does budget affect animation in anime ?
What new evolutionary traits will make you dead sexy in 100 years time?
Is morality subjective? Why?
How do you explain nonduality so anyone can understand it?
Redditors, what is something you consider a red flag when on a date ?
Women of reddit, what are your strangest sexual fantasies?
What is a good indicator someone wants you frick off?
Does privacy matter for you? Why?
What is the best thing another student did to you?
what's the closest thing to magic?
Redditor’s who lost their virginity at a young age how did it happen?
What do you think is the worst part of being poor?
Salespeople of Reddit, what should be aware of when buying something?
What was your all time favorite childhood video game?
What is on your Christmas list?
Redditors, that were contacted by press following a post they made,what were the results if any?
What’s the best “Hold my beer” moment you’ve ever seen?
What causes you to experience ASMR?
Which do you prefer and why. Planet Coaster or Roller Coaster Tycoon?
What was the craziest thing in your life?
People of reddit, what celebrities has fallen from grace?
In Hawaii, the lowest level of weed possession is a mere $130 fine, but possession of of drug paraphernalia is a felony with 5 years in prison or a $10,000 fine. Why do you think it's so strict like that?
What problems were there that seemed difficult to solve, but would have made his life easier by providing a chain of command to report to?
Atheists of Reddit, if you don’t believe in Jesus Christ, why are you celebrating His day of birth (Christmas)?
What’s something that could be removed or added to reddit to improve your reddit experience ?
How would you explain your technical job to a non-technical person?
What is the strangest dream you ever had?
People who had LASIK for more than 2 decades, how are your eyes now ?
(Serious) What is something you consider a significant “red flag” when interviewing potential employees?
What are you the CEO of?
What is the most Expensive but useless thing you have gotten and regretted it for your entire life?
What % of your pay would you sacrifice to work from home?
If you could pay anything forward for your worst enemy, what would you pay forward?
What is the scariest experience you've witnessed that has no explanation?
Police officers of reddit what's the weirdest thing you found while sheathing someone?
How did your previous relationship change your life?
Non-Americans do you know what NBC is?
What makes sex so important to you in your relationship or is sex not important to you and why?
What’s your biggest accomplishment of 2021?
TW: What advice would you give to an adult who has parents that deny they were physically, verbally, or emotionally abusive?
What annoys you most during the holidays?
What type of people seem to peek in high school?
How do you make friends in your 30s?
If you put the Pillsbury dough boy in the oven, what kind of food would he bake into?
what's something you very obviously didn't do and someone else very obviously did, but you got punished instead?
Delivery drivers/usps what do you wish more people would gift you during deliveries? Consumers, what do you leave delivery drivers?
What's a dream of yours that you're currently working to?
Trophy Makers, what obviously fake trophy requests have you had to make?
How would it change your life to leave all social media for a length of time(day, week, month etc)?
what are some good thriller movies?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering and why?
How is Christmas celebrated in your family?
What's something you only do or like because your parents did?
What is the most frustrating thing about using online fitness courses?
What is something good things happening in the world right now?
Dogs of Reddit, how's life?
What is the best social media place?
Obsessed people, when or if ever has being overweight saved your life?
What is the last thing you said to somebody? Good or bad?
When do you feel love for humanity?
How would the universe be different if you were the one who created it?
People who actually like their jobs, what do you do?
What's the most poorly thought-out move in history?
Which T.V. Show is Overrated and Why?
What piece of advice would you tell teenage you?
What is the biggest problem in the world right now caused by humanity over hundreds of years?
What is HARDER? Holding your breath under water for 10 minutes or Standing on hot coal bare feet for 1 minute?
What life analogy do you stand by?
What’s the weirdest/creepiest thing that ever happened on a cruise ship?
Dear redditors of Reddit, it is Sunday 9:13, what is the best thing one should do besides going back to sleep?
What is your opinion of the younger kids (10-13) posting vids on TikTok?!
What’s the reason for this group having the dumbest rules?
What do most people do that you don't?
Reddit, for gift ideas, what is the coolest thing you own under $100?
Between available blocked and deleted videos, what are the most viewed videogame OST that you remember?
What one change could do a world of good?
What is the best solution to already added coworkers on social media?
What's your current favorite song?
You just won the presidency election of the United States. Congratulations. What's the first thing you would change?
What's your "Don't tell your mother" story?
You wake up in a hamlet on Pluto. What’s the first thing you do?
What popular saying is full of shit?
What is something you'd say here on Reddit, but never in real life?
What is the purpose of all our struggle?
What’s your favorite tv show go all time ?
You win the a lottery, what is the first big thing you would do?
What was the worst time when you were scared for your life, after googling your symptoms, and was the reality as bad?
What's a hack you wish you came across before?
Why can't contradictions happen in reality?
Women, what can men do to make sex better for you?
What was the weirdest name you saw on Reddit?
What pets do you have?
What if you actually could just shoot a hole into the surface of Mars?
What's the hardest thing you've ever done?
You and 6 video game characters are surviving a zombie outbreak. Who is in your squad?
What should a 14 year old do when they get their first job?
What’s something you grew up eating that you found out was weird to other people?
What’s a place on earth that looks like your on a foreign/alien planet?
What are all the things you want to do in 2022?
What majors should people avoid in college?
What would you do if you only had three hours to complete it?
What's the first thing that goes through your head when you realize you've just lost the game?
What is the most embarassing thing that happened to you in the hospital?
Teachers of Reddit, have you ever failed a student as revenge? If so, why?
What was so bad about Daniel cumming on Issa's face?
How young were you when you first started reddit?
who do you miss and what about this person do you miss the most?
What is your definition of love?
If you could gain an extra body part, what would it be and why?
What scared you as a child but now seems hilarious?
What is your favorite Reddit post or comment of all time?
What song causes you to tear up from happiness?
Has anyone ever met someone who DOESN'T like music?
Social people of reddit, what does it mean to "have a personality"?
What's the most creative curse you have ever heard?
Reasons why people hate Twitter?
What is something that's forgotten until it's mentionned?
Over the course of your life what fictional character have you formed the strongest bond with?
What was a "play stupid games win stupid prizes" moment you experienced or seen?
What is your go-to comeback in a conversation?
Who or what do you always think of while masturbating?
What species do you think will evolve and take over the world as we did, after humans die out?
When and how did you know your significant other was the one?
What brand are you loyal to and why?
Fried chicken lovers of reddit, what chicken part is the best and why?
How did your longest friendship end?
What makes someone a bad person?
Where do you think morality comes from?
What's your thoughts on zodiac signs (sunsign and moonsigns)?
What do you love about your country?
What is something you will NOT be doing in 2022?
What is the best movie that takes place in New York City?
If you had everything you wanted in life, what more would you want?
What’s something on your bucket list?
What’s your favorite show that Netflix canceled way too soon?
What do you think is one piece of advice, regardless of the situation, people should follow?
How common is it for kids to want to run away, especially if they had a "normal" childhood?
People of reddit, what do you want your gravestone to say?
How are Canadians perceived by people in countries other than the United States?
What is your fave cologne/fragrance?
What was your last google search?
What is the most pleasurable part of sex?
For people who go on Christmas vacations where do you go?
People who had a long relationship but broke up, how did you move on from it?
What is the best thing to do after sex?
Why can we be attracted to crazy people?
What does it mean if a guy is fruity?
What is the best way to blow off some steam?
If you can present your life right now with one object, what would it be?
What would your life look like if you didn't need to sleep at all?
Fellow gamers, what is the best game?
What's the creepiest thing you've seen at your workplace?
What's something that you feel you should know by now, but you're just too afraid or awkward to ask?
What’s a scam product you knew was a scam without even buying it or trying it yourself?
You, after all the hard work and pain, finally made your dreams come true. What's next?
What advice would you give to a 21yr old?
What is your dream to be?
What song makes you crazy happy?
What is the difference between No and Not?
Whats the most weirdest thing you or someone you know did that they thought was normal?
What made you lose interest in your hobby?
What species of animals, other than humans, actually have to prepare their food before they consume it?
What does it feel like to be high on edibles?
At what age did you start referring to everyone under 30 as a "kid"?
Self Reflection: What celebrity do you follow the most and why do you follow/ care so much about them?
What is the worst thing to say at a road trip?
What are the best “you messed with the wrong person” moments you have seen?
USA Citizens, what is the most popular news channel?
What is a book movie, only you and a handful of others know about but u still think it's a masterpiece?
What is your "Yes today, Satan" moment?
What is something so good in this world that one life is not enough for?
Who is the next Bill Murray type comedic actor?
What was the best date you went on?
What weird thing do you do that you had no idea others did until someone mentioned it to you?
What is something bogus you would expect to happen if your least favorite family member won a high dollar lottery?
What is the most iconic song for being bad?
Who is the person in your friendship circle that you just can’t quite seem to get along with?
What do people never do in movies that everybody does in real life?
People who quit their jobs this year, what were the reasons you decided to finally quit that job?
What'd be worse, losing control of all of your limbs, or losing control of your penis?
Which rare language are you able to speak?
You just died, now your funeral needs a song and it can only be the last song you listened to. What is your death anthem?
What method worked out for you when trying to find out if your crush has a girlfriend/boyfriend while talking to them?
If you could stop and resume time whenever you wanted, how would you use it?
What do u think of people who like to fart on their food and then eat it?
It’s time to settle the score. Which album is better Live trough this or Nevermind?
[Serious] Kidnapping survivors of Reddit, what's your opinion about Money Heist (La Casa de Papel) and its characters?
When you knew that you were in love, how did that feeling feel like?
[Serious] Where is the most dangerous place you've ever been?
What was the name of the little girl who used to wear makeup and act like a woman for Tv?
[Serious] Which movie did not have the happy ending that you were hoping for?
Millionaires of Reddit: what's it actually like never needing to worry about money?
What's a start-up that you already know would fail?
What's something you'd want to show an alien species to impress them as a human?
What are the most overrated movie according to you?
Which is the best subreddit to post a petition to change the national recycling symbol?
Whats one of the best things about having long hair, And what’s one of the worst things about having long hair?
[Serious] What might be some of the fallout of Ghislaine Maxwell walking free?
Redditors who get anxious/depressed on Christmas, what part of Christmas triggers your anxiety and what’s the story behind it? Do you have a coping strategy?
What makes you say to yourself, "god I love the internet"?
What is your favourite GIF?
What is the craziest thing you have done as a child?
What’s the scariest video you’ve seen on YouTube?
What celebrity who is commonly accepted as gorgeous do you not find attractive and why?
Workers of companies with a bonus structure - Did you get paid your bonus(es) this year and how much was it?
What is something that has aged like a banana?
What did your work give you for Christmas?
Whats a way you got over your crush on your best friend?
What is the safest porn site?
What's your relative's war story?
What personality traits do you think are more common in people who are COVID-19 deniers?
What commercials do you enjoy watching?
What book(s), currently on open sale, do you think will become historically significant?
Everyone told you to watch the "amazing movie", you watched it and hated it, what was it?
What’s the worst way you’ve been led on?
What are less obvious relationship red flags?
What is the best news you've heard this week?
Women of Reddit, what is one thing you’d wish men understood more?
What movies are so good, you’re offended if people mention haven’t seen them?
What’s the best thing to happen to you on a holiday?
Veteran Redditors, what's the most embarrassing/worst thing you had happen to you or witnessed at basic-training?
As a married couple, what is the best way to handle finances? We both have jobs and make good money, is it best for each to have their own account and only have 1 joined account, in which we put money in monthly?
Adults of reddit, what are your biggest dating mistakes?
What are types of people that you cannot stand?
What was a Christmas miracle you’ve experienced like they have in movies?
What’s one thing you’d like too remove from earth?
[Serious] What do you really think of Muslims?
Who’s your favorite parks and rec character?
What is the least likely thing to happen?
Is it weird that a 17yr old male likes to wear suits no matter what occasion and prefers to look and smell good 24/7?
What's the most unlikely or most expensive thing you've seen just thrown away as garbage somewhere?
People who never celebrate Xmas, what do you do in these days?
What's your favorite scene in the Jurassic Park franchise?
What are some quotes that sound inspirational but make absolutely zero sense?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing a student has said to you?
People who have dated co workers, how did it go ?
What's the worst crime committed by somebody you know?
What quote or lyric has stuck by you?
When did you realise that you are the crazy neighbour in the hood?
Why do you think it appears like there's such a huge difference between 5'8" and 5'9" even though it's just one inch?
What sound do you wake up to every day?
How fucked up is fucked up?
People born poor who became rich, how did you do it?
For childfree peoples - Would you date someone who has kids? Why yes and why not?
What is the license for using the story of the birth of jesus christ for commercial purposes?
What are the main ways people validation?
What is the wierdest subreddit you've ever visited?
What is your happiest memory?
What is a dark secret if yours?
What’s your sandwich order at Subway?
What should be the biggest take away of Kim Potter guilty verdict of Daunte Wright shooting?
[Serious] How do you feel about civilians having access to machine guns and the like?
What have you learned about loss - big/small, temporary/permanent?
What is the worst Christmas gift you've ever received?
If you could fix your first relationship, what would you have done differently?
What wish did you make when blowing out the candles on your birthday cake?
What is your favorite lesser known holiday movie?
What would a Christmas miracle look like to you?
Who is the manliest man who ever lived?
What's the most difficult way to make your favorite food?
What is the best movie to watch during the holidays with your whole family?
What are the best playlist names you’ve heard?
What would happen if you caught your child masterbating?
Typically, how much water would you say you drink each day?
What do you do to not be sad at the end of the year being lonely?
People who owned a hamster before, how did your hamster died?
what's the must fucked up wish you've ever wanted?
In 5 words or less, why are you pissed off?
What are signs someone likes you?
What lesson did you have to learn the hard way?
To people raised by parents with two completely different parenting styles, what ended up being the biggest impact on you?
What's the most interesting place you have ever been to an why?
To those who wore them, what are your thoughts on school uniforms?
How does one stop spending all their money?
What's your secret new year's resolution?
Which dead composer/musician would be most pleased to know their music is still enjoyed today?
What would you do if you were given a lot of money as gift?
What are some examples of being a shy extrovert?
What is your height, maintenance calories and weight?
What secret would ruin your life if it ever got out?
When is a time you actually read terms and conditions or rules and regretted it?
What nature means to you and what do u like about it??
What song do you HAVE to let play everytime you stumble across it on the radio?
Fans of Christmas jazz, what can you recommend that’s similar to Oscar Peterson or Vince Guaraldi?
What is the most awkward Christmas you have experienced?
What is something you had as a teenager that you wish you had now?
What Superhero or Villain do you most want to have sex with, and why?
[Serious] Caretakers of Reddit, What is the worse thing an elderly or patients on their deathbed?
What is the greatest decline in behavior you've seen from a teachers pet/prodogy student?
People of reddit, what inspires you?
What is an incredibly stupid law in your country?
Folks who are into monster girls , what makes you look at a drawing and say " thats's hot" ?
On a scale of "I'd rather be deaf" to "I'm obnoxiously caroling right now", how much do you enjoy christmas music?
[Serious] How can you keep your hands busy (hobby) so you dont masturbate anymore?
What is the weirdest thing you have done in school?
Self, Ego, Nafs-what do you know about these notions?
Which movie can you rewatch multiple times without getting bored?
How and when did you get into stock trading?
What is your favorite line from Seinfeld?
What’s your dream job ?
People who work in movie theatres, what's the most unforgettable thing you've seen whilst on shift?
If you were a global dictator, what would you do with your regime?
What do you say at the end of this year to the people who hurt you?
[Serious] What's the best thing to do when a friend is venting to you?
What song gets you in your feels?
What memory with a stranger do you still laugh at?
What's the best rap song ever?
What is your favourite Christmas movie of all time?
Which childish things you still do?
Dear flight attendants, can you actually accept gifts/snacks from passengers? What is the best thing to bring you all especially during Covid?
What good thing is better to never have in the first place, than to have and then lose?
What are some ways your life improved when you started taking healthy eating and fitness seriously?
What made you realize that your significant other was “the one”?
How do you stop your child from doing harakiri prank?
What Is A Dark Secret You Have?
Do others bite their finger nails nonstop while watching certain movies? Why?
What are those advice/insights/tools that worked in the transformation of your life? Please only share the things which you have applied personally kindly do not share anything that you think, have read, heard, or trust will be good but haven't applied personally?
Where is your high school prom date now?
Married redditors, how/when did you know they were the one?
What are some of the dumbest decisions made by characters in the MCU?
What’s a random ‘nugget of information’ you heard somewhere and haven’t since forgotten?
What is your BEST JFK conspiracy theory?
What was your Song of the Year?
How would your life be without music?
What’s the most overrated Christmas movie?
What tips would you give to tourists?
What is the biggest thing that improved when you decided to take your health seriously?
Famous people of Reddit how has your life changed since you became famous?
How is covid were you live?
What are your view points on abortion, and what are some arguments you've heard for the other side?
What’s a Hilarious History Fact?
What’s a super obscure movie or TV series that you love, but no one else ever talks about?
What is a random place in your country?
People who work at liquor stores - do you know which customers are alcoholics or silently judge how often they come in?
What did the quiet kid say that you will never forget?
People who up vote but don't comment, why ?
If trees had nipples, how would your life change?
Which NFT art do you love most?
What is the most toxic thing about this website?
Is incest legal where you live?
UK Redditors, what do you do and what does it pay?
What are people’s thoughts on pigtails?
Women, What is the most unusual place you have masturbated?
What is a youtube channel you watch to relax?
What is your most humiliating sexual fetist?
If you could improve or add a new feature to Reddit, what would it be?
What is seen as ethical today that won’t be seen as such in 50 years?
What active serial killers should people be concerned about?
What's a sentence where you feel like 'an' sounds better than 'a' even though it's technically incorrect?
How come SOME people who aren’t in a relationship get so upset when people ask questions about people who are in a relationship on Reddit?
What is something that most people overreact to it?
If you could eat 1 endangered species, which would it be?
Aside from violence, what's the quickest way to start a fight?
If you have ever been in a pay-it-ahead chain (where some person ahead of you in line paid for your order), what did you do and why?
What’s your favorite sitcom?
Would it be considered murder if a person dies while getting CPR. Incase their rib broke and pierced their heart that would be the cause of death and not heart attack. In this case what would happen to the person who gave cpr?
What would you do if you could never see your kids again?
Anyone who won a “lifetime supply” of something, what did you win? And are they still supplying it to you?
Four-eyed people of Reddit, what are some tips and tricks for keeping your glasses clean?
What are your favourite wine and cheese pairings, and why?
What are some of the best reasons people commit (any) crimes?
Married people of Reddit, how did you and your partner meet?
What's your thoughts on the current state of Reddit?
What are some questions that any answer given is wrong?
What’s your favorite holiday memory?
What is the one Christmas present given to you as the "big surprise" by your family that you did not like?
Your username is your dinner, and you must eat it all, how screwed are you?
What Looney Tunes character would you let ruin your life and give you the deepest of carnal pleasure?
What was your nightmare travel story?
Fitness Trainers of Reddit: are you allowed to date your clients? Male Trainers: how often do you get hit on from your female clients?
When you see a car flying an American flag, what is your first thought?
Saitama 𝘨𝘦𝘯𝘵𝘭𝘺 taps your back. What do you do?
What is the most disturbing response you have seen on this subreddit?
In the spirit of Christmas… As an adult if you could ask Santa for a reasonable gift what would it be and why?
Which kind of students were you in the class?
If you had to give a reason as to why the 2020 US Presidential election was stolen, what would it be?
State Male or Female. What is your most liked position in sex and why ?
What are your country's traditions for celebrating Christmas?
Have you ever had that animal instinct that something is wrong? If so, what's your story?
In your opinion, which movie portrays police officers in the most accurate way?
You get to invent a new piece for the chessboard. What is it called, and how does it move?
Michael Jackson once saw his mother kiss Santa Claus and it messed him up for life. What event has had a similar affect on you?
When was a time you were an employee at a store or restaurant, CLEARLY on a lunch break, but a customer still asked you for help or to do something for them? How did you react?
When did you notice your sexual attraction to the opposite/same sex and when did you realize you would want to have sex?
Who was the worst teacher ever?
What is the funniest Christmas Present that you've ever seen?
What is the best Christmas present that you've ever received?
Will the mcu after endgame be good or should they stop why or why not?
What would you do to enjoy a christmas spent alone?
What is the one food/meal you love that most people don’t even know about?
If you came up on a silver ‘07 VW Beetle that doesn’t drive, and you don’t need it to, what fun thing could you do to make the most of it?
[Serious] People who've been online dating, how did it play out/what got you into the relationship?
Deaf people of reddit, what is the dumbest way someone has tried to "talk" to you or substitute sign language for?
What is the worst case of food poisoning you have experienced, and did you give up that type of food for a while?
Which video game universe would absolutely suck if you found yourself trapped in it?
What was something that you did that you still feel gulity about?
Upset people of Reddit, what is upsetting you? Lemme guess, someone stole your sweetroll?
What is taking you longer to achieve than it did your peers and how does that affect your self-esteem?
What is a good last minute Christmas gift?
What's a small accomplishment that you like to boast about?
What is a disadvantage of being the youngest child?
What is the greatest sandwich in existence?
Given that Christmas it right around the corner, what is the one gift you would want more than anything else?
What is, in your opinion, the scariest/creepiest movie ever?
Redditors what are some of your new year's resolutions?
Reddit, what movie did you hate the first time you watched, but wound up being a cherished favorite?
What influences the development of ur personality?
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what are some crazy encounters and experiences you have had on your routes, especially this time of year?
What is your favorite episode from your favorite TV show?
What's the wisest advice anyone has ever given you, that's helped you particularly the most?
If Life Had a Main Menu what whould the music in the background be?
What’s something technically illegal that people do everyday?
What's the best gift for Christmas?
Have you ever smiled at someone in public, and why?
What was a time when your attempt to "work smarter, not harder" went very wrong?
What’s the most fascinating user profile you stumbled up in Reddit and why ?
Who is that one celebrity that absolutely gets on your nerves?
What is a crime you commited that you were never convicted for?
If we love our dear ones more than ourselves, why don’t we kill ourselves when they die?
In China they have a term called ‘lying flat’ , what are the signs we have this in America too ?
People who are part of "weird" fandoms, like furries, anime, and other things, what is something that made even you think that a particular fan was just weird?
A lot of people swear by open relationships. Do you think you could be engaged in a loving and healthy relationship while sleeping with other people? Why or why not?
Best marriage insight: What do you wish someone told you before you got married?
Which celebrity has the most annoying voice?
What is a vicious lie you once said, but don't regret it?
What do you do to cope with stress during the holidays?
[Serious] Women who really like the single dad fantasy, when did you discover that you liked that?
What’s a supposedly “little-known” fact that really isn’t?
If you had to choose one charity to receive a 1 million dollars, which would it be?
What's your favorite videogame that you don't personally know anyone else who plays it?
What’s something that when it was made illegal made you say “Wait, it wasn’t already?”
What is your creepiest true Christmas story?
What is the most illegal thing that you've ever done ?
People who identify as neoliberal, why do you support open borders?
What happens during sex?
What were some examples when boycotting made a change or a significant difference in something?
What's a villain that steals the show?
What’s the most memorable gift you’ve ever received?
Amazon workers of Reddit, what were the strangest orders you had to handle ?
You have to enter battle with a Pink Frosted Sprinkled Donut. What do you do?
How do you get back at your friend who spoils movies and games for you?
What are some great acting performances in terrible movies?
What show are you currently binging?
If you could do whatever you wanted then why wouldn't you?
Are you on the naughty or nice list this year? Why?
If your significant other insisted on a threesome to save your relationship, but let you choose the third party, would you agree? Why?
What do you consider to be too big of an age gap between two adult lovers?
If you were allowed one prayer for another that would be answered, who would you pray for?
Who do you want to poke with a stick, in a nice way?
What is the biggest flaw in our modern society?
Who would you turn into an NFT?
What was the most stupid question you saw in this subreddit?
What's your New Year's resolution?
If you could save only 2 games in a bunker what would they be?
What is considered the single biggest (yet legal) dick move in your favored sport?
When waiting for something to happen for a long time
What is your favorite Christmas goodie?
What’s the wildest rockstar/groupie story you’ve ever heard?
What is the worst bathroom you’ve been in?
What are some ways to quickly reduce anxiety & panic before meeting someone new for the first time?
People who have bought timeshares and regretted it, what happned?
Reddit, what are some little pleasures of life that you enjoy?
What is your favorite Christmas song?
What are you looking forward to doing in 2022?
Girls, who is the best himbo and why?
If you were one of the seven dwarfs, which one would be you?
You suddenly have any superpower you want but anybody that replies to your comment can choose your weakness what’s your superpower?
what have you recently discovered you've been doing wrong your whole life?
9-5 workers, how many hours a day are you actually productive?
Can you somehow retrive a deleted video from MediaFire if it was deleted by them because of inactivity?
What are you in the 99% of?
What if you had sweaty balls in your face!?
Americans of Reddit, what is some great places to visit besides New York and Los Angeles that is crap?
Everyone has at least one talent, what is yours?
If you had to give yourself a title such as “The Picky Eater”, what would your “The BLANK” title be to describe yourself?
People in bands, what is a song you would love to cover but never will because it has been done to death?
Using everyone who is still alive today, who's sudden death would impact the world the most?
What is one thing you did this year that makes you feel good about yourself?
Which song calms you down?
"Too woke" - What does that even mean?
What did you try to eat and immediately regretted?
You just murdered someone. How do you dispose of the body?
What its it like going to church where mother fuckers can actually sing?
What was it that you’ve done that made you the maddest at yourself?
What is the pineapple-on-pizza of Christmas songs?
What gift do you get for someone who’ll be spending Christmas in the hospital?
When you drink a beverage, do you habitually drink all of it or leave some in the glass? Why?
Fast food workers, when you have to remake another burger when an order gets messed up, what happens with the original burger?
If every member of congress had to participate in a reality show, which show would it be and how would you want it to go?
What song are you tired of hearing on the radio?
What movie/TV show could you show to wizards/witches in Harry Potter to possibly prove Muggle’s lives are equally as exciting as magic lives?
Anyone else not in the mood for Christmas? Do you have a specific reason why?
What was the weirdest dream you've had?
What is the best advice someone has given you?
What is paradise to you?
Would you live long enough to see the 22nd century? If yes why and how?
If you could travel back to any given year with all your current memories and change your life from that point on, which year would it be and why?
Reddit, when did you first realise you were in love with your partner?
If you could say something and the entire world would be able to hear it, what would it be?
What are some fun things you can do on the street?
If you could go back in time to March 1st, 2020 and tell yourself one thing, what would it be?
What are some good podcasts?
Just got ungrounded what’s the dumbest thing u got grounded for?
your worst enemy has just died, how do you react?
Who’s your favorite Friends character and why?
Which fast food restaurant has the best lemonade?
People who are on HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy), what is your experience?
People whose parents or SOs are Karens, what's the most embarrassing situation they've dragged you into?
If you could choose one disease that you could cure magically, which one would it be - except for COVID-19 - and why?
What did your childhood cartoon teach you?
People who got married in Vegas, how did it happen & how did it end up?
When do you open the christmas gifts? christmas eve or christmas morning?
What did you actually understand when you got older?
Men of Reddit: if you were turned into a female for a day, what would you do?
Which animal would make the best U.S president, and why?
Who is the creepiest person in your family you exposed?
If you had $1200 to spend (after airfare), where would be some unique and inexpensive places to visit in Europe for a week?
What's your "...and then everybody clapped" story?
What is your favourite TV show of 2021?
What's the first thing you would do if you turned into the opposite gender for a day?
What would your super villain name be and what would you be after?
Modern society tells us Whites are the oppressors and Blacks are the oppressed but women are oppressed and the men are the oppressors so where does the Black Man or the white women stand?
What's your primary source of motivation?
What skills do you have that you feel proud about,but can never showcase?
People seek revenge to make themselves feel better after being wronged, but what do people actually feel after they have exacted revenge on someone?
Men of Reddit, when was your last awkward boner?
What is something people think is a fact but is really just a widely accepted opinion?
What is the most savage violation you have ever witnessed?
Whats a great underrated movie you'd recommend?
What’s your primary curse word?
Which was your funniest gift?
If you could choose one superpower, what would it be and what would you use it for?
Have you ever seen a normally kind, chill person just snap? What happened?
Who is a person that is stuck in your memory for some reason?
What are some good books that are free on audible?
so while taking a bath, do you stand in a way that you could see the shower or do you turn your back towards it?
Are there cases of old people trying to die in someone’s house like in that King of the Hill episode? If so, how often do things like that happen?
What, during our current time-line, do you think will have it's own chapter in history books?
What's your all time favorite videogame?
What did you do as a kid that you still feel bad about?
Ladies in your eyes, whom would you call a quality man?
What are some interesting recent developments in music?
What is the craziest anecdote you've got to share?
Former children of reddit, what things should a good parent refrain from doing?
What video game did you feel the most satisfaction from completing?
[Serious] What actor was so convincing in their role that you thought they actually were what they portrayed?
What are some movies/shows to avoid this weekend, why?
What are some things changing in the world around you that you find distasteful?
What's something you've always done that you considered perfectly normal, only to recently discover that it was not?
What is a niche interest you have you could talk hours about?
What is legal, but a borderline scam?
What is the main source of happiness in life? Could it be money?
What is the best snack for the movie theater besides popcorn?
What's your view on veganism?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience? If so what was it?
If you could use a sound effect everytime you cum, what sound effect would it be?
What’s a product that exists now but will serve no use in the next 20 years?
What's the coolest superhero idea you've came up with?
What are some things you can use a broom for?
What is the best way to eat ice cream?
How did you get your shit together??
Doctors of Reddit: How are you doing when it comes to student loan debt?
Girls, do you actually find guys with muscular bodies attractive, or is that just something we see in shows and movies, if yes is it anything in particular (forearms, biceps, abs etc.)?
Men of Reddit what’s your story of a woman-child aka girl version of a man-child ?
What movie best describes your life at this moment?
What is your opinion on Kim Potter being convicted on all charges? Do you think this will bring about police reform?
Where can you buy Jinro neon signs without having to buy them in bundles of 50?
If you were born in the 1500s, what profession would you not want to be?
What are some things you can eat off the ground?
What are things the leftiest Democrat and the rightiest Republican can agree on?
What is socially acceptable but not in your family?
Which late non-religious figure would say is the most well-known on earth and why?
What tradition from your culture do you find strange and cringe away from people who do it?
What do you think the world will be like in 5 years?
the last thing that you stretch on google is how you are going to die, how are you going to die?
Which song always makes you dwell in nostalgia?
Which company will be the next Enron?
What video games could have ended in 10 minutes, if the main character wasn't so stupid?
What are ways to remove oneself from reddit permanently so you never have access to the site on your computer?
[Serious] Is there info on how many autcpsies have been performed on ccvid death victims? Seems interesting in 1919 they [experts] only had 8398 autcpsy reports to study, and by their own admission it was "few" reports. Hoping they are performing a radical amount of autcpsies this time around?
People who make $100k per year, what is your job and what do you do on a daily basis?
What is the secret to Twitter success?
what are the most memorable moments in 2021?
What is difference between individual and majority?
What is something that you thought you'd be better at by now?
Gingers of Reddit, what is the weirdest misconception or question you’ve gotten from other people?
You get to replace one classic holiday with one you've made up. What do you replace and what is your holiday?
How do you get over buyers remorse?
If you was a famous singer, what would be your last song before you retire or die?
what do you want to see in 2021 youtube rewind?
What would be your villain name and origin story?
What is a hidden secret that you have ?
What is the farthest you have gone to prove a point?
What's a web site that sells defective or returns at a good price?
When was the last time that some asked?
What is one thing you hate about yourself ?
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said to you/someone you know?
What is the deal with all the daddy/daughter and mommy/son role play how does that turn anyone on?
What is one thing that you are proud of yourself ?
What was the hardest work you did, but then realise that it was useless?
What is perfectly normal to do when you’re home, but considered weird as soon as you walk out the front door?
Why are you so sexy ?
What would be your last words?
What would be the first thing you did if you became a millionaire?
To the men and woman who are serving in the military or have served, what made you join up?
What’s your favorite holiday movie and why?
What part of the ancient Internet do you miss most and why?
What’s better than sex?
What was the best time when you faked it until you maked it?
What defines a personality to you?
What mundane thing in your life are you irrationally paranoid about?
Non-Americans: what freedoms do Americans take for granted?
What do you look forward to eating the most during Christmas dinner?
What's something that goes on behind the scenes of where you work that most people don't know about?
What are your weekly working hours ?
What’s a reason a guy wouldn’t want to be seen in public with the girl he is seeing if she is not fat, ugly, nor has behavioural issues?
What's a story you think is interesting enough to talk about?
What are some questions asked on Reddit that some may consider ridiculous?
What is a gift you recieved that you will never forget?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you choose as a dinner guest and why?
What’s the most disturbing experiment you know of?
What do you eat on Christmas Eve?
Hey people! What's your favorit sextoy for men? Solo or couple?
What the dumbest name you’ve seen a baby named?
What’s the most fucked up thing you’ve ever done and regret?
You Get A Butler Who Will Do Anything You Say As Long As He Gets To Live In Your House, But He's Very Unerving Uncomfortable To Be Around. Do You Accept Or Decline? And If You Do Accept What Do You Make Him Do?
What SHOULD you be doing right now instead of scrolling on Reddit?
[Serious] What's the worst rumor that you spread in school that turned out to be true?
What do you think will ultimately happen to Covid 19? Will it become endemic, or do we still stand a chance to eradicate it, and if so, is it worth it to try? [serious]
What is the most nutritious part of a gaming PC?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever given anyone?
[serious] What makes people turn to terrorism besides Religion?
In the spirit of Christmas, what made your heart grow 3 sizes?
What popular movie/show have you never watched?
What's the worse Christmas gift you've ever received?
People of Reddit who was a famous person you worked with that was the total opposite of what you thought?
What's the one piece of clothing you wear that drastically changes how people interact with you?
What if elon musk wanted you dead?
What does your body do that you're not sure anyone else's body does it too?
When did you stop believing in Santa?
You wake up on a remote island, and everything from your bedroom has been taken with you. How would you survive?
Which is the one song that brings you peace when you're feeling down?
Whats the most disrespectful way someone in the comments has corrected your spelling or grammar mistakes?
What was the most embarrassing moment you've ever lived?
What has somebody said to you that has stuck with you to this day?
What is a less known fact which you don't want to share with others, because you might fuck their mind?
What are few of the best song lyrics?
What movie would you most want to watch in a choose-your-own-adventure format?
What big old drama did everyone forget about and never got a resolve?
Childfree people: what reasons don't you want to have kids?
Psychologists of Reddit, what are your thoughts on The Matrix series?
Why do you think a new Matrix movie was needed?
Would you do an ass eating train with your wife's exes why or why not?
How were you able to forgive somebody who caused you trauma?
Have you ever gotten an “off” feeling about someone everyone seemed to like, what happened?
What would you like out of Santa’s sack?
You get to rid the world of one tangible thing (nothing like debt that can accumulate again), not just remove it, but also any memory of it, what would it be?
What actor do you think really should be appreciated more?
What do you do if you're completely alone for the holidays?
Who are you most afraid of?
People of Reddit, how does it feel knowing that you voted for that opportunistic corporate sleaze, Wendell Willkie?
What is the funniest for you, extremely niche joke from your field of work/workplace ?
What is your favourite Christmas memory?
How do you stop feeling like whatever you do is worthless and meaningless?
[Serious] People of Reddit, what are you dreading regarding the end of the year and Christmas?
What do you want this holiday?
What’s the worst smell in the entire world?
What’s the stupidest saying in the world?
Millennials, now that your kids are teenagers or soon to be, what worries you about their near future the most?
What is something that you've always wanted to do but never had the time to?
[Serious] Non-atheists, what is you favorite religion and why?
What's the most fucked up thing you experienced as a kid but didn't realize till you became older??
What’s the dumbest thing someone’s ever asked you?
What is a show that you watched which so good you felt genuinely sad when it was over?
What is the most value for money thing you would suggest someone?
What game shouldn't exist but still does?
What odd or unusual Christmas traditions does your family practice?
What was you most embarassing dating memory?
People of Reddit, what’s the one family Christmas tradition you miss?
If you could have any street/road/avenue changed to be re-named after you - which would you pick?
Which subreddits have the worst people? Most annoying and/or most morally bankrupt?
What’s the most shameful thing you’ve ever done?
If it’s mother nature, and father time, who are their children?
What colour perfectly defines the letter 7 and why?
What advice would you give Onlyfans content creators as a subscriber and consumer?
What's the quickest way to ruin Christmas for you?
Titanfall 3 pilots of reddit, BTx2 main here, how do you fight back against the enemy teams Minerva when sonar core is active?
[serious] Where are some good places to meet Mexican females in Kalamazoo Michigan?
What’s your horrible Christmas story?
What was the stupidest thing you have done as a child/teen?
What is the favourite thing about your significant other that always makes you smile?
People who live in country's other then the us, dose your country have American restaurants? If so what are they like?
What lights are you using this Christmas?
What's the correct word? Christmas or Xmas?
Happy Festivus. What grievances do you need to air?
What’s your toxic trait?
Job applicants who walked out on an interview, what happened?
What is the thing from a video game series or movie that you would bring to real life to make it funnier?
Many schools and employment requiring COVID shots for school or work, would you do the same? Explain why or why not?
What's open Christmas day in your part of the world?
What is the best stock broker?
Superstitious sports fans of reddit what is the wierdest thing you have done that actually worked?
What book caused you to fall in love with reading?
What caused you depression and how are you dealing with it?
What's something you got away with doing that you definitely shouldn't have gotten away with doing?
What is normal to leave out for santa in your country?
Flat Earth believers of Reddit, can you prove the Earth is flat? As if you’re trying to TEACH rather than convince someone who knows absolutely nothing. How can you factually convince everyone it is flat?
(NSFW) Since guys find girl on girl hot do girls find guy on guy hot? If so why?
[Serious] Do women think that it’s sexy when guys come?
In the context of 'avoiding getting mugged'/'staying safe in big cities', what does 'Use your common sense' mean?
How do you enjoy life??
How do you recycle an expired (but full) fire extinguisher?
Ladies of Reddit; If you wear a revealing bikini on the beach because you know you look hot in it, what is the appropriate etiquette for guys to notice you but not come off as creepy doing it?
What is the best American Whiskey?
Who do you think is sexier than Megan Fox?
What would you do if you were alone on the earth for exactly one year, everyone will return at the beginning of the next year?
Why do you use so much toilet paper in a week?
Out of the Paul’s (Logan and jake) who do we hate again and why?
What have most people been convinced is necessary when it absolutely isn’t?
How do you start your own sub reddit?
What's the best piece of cinema you've seen in the last 3 years?
What’s your favorite gift you’ve ever gotten?
What is your opinion on meta verse?
What happened at the Christmas Party that you will never forget?
What's something you hate about yourself but don't wanna make change it?
What is the worst gas station food that you have ever eaten?
What do you love more than anything?
Flight attendants of Reddit, how well are planes really cleaned since Covid started?
If you were at one point poor in your twenties,what did you do that improved your finances?
What great song is diminished for you because of the ending?
What’s something that’s slowly dying off/ disappearing ?
People who voted for Alf Landon, why?
What does it take to become a millionaire?
What was your reaction when you got into your dream college/company?
Life hands you a box of things you have dearly missed. What do you grab first?
[Serious] Bucket list, what is the funnest thing you've ever done and what one thing do you want to do in your lifetime?
Redditors, what popular Christmas song do you dislike?
What is by far the dumbest thing you have done/ seen someone do?
What do you think is the worst crime that someone can commit and why?
What was the most happiest day of your life?
Writers of Reddit. What propelled you to want to write?
What is something you did as a kid that still haunts you with embarrassment to this day?
What's your favourite "alternative-brand" food & drink?
What musician living or dead could compete with Michael Jackson hit for hit in a verzuz?
What do you think would happen if a newly elected pope declared that he was selling the vast majority of the Vatican’s treasures and opulent decor to finance homeless shelters?
Was there a time in your life that you felt frozen in time? just being empty? If yes, how did you get past it?
It's a long shot, but if you happened to be in the crowd that witnessed the Beatles' rooftop concert, what was it like?
You get 1 billion dollars, on the 1 condition that you'll be in your own reality tv show for the rest of your life. Would you do it and why?
Which other villains suffered from "Borg syndrome", i.e. being designed so well for the first appearance that every subsequent story only diminished the effect?
What's your Karen story with a Good Ending ?
In the British programme “Virtually Home” what software do they use to show and design peoples homes ?
Often animals work together with small but important things, What animals would scare you if they started working together?
what do people often see as green flags but are actually major red flags?
what do you need to get off your chest this week?
When someone says they spent 10+ hours editing a photo - what are they actually doing that's taking so long?
How do you think the world would be different if the Confederate states of America won the American civil war?
What is something no one should have had to tell you, but you wish someone did?
What do you remind yourself to do in order to be a good friend?
What is the absolute worst gift to give/receive on Christmas?
To all taxi/Uber drivers, what usually happened when someone told you to "follow that car"?
what is normal in movies but fake in real life?
If you could tell virgin you one thing what would you tell them?
What is one thing people waste so much money onThat concerns you?
What is the reason it is so taboo to discuss any kind of violent urges?
If all the loose sand in egypt disappeared, do you think we would find lots more buildings and things? Also why aernt we digging around there more?
[Serious] Why have you decided to get the COVID-19 vaccine?
How did you find out you're in love with someone?
What's the difference between BA Psychology and BSc Psychology?
What is a movie or book that made a large impact on you, changed your way of thinking or just left you spellbound, crying, laughing or just numb?
What is the best thing your terrible ex ever did in your relationship?
What, ideologically, is the main difference between US democrats and republicans?
What's your favorite real time strategy game and why?
What is your greatest/funniest edible story?
If you were to choose the new national anthem for your country, what song would you choose and why?
Is there one person you'd go back into their childhood to kill? Why?
What's the most hurtful thing your partner did and you forgave them/still with them ?
What’s your “We have to be living in a simulation” moment?
How are we as a society supposed to get past color when people literally judge you based on your text message color?
If the oceans floods one day, how would the word face it?
Have you ever felt like your life didn't make any sense? If so, what did you do to feel better?
In case mask mandates return, do you believe it’s the right thing to do? Explain why you’re in favor in opposition of this?
What are some ironically, sarcastically or dark humorously funny fake quotes you can make up?
Will Reddit’s upcoming IPO moon and why?
What Are Some Things That People Don’t Realise Would Happen In WW3?
What is your favorite memory during the dial-up Internet era?
Redditors, how did it feel like when your dog passed away? How did you get over it?
What is a country(or region) in the world that can genuinely be considered a great place to live in terms of being well governed, cheap, safe, low crime rate, great health care, good education system, etc? Basically a place that would take anyone a while to come up with any negatives about it?
What was the most interesting thing a school teacher did during your childhood?
What has been your most embarrassing moment at work?
What is a wise quote that has helped you in life?
What is the best TV movie?
how big do u think minecraft steves cock and balls are?
What are some of your biggest doubts or fears for 2022, why?
People who are starting their Christmas shopping today, what are you shopping for and how do you feel the last minute experience?
How do you feel when you are selling your house and a buyer asks to buy your home and all your furniture in it?
Would jurrassic park be a good or bad idea? Why?
How you politely ask someone to fuck off?
[Serious] What are some mythological creatures people should avoid talking about?
What accomplishment are you most proud of in 2021?
What is your Christmas Eve tradition?
Who’s the most famous person that you went to school with?
If your death made the news, what would be the headline?
Some scientists in the Netherlands and Spain have concluded in studies that marijuana with more than 15% THC has addictive qualities on par with cocaine and heroin. What are your thoughts on this information?
Everyone around you suddenly acts like the stereotype of themselves. What would your day be like?
What’s the highest paying job you quit and why?
What do you wish would happen more during the Holiday season?
Cake designers if reddit, what was the weirdest thing a customer asked to be written on a cake?
People of Reddit, what are your plans for this Christmas?
When did actually listening to the safety announcement on a place save you from serious harm or your life?
Users of Reddit, what is the worst thing you've ever done?
What's the worst way you broke up with someone or someone has broken up with you?
[Serious] What motivates you to keep living?
Those of you who have given coal (or your equivalent) to a child for Christmas, what was the reaction?
What's the most evil company?
What’s your favorite Christmas horror movie and why?
Who’s an artist everybody loves but you find annoying?
Are there any non-Western cities that have a climate that's similar to Vancouver, Canada? If so, which ones?
Redditors with OCD: What advise can you share for friends and family members trying to help someone with OCD or intrusive thoughts?
What’s a food/meal your family loves but you absolutely hate?
If only one sport could exist, what sport would you want it to be and why?
What interesting story has an immigrant shared with you about their home/culture?
What's your: "damn I am fucked!" Story?
What’s something you really wanted as a kid and are still pissed at your parents for not getting it for you?
What happens when we all forgot what money is, and share everything we have with everyone?
What was the worst interruption you experienced at a movie theater?
What’s the strangest or unexplainable thing you’ve seen at sea/body of water?
What's a good mustache style lips and chin?
What If our parents never had sex, would we be born out of our mother or out of our father having sex with someone else?
How did you get your first kiss? How did it feel, who was the person you did it with to you, were there any funny/weird things that happen?
If you encountered an alien what is the first thing you would ask them?
Who is your idol ? Why?
What’s the most useless thing that exists?
What to do when games aren't fun anymore?
What is the most significant technological advancement or invention made within the last five years?
What do you avoid now, given the pandemic, that you used to enjoy pre-pandemic?
What are the most intense, emotional classical music pieces?
Scrooges of Reddit, what's your most hated Christmas song and why?
What do you call your pet?
What is something you shouldn't have seen but never told anyone about it?
What if ignorance never existed?
What is the best advice you have ever received and will forever pass forward?
What is the worst physical pain you have ever experienced?
If you can still remember, what are your funniest childhood memories?
For those who lost a parent at a young age or years ago - how do you keep your memory of them alive?
What’s your equivalent question to “Do you look after you wipe?”
Have you had any direct supernatural experiences? If so, how did it go?
What are some truths/patterns you’ve learned about people throughout your life?
What is the most ridicilous porn lore you've come across?
Who did you lose to Covid in 2021, and how bad does it hurt?
If you could add one new holiday to the US calendar, what would it be?
what’s your favourite quote?
People who feel like losers, why?
Who is a legendary person in general, why?
What does ngl mean?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve caught a student doing?
What’s the funniest red flag from your worst relationship?
What TV series had the worst ending?
What is one thing where no matter how many times you do it, you don't seem to get any better at it?
What kind of horror story scared you as a child?
What was the worst job you have ever worked? And why?
What’s the biggest lie you were able to convince someone of?
What is some words inappropriate in your language but seems nothing to English language?
What according to you is reddit?
Why are you scared of the "Elf on the Shelf"? And how common is the tradition in your country?
What's a social media trend that started in 2021 that you can't stand?
What is the loud minority of your favorite community?
What is the most valuable thing in your life?
How much capital cost and people would it take to fund Santa’s operation?
What is a free online resource you which is unique/not that most people know of?
Which artist's song you heard once and got hooked to them for all their songs?
What is a popular "foreign food type" in your country... and which country are you in?
For those who had/have frequent seizures, what’s the first thing you want to hear/done when you reorient?
People who moved in with their best friends, how did it go? Are you still friends?
What do you consider the most fun thing to do?
College admissions counselors of Reddit, how much do essays matter for admissions?
What’s the most annoying thing your roommate has ever done?
What is your experience with a supernatural occurrence?
Honestly and curiously asking, what exactly are conservatives conserving?
What is an item of common knowledge that you found out about embarrassingly late?
What is the weirdest food craving you have ever had?
What is your favourite Movie song out of the 80s?
Is getting stabbed lethal even if there are magical surgeons around who could heal you up in a second?
Today I learned that in pest control, "it's *always* termite frass", and in IT, we have "it's *always* DNS" ... what "it's *always*" anecdotal truths are there in your professions or hobbies?
Do people actually "laugh out loud" when they say things like lol or lmao?
What has changed since 2018?
What would your reaction be if you attended a masked orgy and you somehow found out that you had sex with a close relation?
The thing next to you gets punched. What is it?
Do you believe luck truly exists, why or why not?
How different would the world be if Facebook kept its original requirement of being enrolled at an ivy league university to sign up?
What is the most badass moment you have ever witnessed?
What is your most romantic memory?
What’s your hot take?
What's one of the dumbest verses you've heard in a song?
What is something that you “do for yourself and not for others”?
What does the sci-fi universe need to have, based on permanent-quarantine?
What are some stereotypes people not from the USA have about USA/Americans?
What's a movie with a terrible premise but a great execution?
What is something people don't realise about celebrities?
What is insanely expensive but could be for free in the nature?
how did you meet your best friend?
Which movie, which is not a video game adaptation, could, with little change, impersonate one?
When has a wet dream fucked up your day?
What over 50 celebrity would you choose to spend the night with?
What is the weirdest way you hooked up with someone?
[Serious] Redditors who found out they were dating a sociopath/psychopath, what were some of the signs?
Car cleaners of Reddit, what are some of the strange things you’ve found in customer’s cars?
What is your "it's not what it looks like" story?
What movie do you watch every year, and why?
What is your favorite non-traditional Christmas movie?
After Another Year of Insanity, What Is The Best Thing That Happened To You In 2021?
How do we decide which animals deserve our love?
What do you know that you shouldn't know?
How do "price mistakes" happen with online retail stores?
[Serious] When did you see something you weren't sure was criminal activity or not?
If you could turn this world into an idyllic Utopia, ending all suffering everywhere, but you had to die a slow and painful death to make it happen, would you? Why or why not?
What really makes a man attractive?
What is the worst thing about the Kardashians?
What‘s a nice thing you do, but nobody notices?
What is your top online dating tip?
What got you started on eating pizza with ranch?
What country do you live in?
At what point after repeatedly failing should a person give up?
What was your worst Baber shop experience?
What are some interesting sub-reddits?
Women of Reddit, what is your favourite fragrance for a Man?
If you “had” to drink beer for breakfast what would be a good beer to drink?
Why were people upset about season 2 of Ted lasso?
Are there people you can go to where they tell you how to improve the way you look?
What's one outdated habit from your childhood that you just can't quite break as an adult?
what was the wierdest thing that hapend in youre childhood?
Ladies, what do you want us to say when you tell us you feel fat?
What makes you better at sex/intercourse?
What are some interesting sub-reddits for someone who always thinks philosophy?
What’s a time someone you thought little of exceeded your expectations?
What small facts piss you off?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever gotten in trouble for?
What’s the best piece of advice someone gave you at your lowest?
What are some things that disappointed you about 2021?
What songs do you have to put in your love making playlists?
Whats your favourite music Album from this year?
What's your happy song?
If you could sleep with any celebrity, who would it be and why?
How do mermaids reproduce?
What are your favourite subreddits and why?
What food just has to be on you Christmas table every year and you love it?
People getting gift cards for Christmas, what do you plan to buy with them?
People who work as programmers, any kind of programmers, how is your job? If you chose programming as a passion does it satisfy you to work as a programmer?
What person—past or present—would you want to speak with and what would you want them to discuss?
Who would you let ruin your life, with no regrets?
Has dating for the current generation become harder, why or why not? Is it normal to be in your early 20’s and not have any experience at all?
What is in your opinion the best song from the 60’s?
What is the amount of money you could now freely spend on a not so useful purchase?
[SERIOUS] People who went to school with Stephen Quire, what was it like?
What did your college roommate do that made them an idiot or impossible to live with?
If you can choose how you die, what/why would that be?
What's something/some place that needs to stop being romanticized?
Where can one get financial advice for free on investment?
What would be the perfect partner for you (romantically)?
What experience/hoppy did you achieve during the pandemic lockdown?
What does your exercise routine consist of?
Why so many people are show offs in 21st ? Why most of people trying pretend they are rich nowadays, buying fancier cars, taking big loans, buying rich clothes? Why everybody wants to feel superior to others? Why all of these things matter to majority of average wealth people??
What's the funniest and/or weirdest thing that happened at your school?
When did you realize your religion was hurting you more than helping you?
What are stereotypes about Ukraine 🇺🇦 are in your country?
Which movie villain was right for what they did?
Who should be made a movie off?
What experiance did you have that left you unable to deny that there is a God?
What extremely small thing or change could make life a living hell?
What should someone do if they’re broke and owe 100,000 to medical bills at the age of 25?
Who would you worship?
What is something all Americans can agree on?
How do those recycling centers work? When they get sent those little tiny bits of plastic and paper, how the heck do they turn those into something else? Do they cut up the paper with writing all over it and reassemble it into new paper?
What is the oldest artifact that you've temporarily owned?
What is something only the rich have, but is absolutely shit?
What's A Scary Childhood Memory You Had?
For those who celebrate Christmas: are you in the Christmas spirit?
After the shit-show that was 2021, what are your predictions for 2022?
Who is a movie villain who you would happily let ruin your life?
If you were given a chance to obtain ANY ablility, what would it be and why?
Why would cancelling student loan debt be considered a bad thing?
What is the weird food combination that you enjoy eating?
What was the most horror movie material dream you’ve ever had?
What's a "kids game" that you still play and enjoy?
What is your opinion on people bringing their pets with them to the family Christmas party?
Name your company/employer and what they did this year for the holidays?
The new Matrix seems to have good action, really nice update to the story It even has cool update on how gen-Xer would feel about current times.. but it seems to rubs people the wrong way. Why is there so much differences of opinion about the new one?
Nosy people of Reddit, what juicy story are you dying to gossip about?
People who have actually won giveaways what did you win?
What crimes did you commit with your parents when you were a kid?
When was the last time you encountered your high school bully?
What is a cool made up film studio name?
What was your most remarkable animal encounter?
What was the time were you were so excited about something that you didn't sleep?
What do you think about parents who push their children to be Hollywood stars?
People who are handsy or otherwise very physical when interacting with people, is there any particular reason why?
what are your 31st plans?
What are the strangest plot holes in film and tv?
What charitable organizations actually put most of your donation toward the cause?
People in long term relationships, what is the thing you’ve grown to appreciate about your relationship, that others should know about??
Whats the subreddit called where they post only one pic of a garfield comic strip?
What comic book character was perfectly cast? Which ones were totally miscast?
People of reddit, what is the Best insult you heard/said?
if you could change the slogan of Mcdonalds, what would you change it to?
What if it was 11:59 PM December 31st 2021, and then the next minute 12:00 AM January 1st 2020? What would your reaction be?
What is the name of the horse?
What's the worst thing your family member has ever done?
What do you REALLY want for Christmas ?
What fast food condiment are you currently stocked up with?
How do you feel about vinegar on French fries?
What's some interesting stories of old Hollywood?
What kind of pictures do you keep with you? In a wallet/purse etc?
Non-Americans, how are Americans in bed (if you had that experience)?
What is the #1 thing on you Christmas list?
Happy holiday everyone, how is your day going?
If you could go back in time and stop a device from getting invented , what would that be?
If you could say one thing to a deceased family member or friend what would it be ?
How do you entertain yourself?
[Serious] Is there a name for a medical condition where a woman is unable to grow the uterine lining?
What was the worst age-inappropriate Christmas present you ever received as a child?
You need to hide the box within 5 minutes. If they find her, you will die. What is the most unexpected place to hide the box?
What was the funniest prank you ever played on someone?
Who actually tells their spouse/partner they LOVE them every day?
Who Was/Is The Biggest Uncle Rico Of Your Family? And Why?
Have you ever believed in any Urban Legends, if you have, which ones?
Spices are very cheap now, but centuries ago they were worth a fortune. What's something that's very expensive nowadays but will be dirt cheap 500+ years from now?
How do you kill THE BOREDOM?
What is the oddest thing you find joy in doing?
What is something you really enjoyed in the moment but realised afterwards that it was really fucked up?
What is a good color and size lure for fishing steelhead on a river?
What is one thing you wanted to collect as a child and now that you are an adult you can?
What makes it such a rush to have someone completely at your mercy?
What is your favorite movie ?
You are the Leader of your own Country. What do you do in your new role?
What's a good online source for truth or dare questions, mixed topics?
What's the best sexual advice someone ever gave you?
What was the most pleasant surprise of your life?
Who do you think, if any, is actually still alive out of all the famous deaths?
What’s a food you will NOT eat even if you were offered money?
What's the one thing about yourself (personality-wise) that you want to change the most, and what's stopping you from doing so?
What is a reason you walked out on a job?
What do you like best about your personality?
What wild animal scares you the most?
What do you think was the best day to die in history?
If you could go back in time, what is one decision you would change?
What things about your car you have no idea about?
What's the best way you've ever hidden a gift from somebody?
What's the most random flex you have?
Who is the human equivalent of whipped cream?
What is your favourite Christmas/Holiday memory?
What is the worst coincidence that's ever happened to you?
What question is yet to be answered?
Which wild animal is very cute but cannot be domesticated?
What is one thing that you feel is "complete bullshit?"
What is your self-made motto or quote?
What is the funniest "rich, but out of touch" character you've seen in TV shows or movies? What is your favorite scene?
What’s your favorite weird food combination?
Babysitters of Reddit, what is the creepiest thing you’ve experienced while babysitting?
What advert/commercial is one you can’t stand to watch and have to change the channel to escape it?
What is your darkest secret ?
What is the best plot twist you have ever seen in a movie?
What song are u listening to right now?
What deal turned out to be terrible in the long run?
What non kid-friendly piece of media was a part of your childhood?
What is the best movie you watched 2021?
What is something that you’re extremely good at?
How long do you wait to tell someone you love them? why?
What did you see that made you think "KILL IT WITH FIRE"?
What is something about the opposite sex that you envy?
How do you resolve an issue with a beautiful person?
Funny answers only - What do you say when you leave the room to go pee or poop ?
If you could pick up and move from your current location and move anywhere with no financial repercussions whatsoever, where would you go and why did you choose that place?
Why do you currently hate yourself/your life?
[Serious] What do you personally find fun?
What do you regret not investing in sooner?
[serious] what's the most disturbing image you have ever seen?
One morning, every (non-pornstar) person you’ve ever masturbated to magically finds out. How does this destroy the world as we know it?
When do you wake up?
What are meaningless holiday gifts?
What are the funniest “white elephant” gifts you’ve ever gotten?
What is a rare personality trait that you have?
What’s the strangest dispute your family has ever had?
[Serious] What should we show the aliens, if they make contact ?
how would you like to spend your new year?
Where do Redditors come from?
Which MCU movie is the absolute WORST?
What's Your Top 3 Favorite TV Series of All Time...?
What’s the best lie you’ve ever told?
What’s a time you escaped death?
What are your thoughts on work unions?
People who work at motels, what is the strangest thing you have seen while working there?
Men of reddit what has a woman said to you that was a complete turn off?
What's the most revolting substance you've ever had stuck in your hair?
What coping mechanisms really helped you get over a breakup?
Reddit ER nurses worldwide, how close are you to changing jobs, or getting out of nursing entirely?
Wholesome replies only. Your best male friend tells you "I can't live without you" What do you do and how do you feel?
What's a brand that people were crazy about 20 years ago, but are mostly forgotten now?
What is your most wholesome secret?
What's the day-to-day impact or expression of philosophy and religion in Chinese culture?
Which celebrity do you strongly suspect will be canceled/#MeToo'd next?
Dads of Reddit, what do you want for Christmas ?
Which hand do you wipe with, and do you eat with the same hand?
What YouTuber did you used to like but now hate?
What are the advantages of being lazy?
What are you serving for Christmas dinner?
Skinwalkers of Reddit: what are your secrets to blending in with human society?
What is your supervillain name? And motivation?
What's something you haven't/can't tell your partner but wish you could?
What have you done accidentally which caused a major inconvenience to a stranger?
What are some sick internet lore’s?
Who is the human equivalent of a slice of white bread?
If Jason Voorhees and contained by the SCP foundation, what would his file look like?
Is sympathy/empathy expensive? Why do we withhold sympathy or empathy from people who frequently need the emotional support?
Why do you think that you were good/naughty this year?
Can you sum up what happiness means to you in as few words as possible?
What do you think of when you hear the word 'china'?
What is the most absolutely disgusting feeling you've ever had?
Why do you believe your country is the best country in the world?
If money was no object, would you have any cosmetic surgery done to your face/body? If yes, what would you have done?
What are the options to celebrate a lonely Christmas the best way?
Has anyone ever suffered from a punctured eardrum, if so how long did it take to heal?
What is your favorite type of bread?
People who don’t charge their phones until its down to 1%, how do you live your life so dangerously?
What's something everyone does but nobody admits?
What if Rita Repulsa (Power Rangers 2017) was captured by the SCP Foundation, what would Slenderman’s file look like?
How did you find out that Santa isn’t real?
What's your favorite pedantic thought?
You are on death row, what’s your last meal?
How did you find out the truth about Santa Claus?
Why would someone video/speaker phone call loudly in a restaurant?
[Serious] Students of reddit who have started the school's biggest scandal why what happened?
what’s the most difficult decision you’ve ever had to make?
If Biden tweeted in all caps like trump did, what would he say?
Religious people of reddit, how it felt to watch "religious person" stereotype go from "guy who goes to church and helps everybody" to "everything hating dumb asshole"?
What do you really want for Christmas?
Which Disney villain should've won?
What is the best place to find new non cam copies of recent movies for free?
What is something you wish you could experience again for the first time?
Why lightning strikes don't go in straight lines?
What current home improvement fad will not age well?
If you are celebrating something this holiday season, what is your holiday meal going to be?
How would you take over the world?
What are some of the most violent moments from a Kids’ show?
What is your favorite year in history and why?
What is something that should likely be possible, but is an absolute impossibility to happen?
Why are you unambitious?
What video game do you have the most hours in?
Like watching a movie while taped upside down to a ceiling & eating chips, what are some good ways to not impress a girl?
What do you expect from the new Aliens TV show?
What subreddit do you wish had more active members and why?
You have an unlimited supply of the first object on your right to make yourself rich. What is it and how are you doing so far?
How do you process your emotions (men) ? How do you even identify feelings in the first place! ??
How do you know when it’s time to move on from a relationship?
What is the most humiliating thing happened to you?
to the people in the military, have u seen that spoiled brat in your group get what he deserved?
You have awoken from a 128 year cryogenic slumber. Google is now named "Zooqle". What is the first thing you "Zooqle"?
What’s a great movie with a bad ending?
Been experiencing some lucid dreams and was just curious as to what are the best lucid dreams people have experienced?
Is it impolite to flirt through physical touch? And why?
If you’ve ever met your hero, how did it go?
Which religion seems better and why?
What’s the biggest lie you have ever heard come out of someone’s mouth?
What if there was a human-esqe civilization under the water pre-Devonian Extinction and it was their industries that led to oxygen leaving their oceans?
Why did you have to avoid your friends?
What food did you think you were gonna hate but ended up liking?
Which movie(s) or Series ended up disappointing you?
What occupation gives the fewest fucks?
People of middle age and up who still look a lot younger than their age, what is your secret? Cremes, drinking water all day, hours of exercise? Or is botox the only way?
What’s the most ridiculous hairstyle that was cool at its time?
Moms of Reddit how do you bargain so well?
What are the logical reasons to believe in god?
If your parents are splitting up/ already are, what are some things that made you feel better?
What invention would drastically improve your life?
What is your go to funny name for Kahoot?
Which movie(s) or Series exceeded your expectations?
What's the most you can go by or have gone by without having sex?
What is making people love the idea of god more than real humans?
What is the best to visit in Spain?
What is your go-to insult/roast?
Sleeping is barbaric, so to counter the horrors of sleeping, it is now a war crime to sleep longer than 4 hours a day. How would you go about adapting to this?
Non-Turkish people of Reddit,what do you think when you hear “Turkey”?
What advice (top3) would you give to a 28 year old (male)?
What’s the worst hookup you have ever had?
Can blind people get ptsd and what would that be like?
What are you doing up at 7am ?
When visiting friends and invited to stay over, is it ok for you to use their soap/shampoo?
If you became famous, what would you want it to be for?
What are some songs with terrible lyrics but catchy beats?
Which show are you most nostalgic for?
What does the happiness mean?
What's the best trait you inherited from your parents?
What is the weirdest phrase you know in another language?
People with adhd how does it feel?
Deaf people of Reddit, what do you think of Tiktok dances?
Everyone is entitled to claim a single nuclear bomb from the state for the purposes of experimentation, sport, hunting or self defence. What will you do with your nuke?
What is a movie that you never get tired of watching?
What is a celebrity you would want them to sit on your face or viceversa?
What song describes your life?
What are your thoughts on getting living passion to believe in burning hearts and a brand new feeling?
What are the less mentioned, down sides to having a dog?
What's the male word for a seamstress?
How do you usually react when a stranger accidentally bumps you?
If you could fully communicate with your pets on your death bed, what would you tell them before you die?
If you could live any movie, which one would it be?
What is your biggest sexual confession?
What was the hardest obstacle you've had to overcome in life?
What movie(s) helped you escape sadness?
What are foods you can eat with either a fork or a spoon?
How did you learn that Santa is not real?
If you ruled the world, what would you fix?
what in your opinion is the best city on earth and why?
People who graduated, was there a question in the test that made you think you will fail?
need idea for small love gesture, so what small gesture from your partner you love the most or admire a lot?
what in your opinion is the best city in the usa and why?
If you could get those annoying ask reddit bots to say one thing, what would it be?
What are some common misconceptions that people believe to be true?
Workers who are exposed to lead and cadmium, how's your health and are you concerned with the things your working with?
If you were many miles from anywhere/anyone and dying, what is one thing that you would have want happened for you to move on peacefully ?
What is like the best MILF?
Which game would you like to play for the first time again and why ?
What are your thoughts on fighting for life for good and all that we believe in?
What double standards you absolutely hate?
In which competition/lottery were you able to win a prize?
What's something that we don't use for its intended purpose?
What's a surprisingly easy or simple meal to make that will impress people when you make it for them?
Teachers of Reddit, what’s your most strangest experience when teaching kids?
Which only fans would you subscribe to if a celebrity made one?
What is something frequently in society that we never actually use?
what is your top priority? weapons, music instrument, or pets? why?
What was the biggest 'green flag' for you on your 1st date i.e. what did you see in the other person which made you think "yuuupppp... this might be the one"?
What song perfectly describes your life right now?
Have you been able to figure out what makes you interesting?
What seemingly insignificant event has completely changed your life for the better?
Which celebrity looks the best for their age?
What is the hardest language you have ever learn?
When are you retiring ?
What popular thing have you never liked?
What was best feeling you've ever had?
Hypothetically speaking, what would be the best way to dispose of a dead body without being caught?
people who no longer support their preferred political party, what was the moment that made you switch?
What is "Self Love" actually?
Reddit may be going public in a couple months - what alternatives should Reddit users start checking out now?
What are you “top 100” in, in your country?
What is your cringiest childhood story?
what is the most important? weapons, music instrument, or pet? why?
People who work in customer/client-facing roles, what was the absolute worst experience you’ve had with a customer/client?
Reddit: What advice do you have for adults going back to college?
What movie made you cry your eyes out after seeing it for the first time?
What would be your preferred way of dying?
How do you update the year in your Reddit recap?
What is the best high-idea you’ve ever had?
Which trend do you want to bring back?
What's the most offensive thing you've seen on Reddit?
what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen happen?
What are some underrated switch games?
Poeple who "ruined it for everyone", what was "it" and how did you "ruin it"?
What's a favourite childhood story?
What is this one sexual fact everyone would benefit knowing?
What phrase or term has RedditSpeak absolutely ruined for you?
Whats the most wholesome thing you're dad ever did?
What do you think you need to do as a child so that you won't regret it in the future?
What do you think about not doing a PhD and only stopping at bachelor's?
What do you dislike about Canada?
What are your thoughts on a bloodbath to start the day?
What if women could change the color of their in the manner of chameleons?
What did you get away with that would have ruined your life if you were caught?
What is the worst advice someone ever gave to you?
What is the worst possible thing that would be added to minecraft?
Reddit will be demolished in a few days. Everyone is allowed to keep with them ONE subreddit for eternity. What sub you choosing?
How does coffee affect your body? Can you sleep right after drinking a cup?
When did you feel like a social outcast the most in your life?
If you died today, what will you miss most about life?
What do you think about assisted death of people with severe mental illness?
Americans who have moved to other countries, what did you learn about the United States only through living abroad?
Scientist of Reddit, What kind of virus or genetics that will actually destroy the world in a zombie apocalypse?
What was the last text that you sent to the wrong person instead?
Females, what are some of your nasty kinks?
What video game stage that was so hard that you didn’t play that game for several days?
What is a part of a mod you've had for so long that you forgot it isn't vanilla?
At what age did you made your first experience with Harry Potter(Books or Films)?
After getting your fortune told by a card reader, why do some people keep going back?
What makes you mad?
What behaviour have you unconsciously picked up from a parent?
If you were supposed to meet up with someone and they didn't show— how long would you wait before leaving?
One body part gets replaced with a mechanical version. What feature will you add to make it even better?
what is something you're doing right now that you wish you did alot sooner?
What is your favorite food?
people who have move abroad whats one thing you'd miss if you move back to your country of birth?
What music genre in your opinion is superior than all others?
Siblings Of reddit, what are some ways you made up to your sibling? Like if your sister hates you with every fibre of her body, how do you fix that?
What is the most visible building from space(f.e. from ISS)? Except cities. And do you think than an alien could understand this building?
What's the creepiest post on Reddit?
What is your biggest turn off?
Who hasn't had a flu this new year and what is your secret?
Redditors who avoid people bc their mental issues are too much for you, what's your story and do you feel guilty about it?
People who have girlfriends! How do you not lose them!?
Have you ever been caught by cops? Why?
What hour are people most active on reddit?
What’s a weird combo of foods that you like together?
What is the highest degree of pain you’ve ever experienced on a scale of 1-10?
Which is the most underrated European language to learn and why?
What old computer/internet thing did you come across years (or decades) ago that you struggle to find now?
What should you do to make a random girl talk to you herself?
What was the worst thing your ex ever did to you and what did you do after it happened or after you found out?
What minimizes the chance of death in old age ?
Anyone knows which app this notification icon belongs to? Image link in the comments?
People who loves Pizza with pineapple as the toppings… why?
Have you ever interacted with a stranger on reddit who turned out to be a celebrity?
Which TV character is the biggest simp ever?
what are the best yt channels u think are worth watching and learn smt?
What is your stance on the McRib?
Fellow aces of reddit, what's the most offensive thing someone has said to you about your asexuality?
What is the worst TikTok life hack that you have ever seen?
How can we create Silverback Sea Gorillas?
What would be your punishment if you were involved in a car crash caused by a heart attack?
What's commonly considered a "green flag" in relationships that you consider a "red flag"? Why?
What do you NOT know?
What is the easiest language to learn?
What skeletons are you hiding in your closet?
What's a drug that made you think "I'm never doing that"?
What’s your pandemic song?
You're hungry and money isn't an issue. What are you eating?
What commonly known or used phrase sounds weird or funny when made sophisticated?
Have you ever been in a situation where, in hindsight, you were very lucky to get out of alive? What happened?
What was the creepiest or most unsettling experience you ever had while at work?
What is a social norm that you just cannot understand?
What makes dating hard now a day's?
What's the most down bad thing you did in your teen years?
What rock band was more popular in 1994: Nirvana or Pearl Jam? And why?
What made you realise love is a myth?
What is your favorite insult?
What your “so good I thought it was a scam” moment?
What are some areas across the globe linked to several disappearances or other strange and unexplained events besides the Bermuda Triangle?
Apart from Novak Djokovic, which other Sports stars have transcended their sport to become heroes for humanity?
[Serious] When you were in school, did a classmate pass away? What happened?
What's the most absurd experience you had in college?
People with very visible hand tattoos: what do you do for a living?
what's the scariest thing that happened to you?
What’s one thing you wish you never ate?
What is your best love-related advice?
Despite having lower opinion about religions like christianity and islam, what are the redeeming things you like about them?
What is a thing you know that most people dont?
Americans of reddit, what are some things that you find odd/weird in Europe?
amputees of reddit, how and why did you lose your limb?
what is something that made you happy today?
What is the best comeback for "this is my world, you just live in it"?
If you were to get a world record, what would it be for?
Early 20’s full time workers, where do you meet new people?
What are some big boobs problems ?
Gals and pals, gals before pals or pals before gals? Why?
When will Barack Obama just become The Batman to fight Trump Joker and his Joker GOP gang?
People who want to fall in love, why?
What was your worst year pre-Covid and why?
What odd quirks does your pet have?
What’s your funniest mistake you’ve ever done?
When will Hollywood and the game industry realize that using wokeness as an excuse for bad and lazy writing is not going to fly?
People who have been bitten by bedbugs
If there was no concept of calender, how do you think life would be different?
What’s lives in your head rent free?
Between Chicken Nuggies and Tendies which Is better and why?
[Serious] Hunters of reddit, what is the most bone-chilling and unexplainable thing that happened during your career?
Consultants of reddit, what are the craziest stories you've had while consulting?
What were weird mysteries in your childhood that you later solved?
Someone is stealing what is on top of your fridge. What will they hold in their hands?
What does remind you of your home far away?
What stereotype about animals did you believe as a kid?
[SERIOUS] What if emperor Hirohito decided to surrender to the allies after d day happens? How would the Cold War change and what would the alliances in Asia be like?
Who will be America's Napoleon Bonaparte?
What is something embarassing but worth it u done ?
What are yalls 2022 goals?
Where would you reccomend a European city break for 3-5 days?
What's your go to coffee shop order?
what will you do when your neighbour is banging your walls from 2 days with hammer?
You are sent back to Ancient Rome with your current knowledge, belonging and citizenship guaranteed. How good or bad is your situation?
What can you say at a christening and being raped by your uncle?
What is the worst autocorrected text you sent?
Parachute instructors what's a story of a mishap that happened on the way down for a first timer?
What worries you the most about the future for mankind, or more specifically, for future generations in your country?
What's a movie that freaked you out for days / months ?
What have made you the most emotional in your life?
what do you do when you feel a self destructive episode coming?
What is a movie you think is overrated?
What are the signs that someone didn't grow up after high school?
How do you call men who were absolute bums in their countries but become important in another country because they are foreigners ?
If you could (no questions asked, no favors owed) become the leader of your country, What would you do to make your country/world a better place?
What is the weirdest thing you have done in public?
People who got over their video game addiction, what made you do it?
what are you listening to right now?
What is a movie that you think should not be rated as high as it is?
What do you do when you're sick of yourself and don't want to live anymore?
What's the smartest thing your pet has done (without being trained)?
Who is your favorite spice girl and why?
What is the TV show you love but other people hate?
How did you celebrate your 30th birthday?
People who regularly jump from one random obsession to another, what's your most current one?
What does receiving a rimjob feel like?
How fast is your internet speed?
What's your honest opinion about Khaby Lame?
What’s something you hate but take part in?
What would be your thoughts/emotions if you saw in a subreddit the nudes of a person that looks very similar to one you once loved?
Students of reddit, how do you battle the fear and anxiety of a presentation?
REDDIT: In the event of a planet-wide species killer toxin targeting humans sent by unknown antagonist, what species is next in line to inherit the earth?
How are all the 21 year olds doing?
What do you think about the common practice of deducting bonuses from employees for merchandise stolen by customers?
For the next week, your body just freezes in the exact position you're in right now. How comfortable or screwed are you?
Which fictional book character would like to meet in the future?
Should criminals with amnesia, who don't remember what crime they committed, be punished? Why?
If your cousin came back from Alabama in a trailer with 13 kids and crackhead wife, and asked to park his trailer on your front yard until things 'settle down' would you let him? Why?
What is something you can talk about for hours?
Police Officers/Detectives of Reddit, what was the craziest story someone confessed to you?
Folks who sleep, how many dreams do you remember on an average night?
what is the most random thought you’ve had today?
what job isn't as fun as it looks?
We are one week into the new year. How's that New Years Resolution coming along?
People who own a lot of Funko Pop figures, why? And why won’t you open them?
How can people prevent being robbed or even hijacked, if the bank forces to have a transactional token on their phone?
People who hate light mode, why?
What would you do to fuck Kiara Mia?
What is something that needs to come back from the past to better humanity?
What are some captions for Fb ads to promote your movie (say Harry Potter) or anime themed (Naruto/AOT) products?
People who speak another language: what's the weirdest/dumbest/worst thing that someone's ever asked you to translate?
What are some of the weirdest things you ate as a kid?
Honest answer... What are your biggest fears?
How long (in total) have you been in quarantine since January 2020?
Can you describe a time when you were attempting to be genuinely helpful, insightful, or inquisitive, only to be told that you've offended one or more people?
What would you do to have real power reddit?
You can bring anything to life from the MCU, what do you choose?
who do you fear the most?
anyone know that led keyboard's name where the colors change based on the color scheme of the character you're using in a game?
Who is the G.O.A.T. of the porn industry?
if your mother's consciousness inhabited your girlfriends body, and your girlfriends consciousness inhabited your mother's body, and you had to have sex with one of them to save them from dying, who'd you choose? why?
what conspiracy theories have been proven to be nonsense?
What is your personal monetary value for yourself?
What do you think of the phrase „people don’t have ideas, ideas have people“ in respect to todays issues?
What would you wish on your worst enemy?
What's your go to thought before falling asleep every night?
what's the craziest thing your pet has done?
What is one question you want to be asked?
What is a high paying job no one thinks about?
What's the fastest route to financial freedom without spending on college?
If you would have to move to another country where would you move?
You can bring one thing from star wars to life, what is it?
What event in your life would make a good movie?
You can bring one thing from a movie to life, what is it?
What is the most repetitive question you have seen on this subreddit?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
Redditors that believe in cryptids like Bigfoot, The Mothman and the Lochness monster, why?
What was your first experience with the internet?
Religious People of Reddit, what are some common misconceptions about your Religion?
If you could only eat at one fast food restaurant for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
You've just discovered a new animal species, and scientific law says you get to name it. Without any thought, what would you name it?
Are you “really” in love? If yes ,why?
What’s The Strangest Thing That You’ve Ever Fallen In Love With?
What French dish have you eaten before? if so, do you know how to prepare it at home?
What are the 5 most common first names for men and women respectively in your country?
Why would you if you didn't have to, and why wouldn't you if you did?
Who's the worst popular superhero?
Men of reddit, How do you disciplin your wife?
What would dinosaurs taste like?
[Serious] What is the most repugnant sexual experience you've ever had?
What is your strongest childhood memory?
What are some tips and advice you have for teenagers and adolescents with respect to taking care of their mental health?
What would batman do if he wasn't rich?
What were the most common hobbies for men in the early 1900s?
What were common hobbies for women in the early 1900s?
What is the best way to achieve generational wealth, starting from scratch?
What are some advantages of the imperial system over metric?
What is the dish that you hate but most people love?
What is the dish that you love but most people hate?
People in hospital the last month, how you doing?
If you could be an animal for a day, what would you like to be and why?
What's the nickname the people closest to you call you?
People in reddit while your partners sleep? How's life?
What would be the tastiest Pokémon to eat?
People who like extreme sports why?
what are the strangest déjà vu or déjà rêvé experiences you've had?
What's the most horrifying thing you have seen?
Firefighters of reddit, at what point during a house fire do you call it quits on saving pets? Who makes the decision? And what is the scale of life to save? Is a goldfish as important as a dog? Post your country and state as well so we can see how it differs around the world?
What are your favorite 80s songs?
What scene spoiled the entire movie?
How did gay people meet their SOs in the past? Like before the internet & during a more intolerant time where you can’t talk about being homosexual?
What's your honest opinion on Mark Zuckerberg?
What is the worst way to reject someone?
What's your New Year Resolution?
What's the worst thing to put in a microwave?
What do people think about having an easier name because people can’t pronounce your real name ?
Where would you wanna be right now?
People in long distance relationship! How?
What is the song you hate most and why?
If you have a million, what are the things you wouldn’t spend?
what’s the weirdest thing y’all wanked to?
Woke folks, what is too woke?
What's the scariest confession you've seen on Reddit?
What are some loaded cliches used by the media?
What’s your go-to feel good song?
Genuine question for the woke community of Reddit: Why is it OK to appropriate a gender but not a race?
what are your weekend plans?
What's the best book you've ever read?
What is the most creative insult you’ve ever gotten?
How did you get those curves?
What rules/policies should be removed from workplaces?
Cat owners of reddit, what furniture do you wish existed that was both useful for humans and our feline friends?
What's a game you invented to kill time or boredom?
Bot accounts of Reddit, what’s the story behind your “Generic_Words_####” -formatted name?
What is an unhealthy food that people think is healthy?
People who like August, why?
What you don't like about your country?
What are some completely normal things you do that someone has called you gay for?
What societally learnt trait in you do you want to unlearn?
Woke people of Reddit, how come?
What were some of the closest calls in history?
Whats your toughts on war thunder?
whats the first song you heard or remember hearing?
What’s a thought that keeps you up at night?
What is a secret that could get you fired from work?
Dear reddit, how can one expose oneself without clothes on a subreddit? Any suggestions besides the well-known?
What odd food do you love?
According to your beliefs, what happens after death?
What was your worst typo you ever made?
How do you deal with gif geeks ?
Attractive people of reddit, what's the worst part of being good looking?
Which is your delicious food?
Which animal is the most dangerous to meet?
Landlords of reddit, what's your reason for not allowing pets?
What is something that is WAY more expensive than it should be?
Are there any conspiracy theories that you believe to be true and, if so, why?
What is one piece of advice you would give to a younger self ?
What’s the best way to stay positive and stop negative thinking?
What are some instances where citizens shrugged off something the Government did at the cost of their own citizens health (specifically countries under democracy)?
People who walked out of a date/event, why?
What to do in a situation where your only friends are fake or a bad influence?
What has been your craziest drug/alcohol related story?
When you get your tonsils removed, does that help you give better oral ??
What political theories don't fit into the traditional political compass?
Customer support workers of Reddit, have you ever had an intense situation with a customer? If so what was it?
What is your favorite Fiona Apple song and album?
People who send pictures of your genitals to strangers you have never talked to before, why?
Taxi/Cab/Uber drivers, what's the weirdest thing you've seen a passenger do in the backseat that they thought you didn't see?
What is your best investment that you didn't see coming?
people who like homework, how?
What to do after completing Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering in India?
What changes could have made Naruto better?
What job would you have if you could, and what is holding you back?
What's a book that was so good that you couldn't put down?
What’s your favorite activity?
If you were allowed 15 minutes of fame, what would you do during that time?
What's a food that looks really good but tastes neutral to vomit-inducing-awful?
What are the best non-alcoholic ways to entertain guests at parties and kickbacks ?
What is something that used to be common in your life that you'll never get again?
What was your worst investment that you didn't see coming?
People who meditate, what's the most important rule to good meditation?
What has this user done that makes you jealous?
What kind of mindset do millionaires have? Why schools don’t teach us how to make money?
What does life sentence without parole mean , it is that the key to freedom has taken/thrown away forever?
What would happen if Rosa Parks was riding your dick and you told her to get up?
For those of you who had a child at a really young age, what are some common misconceptions?
What things you have read on reddit have changed your life forever?
When you are called a liar, thief, con man and traitor to America by a poster who accuses you of being a "donald trump", how does responding to the poster with the word "cupcake" violate Reddit rules?
what movie/show are you never going to see, even though everyone loves it?
What was the most disturbing thing a friend/classmate did?
People of reddit who talk less, how has this affected your life? Do you ever feel that your relationships/connections are not as deep because of it?
How would you gift someone a deodorant without offending them?
Where do you think the line goes when a guy no longer just loves his family and wants to spend time with them, but already becomes Sissy's mama's son?
What is something from the early 2000s you want back?
What's the simplest and silliest words you have forgotten when speaking or writing in your own language or English?
What is the dumbest way you've gotten hurt?
How would one go about finding a local Dungeons and Dragons game for beginners?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What's your best "I have a boyfriend" story?
What were some instances in your life where you did something and then realised that it could have gone horribly wrong very easily?
For people who have stayed in a relationship out of guilt, what’s your story?
What gift you receive that you hate but actually useful to you?
Which would be the smartest animal if they could all talk?
What do you think is the duality of people?
If you were a character in Mortal Kombat, what would be your finishing move?
what’s the best way to get away with murder?
If barter system still existed, what would you exchange to buy weed?
If in these old familiar rooms, children would play, why is there now only emptiness, nothing to say?
What's the first name of the person you used to know who now lives rent free in your head?
If we are to go by stereotypes, which country would your personality fit into?
What’s ur most shocking joke to tell?
What vehicle do you lease and how much a month do you pay?
What does your cat love that most cats usually dislike?
What's the most fun childhood memories you have?
What's the creepiest user on Reddit you'll never forget?
How does being emotionally numb work and is there anyway to trigger it?
What's a movie you would never watch again?
How would you describe/label someone who compulsively hoards and clutters, but always finds ways to convice others and themselves that they are organised, and when they're aren't they find excuses to blame others. These people also says that everything has sentimental value because they bought it?
What movie or form of media gave you the biggest feeling of, “The Void”?
Hollywood special effects seem to have reached god level, but what is something that movies cannot realistically portray?
If you were struck with only one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What rule change did you cause?
What is that movie that most people alive today would have watched?
What appeals you better
What’s a flaw in society do you think there should be more attention on?
What are some ideas to nail a presentation on Virtual Reality (VR)?
how late is 21 to pursue singing?
What is the best color pencils brand you’ll recommend?
People that work in healthcare, what's the most fucked up injury a patient had but still survived?
Nirvana Live at Reading, we're you there and how was it?
What s your favorite junkmail?
What are your thoughts of Sherlock series?
What should people know about you when dating?
When is "I'm asking for a friend" not a good thing to say?
If you had to rename Reddit,what would the name be?
What's the dumbest thing you ever heard a teacher say?
What would be some advice you would give to your teenage version?
what are the chances of hitting a 360 no scope in real life?
What’s a flex that’s really not a good flex?
How is everybody doing today?
People of Reddit, what are your thoughts on Tony blair (former British PM) getting a knighthood do you think it should be stripped from him and why/why not?
What's the reason you broke up with your ex that other people might find weird ?
What song(s) sound better sped up/down or pitched differently ?
What dream you had that deserves a second part /more answers?
What is the most embarrasing thing that ever happened to you?
What’s something you used to love as a kid but now can’t stand?
What was the biggest drama in your life?
In your opinion what are the best hidden gems within netflix no one has talked about?
What is the advice for a person in a LDR who loses feelings while he is far away and is in love when he sees her in reality?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
How do we prevent sexual assaults from happening entirely?
What’s the age of the oldest person you’ve dated? And how many years older than you were they?
What would you choose as the most definatory movie for each decade from 1920 to 2020?
Dear Gamers of Reddit: What is a video game that you adore, which is generally disliked or even hated?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What’s the cringiest joke you had to laugh at because the person was an authority figure?
Comic book fans - What's the worst case of a character being fridged?
What movie or show did you watch had a major impact or changed your thinking on life?
If you could add one change to the world and it would happen world wide no matter what, what would it be?
Where you ever addicted to a mobile game? and how much did you end up spending on microtransactions?
What year were you born, and what was the best thing (besides yourself) that came out of that year?
How jamon need to smell in curing process?
People who began the process of entering the military but decided it wasn’t for them, what made you realize this?
What is your family member's proudest accomplishment?
If you could describe the ideal person you'd be attracted to, what would their aesthetic be?
Without providing any context, what was the last text/dm that you sent?
What was a movie that was NOT as good as the book it was based on?
What’s your theory or belief on life/existence and it’s purpose?
Whats the new normal from 35-65 years ago?
What's the most creepy post you've seen on Reddit?
If time travel does exist in present, what will you do and where will you use it for?
At what age did you start picking your own clothes?
People who had a wedding, was the day worth all the stress?
What is that thing you use in a way it's not supposed to be used?
Who is the #1 celebrity, that all other celebrities are jealous of?
What is a sweet gesture of a SO that you can never forget?
What is the most wildest or unique experience that you had in another country?
What's the most mature thing you heard from the most immature person you know?
What would you do if you got stranded on an island?
What’s your weird shopping habit?
What's your favorite urban legend?
What's a blessing in disguise?
for LDR, When did you know that your relationship would last forever and what was the difficult situation you were in?
People who had great relationships but still broke up, what happened?
You're a mall Santa and this guy in his 20s (and another guy in the distance, who's probably his friend, recording him) sits on your lap and asks for drugs for Christmas, what do you say?
What is it like working with 'Karen'?
What’s so bad about asking “how are you” on a dating app?
How long have you scrolled Reddit without exiting?
married non-religious people, how did you guys did the whole wedding/ceremony thing without involving religion?
How does an actual average human being help the world?
Which if any, society is truly "colorblind"?
What’s your favorite car brand?
People who are out of shape, on the real, why?
When and where were you happiest in your life?
What strange thoughts do you have that might get you in trouble if they were made public?
May contain NSFW: How did a teacher in your school get fired?
What do you miss the most about the 90's and the early 2000's?
What do you think of Nancy Pelosi?
Who inspires you? Who do you aspire to be like?
Which subreddit has your people?
People who work at McDonald's, what was the weirdest combo someone ordered?
What dream did you try and pursue, and did you achieve it or not?
what is the one place everyone should visit and why?
People always talk about creepy experiences but what was your nicest uber/lyft driver ?
What did you do (as a child) that had good intentions but a bad outcome?
What form of public transportation (air, boat, train, bus, car, etc) do you prefer?
What is your favourite spice?
[Serious] Which ethical issues do you see regarding exoskeletons that help disabled people walk?
What's a show that you know is cringe, but you still love it?
What motivates you to keep pushing?
What (positive or neutral) thing would you do if you had no capability to feel embarrassment and some free time?
Who is someone that no matter how much good they do, they'll only be recognized for doing bad?
How do you react to being told your dick is too big?
Are you effectively secure with yourself? Why or why not?
Where have you been that you would never go again?
What is the single most important moment in recorded history?
What is your earliest memory from when you were a toddler or baby?
What was your fear as a child?
Those who have left healthcare to pursue other careers recently, how did it go?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen recently?
What life advice would you give a 16 year old?
People who are having a bad day, why are you having a bad day?
What's the most exclusive reddit club you are apart of?
When you were growing up, who was your biggest hero?
What life advice would you give your 25 year old self to steer them in a better direction that you wish you knew then?
What’s inappropriate now, but was normal before the pandemic?
If you were The Giver tasked with giving all the memories of time to the new Receiver, what would you show them first?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
what's your favourite secret ingredient?
[Serious] What's the point of having friends if you can't be completely honest with them?
What is your go-to meal for making in bulk that lasts a few days?
What are weird, obscure animal facts that you wish you didn't know?
Did your military experience influence your choice of a future profession? Why or why not?
What's a Reddit comment that you came across that you couldn't ever forget?
What is the weirdest thing you have said?
Which song reminds you the most of the early 2000's?
People who gave up marijuana, what was you’re reason?
What would you be willing to sacrifice to completely end suffering worldwide?
What awful things did you do to your Sims?
Men: has a woman ever used a pickup line on you? What was it? Did it work?
what are you doing right now?
Microsoft Edge opens new pages as Windows "applications". How to disable this?
What is your favorite part of The Sims game? And which add-on?
What was your best dream?
Mom & Pop, Gourmet, Other? Where do you prefer to work?
What's an affordable way to prepare for disasters (natural or man-made)?
What tips would you give to people who are in their first relationship?
Americans: why do you think their are shortages on lower/middle class jobs and how can the ppl be reassured that their important to the work force?
What is something you thought would be a waste of money, but actually turned out to be a great investment?
If you had to eat one dish for the rest of your life then what would it be?
What is the “popular kid” from your school doing now ?
How do straight guys find ons?
What is your best advice to a 27 year old that feels stuck in life?
To American students, how do you and your families deal with the stress of possible school shootings ?
Which Song-lyrics did you always sing passionately wrong until you found out the truth?
Those of you who panic-hoarded toilet paper in mid-2020, how is your stockpile going?
What is a good way to tell a girl her pussy stinks?
REDDIT: The Aliens surrounding Earth need you to answer RIGHT NOW - how do you define the *MESSIAH* you want to save humanity?
What was your favorite computer game as a child?
What are good ways to help old parents around the house?
How do you take a stand in life?
2019-2020: what changed your view on jobs?
What is the best horror movie you have ever seen?
What is the oddest thing you know of that someone left in their will and testament?
What is your idea of the “male fantasy”?
What's a simple, good, and practical philosophy to live by?
If you suddenly gained the ability to clone yourself, what would be the first thing you'd do?
Which current authors do you think will still be read in 500 years?
What’s the most valuable thing you’ve learned in life?
What popular TV series or Show you find hard to understand why people like it?
Who in your family do you not trust and no one knows their real side but you?
What height would you consider someone as tall?
What are those three things you love about yourself?
People who got stuck in an elevator with a complete stranger, what's your story?
What’s the scariest thing that’s happened to you? Or you’ve seen?
What is a job you wanted to do but couldn't ?
What was your favorite childhood cartoon?
What is your comfort movie?
What was your “superhero moment” where you prevented a tragedy or possibly saved a life?
What’s the first video game you remember playing?
What to do when feeling undeserving of everything in life?
What is it called when you speak about something passionately then within moments your stomach bloats and you can't breathe comfortably?
(Not an eating disorder) What may it be if someones throwing up everything they eat, like everything?
What was the best moment from film/TV that wasn't in the script?
What are you waiting for?
If your significant other killed someone would you turn them in? Are there any circumstances in which you would or wouldn’t?
What's the scariest event that's ever happened to you on an airplane?
It feels a lot like, you just lost "the game", how do you feel about that?
How long have you worked with or known someone that didn't know your name?
Who's a good boy?
What is your plan for this year?
Are you learning from your mistakes and if so what has been the most important thing you’ve learned from a mistake?
How do we solve the gun violence crisis in America?
What’s the one thing your ex gave you that you still have?
[serious] what are good songs for sadboi hours?
[Serious] What are some comforting thoughts?
How is the band, the Regrettes, concidered a punk rock band?
Tattoo artists, What tattoo's do you hate doing and why?
Parents of Reddit, how has your kid’s relationship with your friend’s kid affected your relationship with your friend?
What is the difference between these: Automatic / Autonomous / Automized / Automated?
What phases did you have as a kid?
When has an intoxicated person given you an honest answer that you feel you cant deny?
What’s a song everyone seems to like but you?
How does one discourage someone from learning Modern Greek and learn Russian and/or German instead?
What childhood game or show do you wish you went through later in life to fully appreciate everything for the first time?
What food will you never ever going to eat even if it's the last food left on earth?
You need to spend one month alone in an isolated log cabin. You can only eat three things and watch three shows (or play a videogame instead of a show, no internet though). Which three foods and which three shows/games do you choose?
You have presidential powers, what’s the first thing you’re doing to make the world a better place ?
Ex Jehovahs witnesses, Mormons, etc. How did you escape and how has your past effected you? [Serious]
What is something you can't eat anymore and why?
Someone's asking what everyone's mad about today. We can't have only negative thoughts so what y'all happy about today?
There's a song for almost every feeling. What are some feelings with no songs to represent them?
What is your favorite holiday?
When has someone made you completely change your mind?
What something you'd pay people to shut up about?
Which artist/entertainer had that one fluke that they just couldn’t live up to later in their career?
If there were a movie, where you would be in the main role. What would your introduction be like, what song would play?
When do you eat leftovers from a restaurant?
Which way do you think is better - Going from Hard tasks to easy ones or from easy tasks to hard ones?
Which is the one book you would recommend everyone MUST read atleast once?
Casino dealers of reddit: What are some odd types you have seen at your tables?
What do you think of the idea of pulling a truck hood behind a vehicle to go sledding?
How kind have you been today?
What is a seemingly mundane, non-sexual, individual/solo experience that you enjoy more than you expect to?
What was your worst experience while travelling solo?
If you were to switch lives with one person who would it be and why?
What/Whose case of a missing person you remember still haunts you to this day?
Who's the worst fictional couple of all time?
Botanists of Reddit, what is the most interesting, bizarre, or alien-seeming plant you can think of?
Pilots of Reddit - How hard is it to land a commercial plane during turbulence/high winds? What's actually happening in the cockpit while the rest of us passengers are white knuckling?
What do you do when you’re supposed to be sleeping but can’t?
Why do you have a storage unit and what’s in it?
[Serious] Sex people of reddit. How sexy does it feel do that?Mmmm yummy yummy sexy. Why?
Describe your most memorable sex experience? What made it so special?
What were you thinking would happen after December 31st 1999?
What one small change would make the world a better place with absolute NO downside?
What actor do you not trust?
former bullies of Reddit, what did u feel after minutes of hating/ruining someone's confidence and what pushes u to do that?
what movie or tv show did you not expect to like but actually ended up loving it?
Gay men of Reddit. Where does your “gay lisp” come from? Is it something you picked up from other people or does it come naturally?
[serious] Which liberty would you give up in order to secure a little bit more. safety?
How does one make the most of a saturday being the only day off?
what's your theory on who is in the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington, Virginia ?
How did society hurt you?
What is something you can do which you think is rare?
Morning people - how do you do it?
Relatives of politicians, what's the worst thing you've been put through by the public because of that relationship?
What's that website where you can provide a location and it displays for you a diagram of the topological surroundings interactively so you can click in it and it shows you what you're actually looking at (on a map)?
What regular annoyance in your life would you most like to fix?
What is the first mistake you have made this year?
Have you ever quit a job on the very first day and why?
What weird crap do you do at home?
You suddenly transport 10 (or 100) years into past. What’s the first thing you do?
Which superhero did you see yourself as when you were little?
[SERIOUS] Redditors who lived in secluded towns — What's the darkest thing that has ever happened in your town that everyone knew about but never talked about?
Recovered Covid patients, how was your hospital experience?
People of Reddit, what would you do with a 3rd arm?
What do you regret?
Who’s had a dream where a moment in the dream ended up actually happening sometime in the future?
Who’s the closest real life Dwight Schrute you have met and why?
What simple thing annoys the hell out of you?
What quote makes no sense?
What are you looking forward to this Christmas?
Swimmers of Reddit, how do you keep your hair healthy?
People who comment without voting, why?
Technically speaking, aren't we in our fathers before we're in our mothers? If not, why?
What made you lose your faith?
Where do you like to visit during summer holiday?
What was the most overt form of racism/discrimination you've received?
What questions should never be asked on a first date?
What’s the best way to theoretically launder money without using casinos or strip clubs?
What place on earth is safe from natural disaster?
What is a scheme/idea that had great potential but ended up ultimately failing?
How was your Friday?
Hey Reddit, what's a sign someone secretly likes you?
What is the most evil villain plot of all time?
is pursuing a Degree in Music worth it at the moment (with Covid and how bad economy state is) ?
70s and 80s people, what did Vine feel like? Was it as cringe as TikTok for you?
What in your opinion is the most inspirational movie?
What can be defined as "American"?
What if they lowered the drinking and smoking age to 18 but increased the driving age to 21?
What is a near-death experience? Has anyone had one?
Any brands you'll never buy from again? Why?
If you chose 1 historical figure to put in a boxing ring and the first comment decides their opponent who would you choose?
What brings you pleasure?
what are some movies similar to signs and the butterfly effect?
What shouldn't be socially acceptable but is?
If you are crushing on someone rn what’s stopping you from shooting your shot?
You get to see your stats when you die; however, you can only choose one. Which stat do you want to know about yourself?
Fellow reddit users with anxiety whats the worst experience you’ve had due to your anxiety?
Why Waze include “Police Roadblocks” in the app? Won’t that be somehow illegal and help criminals to run away from polices?
what is the thing that make you horny that should n't make horny?
AskReddit: if you had the option to stop anything or anyone, who would you stop/what would you stop?
What is the best and worst Disney song?
how did you get over the insecurities that you couldn't change?
What movie/book/game has taken place in your town/city that you have lived in or you are living in now?
If Reddit was a country, what would be the various rules and legislations that citizens would need to follow?
What would you consider the best “Superhero” film?
People of reddit, whats the biggest bullet you dodged by avoiding someone/something?
if you could say one thing to one person with zero repercussions - what would it be and to whom would you say it?
What do you think an Inconvenience Store would sell?
Your closest friend tells you they’re a nudist and they’ve been keeping it a secret, how do you feel?
what's your least favorite movie?
What is your favorite joke?
Severe mental breakdown after a blood test…. why why why?
What gives off “big dick” energy?
What are your least favorite conversation starters?
What made you gain respect for someone?
What is the correct tip amount to give a Barbershop Barber?
What was one dream you had as a kid that you still remember as you grow older?
What are early signs of a cheating partner?
What are the whereabouts of the best and worst student from your class is school?
What's your favorite quote?
What is the best Minecraft mod you and your friends played?
When will daddy be back from the grocery store?
How was your night?
Guitar players of Reddit! Who are your biggest influences?
What are the best stories of college sport players from their time in college?
Anesthesiologists of Reddit. What are the most memorable or Hilarious things someone going under anesthesia said?
Anime fans of reddit what anime would you like to see get live action movie or TV show?
What do you do when the beer isn't cold enough?
What makes you so special?
How do you feel about the legalisation of “harder” drugs?
what is something people enjoy but really shouldn't?
What would you do if you only had one week left to live?
what is the ideal TV size for family room?
What's the most embarrassing thing a family member/friend found out about you?
Heteros of Reddit - Have you ever had a same-sex 'intimate experience', and if so how did it play out?
What is one thing you have been in jail over?
80's kids, what movie monster puppet legit scared you?
How do you differentiate between someone you wanna keep as a friend and someone you wanna keep as a partner?
After 100 years this thread will be viewed by humanity as a time capsule, what is the message you'd like to send?
Lawyers of Reddit: When did a defendant's testimony basically convict themselves?
What is something you look forward to each day?
When making out with someone, how do you know when to stop?
Without looking, what color underwear are you wearing?
People who hate billionaires, why?
What is something generally not taught in American schools, that is taught most everywhere else?
What are the most undervalued cripto??
What would you NEVER do no matter what?
What are you tired of people asking you to say because of your accent?
Where would you never have sex?
How far down the comment thread do you actually read?
What helped you most move on from your ex?
How do you deal with helicopter parents as an adult?
What's the most niche social media you've come across?
what was your first time chewing tobacco like?
If the human race didn't look like it does now, how would you like it to look?
What from the 1970’s to you think would be great to have now?
Redditors, what is the most horrifying incident you have come across in your entire life?
How do you know if you are having a migraine?
Hey Reddit: What’s a secret about yourself or someone else, that you’ve vowed to never tell?
For one day you get the power of god (think of it like Bruce Almighty), what do you do?
Has Reddit really “changed”? If so, what have been some of the ways in which it has and the reasons for why it did?
what do you think the drinking age should be in USA?
What is your opinion on Reza?
Have you ever been rejected? If so, what happened?
What is your opinion /thoughts regarding the recent ban on coloured tattoo ink in the European Union?
What is your favorite candy?
How do you know the love is real ?
What's an unspoken rule that annoys you when people don't know about it?
If you could smack anyone’s ass in history, who would it be and why?
People who play sports and played in an unsupportive team what was it like, how did you feel when you trained and played?
What’s the most down right nastiest sexual act you have ever done?
You have access to every social media account in existence and can post a single message that goes out on all of them. What do you say?
What anime would you want to be the main character of but only have half of their power?
What hobby or skill set have you been meaning to get into/learn but haven’t been in the best place (mentally or physically) to do so?
What have you seen that has made you question reality? [serious]
What was the best thing you rediscovered after forgetting about it for years?
What’s the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What's the most perfect and personalized gift you can give to a person who you've casually been on a few dates with and you both seem to like one another alot?
How would you describe a mushroom trip?
who's you're favourite side character ?
What was that moment that you realised they were just using you?
Who is the most famous person you are actual friends with in real life?
White people of Reddit, why?
In this world of evolving technology, what is something you don’t like that’s been taken over / you hope isn’t taken over by technology?
Deep sea divers of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you have experienced on a dive?
What's the best app for reddit on Android?
What’s a sign someone has never been in love before?
You know yourself best, so what insult would hurt the most for you?
For one day you become the CEO of Disney, what do you do?
What is your favorite video game to drink some whiskey/bourbon/scotch/rye to?
If humans had a natural predator what features would it have specifically designed for human?
How much do you tip your teachers at the end of the semester?
People who clean up crime scenes, what’s the worst thing you’ve ever seen?
What are some fun hobbies that you guys have?
What is the worst side effect from a medication you’ve taken? What did it do?
What was the most horrific event you've experienced?
how was living in a dorm in college?
Who do you think was DB Cooper?
If you were Batman, would you kill the Joker? Why or why not?
What’s the craziest thing that happened to you?
What are the most valuable moocs/online courses that you feel is useful for career advancement?
[Serious] What is project Rhinoceros 1987 (India)?
What would you like your last words to be?
If you could wipe one tv show from your memory to watch again, which one would you choose?
what would you have changed about your wedding day?
What do you hate, what doesn't really matter? Why?
People who have gone to school and work in graphic designs, what was your experience? Any advise?
What's a time when a teacher or a critic danced a poot and why do you think they did?
what movie is popular but you haven't watched yet?
What fictional characters’ names sounds cool/badass on paper, but are cringy/terrible in reality?
What do you think would be the ultimate afterlife?
why did you leave your hometown?
What New Year’s resolution have you already given up?
If you just absolutely NEED to get your best friend hooked on anime but they think it’s kind of cringe. What anime do you suggest?
What are some of the great forums & QA websites like Reddit,Quora? [Serious]
what stupid scary fact that stuck in your head like yeeeaaars believing it real?
what commercials make you want to throw your remote at the TV?
What's the ritual to summon Cthulhu?
What's the worst a barber/hairdresser has fucked your cut/hair up?
What is something that should be considered illegal but is legal?
What was your best sex experience?
How old is old enough to learn about independent business?
What is the most important thing to you in a job or workplace?
What do you do when sung happy birthday?
People who have gotten “happy endings” at massages, how did it play out?
What are the things you dreamed of having and achieved in 2022?
people who work in retail, what happens when customers shoplift? whose pocket does it come out of?
[Serious] What's your horror story dealing with your Chinese (from China) counterparts/suppliers/businesses/talents?
What can you do to make your life more interesting and fun?
If we are not men what are we and why?
why dis you quit your job last year?
What’s a conspiracy that you believe, but the majority of people don’t believe or know about?
[SERIOUS] What if a minecraft end portal appeared in the real life US, and you go back to the portal after you leave the end? How would the world react and what would the US government do? What sort of conspiracy theories would there be about notch?
What do you do to relax yourself when you are stressed?
Have you ever thought of what your future baby will be named?
How high are you?
Conservatives and libertarians of Reddit: How can an unregulated capitalist system combat issues associated with generational wealth?
What's the funniest live comedy moment?
How do you avoid feeling lonely?
Would you rather have a conversation with your past-self or future-self? Why?
What's something you thought all women do but turns out they don't?
People who knew Reagan was going to be a complete failure from the start, what’s your story?
What movie has the best soundtrack?
What if we are intelligent? If so in degree of comprehension how big?
What do you guys eat to help boost appetite and gain weight fast?
how do you define life?
Experts from any & all fields what are some common misconceptions regular people have about your field of expertise?
What is the weirder fetish here? Feet or armpits?
What’s the nastiest thing that’s happened to you during a “romantic” moment?
"It was at this moment that he knew.... he f***ed up". What's your such moment?
As the ruler of a totalitarian regime, what would be your methods of preventing the sword of damocles from falling on your head, keeping the political pendelum from swinging to the other side and making your regime/hegemony immune to or permanently stop the cyclical nature of history/civilization?
What is most important to you in life?
What is something you would do in a horror movie scenario that actual horror movie characters don’t?
What are some websites that sell good clothing/accessories?
It’s Friday night, Reddit. Who’re you fucking tonight?
Is there anyone out there who’s NOT stressed out, exhausted, and desperately clinging to their last shred of sanity?
What is the most shocking thing you have found out about your sibling?
What's the most hurtful thing someone's ever told you?
Where is your favorite place to cum on a female?
Ruh roh! You accidentally took a nap too late in the day and you are now unable to sleep! It's 2 am and you've got places to be at 10 am! What are you gonna do about this?
What’s something shameful your partner doesn’t know about you?
What type of posts make you cringe every time you are browsing social medias?
Why have you walked away from a good job?
[Serious] Has anyone worked meticulously hard to survive? If so, how?
What you wanted to be when you were younger and what are you actually doing now?
What are furries right about?
What are some free or cheap activities you and your mates get up to?
Your partner bandages their foot and tells food deliverers they have a sprained ankle to avoid having to go down 56 floors to pick it up. What do you think of them now?
What profession takes an extremely special (1 in 1000) person to do?
What are some feelings that don't really have an explanation?
You find out that your childhood ice cream truck driver was a child serial killer and multiple bodies were found buried in his backyard. Are you surprised, why or why not?
What is the one thing you never will forget?
Dear people of Reddit, how do you define "loneliness", and how haunting it may be?
What is that one purchase you honestly do not regret? And why?
What's something you do make yourself feel better during bad times?
What are signs that someone around you is a functioning alcoholic/addict?
What subreddit has completely lost all meaning from its original theme?
What is the weirdest thing in your bucket list?
What small misunderstanding got you in a heap of trouble ?
"It's 2022 bro, we don't do that anymore". What don't we do anymore, or at least hope that we don't do it anymore?
What's Your Shitty Million Dollar Idea?
What is the single most important thing to know about life?
(Serious) what are some of your lucid dreaming experiences?
How are females supposed to succeed in this hostile, male world?
What is the creepiest/worst pick-up line you ever heard?
What is something disturbing, but not illegal thing have you seen on reddit ?
what's a song you like?
What's your story of someone who was way more interested in you, than you were in them?
What's your take on an international agreement to collectively fight countries that invade others?
How can any civilized person like to have snarky friends?
What's that one lesson that you have learnt the hard way and would like the people to know?
What’s the weirdest thing that’s ever happened to you that could be considered paranormal?
(Serious) What are some words that exist but don't really have an explanation?
If you owned a Death Note, who would be the first person you used it on?
What are the wisest words you've ever heard?
People that dropped out from school. How is your life today? Do you ever regret your decision? [serious]
What are some things you never outgrew?
Who do you think are the biggest gaslighters in todays society?
What is the best name for fetishes in your 1st language?
Why...with everything, just why?
What is the predominant color in the room you are in right now and do you think it is affecting your current mood?
Non Asian fellas, to what asian country did you have the best meal ever?
What do you do when you feel lost in life?
If you were a scientist and saw a meteor falling on earth in around 3 years and you had a secure connection to all other astronomers and could calculate where it‘ll hit, would you bring the news?
If everything is God’s will, why do people pray?
What if Déjà vu is caused by time travelers changing thing so that we relive a moment in the future?
What’s one thing you would do if you had 0% chance of failing?
What's your hobby (hobbies), why would you recommend it , who can enjoy it too?
What's the coolest thing in your culture most people don't know about?
How do you think humanity could become extinct?
If you wake up one day to discover you're the opposite gender, what would you do?
What's a thing your teacher in school did that you thought was OK, but is actually bullshit?
Who is the gayest villain?
If you could be anything in life, absolutely anything (object, person, or profession), what would it be and why?
[Serious] Those who've enjoyed giving/receiving analingus (aka ass eating, aka the dark kiss, aka rim job, aka licking the brown eye, aka smooching the forbidden star), what's the best/worst story you've got?
Who or what do you love despite not knowing almost anything about them/it?
Which movie/TV show do you wish had swearing/more swearing?
What famous movie were you in and how did you get the part?
What irl thing makes you wanna go :3 ?
Who do you think is your celebrity look-a-like?
What is the sexiest language ?
Redditors living in apartments with thin walls, what have you heard?
Anyone else cut Facebook from their lives? And if so, how do you feel?
What is your idea of 'the good life'?
For someone who doesn’t watch anime, what is an anime that is a must watch?
What's a video with less than 10,000 views that the world needs to see?
What are the best NSFW subs that are also funny and/or interesting?
What movie or TV show would genuinely be better if it was rated R?
[Serious]nurses and doctors of reddit, what is the craziest injury you've seen someone walk in with?
Who would you do anything for?
What's an app idea that would make your life so much more convenient, but would never be popular enough to gain traction?
Do you believe in The Mandela Effect? Why or why not?
What’s a movie you haven’t seen in years, but that still pops into your head regularly?
You see Doctor Strange. What do you get him to make everyone around you forget?
What is it about tattoos that make people instantly more attractive?
What’s your favorite thing about the city or town you live in?
What is one thing you can’t forgive?
What is the one thing you'd appreciate if someone gifted you right now?
Poor people of Reddit, what’s it like being broke?
What Do You Personally Think is the Best Movie Poster of All Time?
What Is Your Dream Mate?
What was the worst job you ever had?
What's the craziest thing you've done at school?
what's your experience living with parents past the age of 25?
What’s the best joke you have ever heard or told?
What products/services that YouTubers advertise are actually good?
When gasoline car will replace by electronic cars completely?
What one song lyric can convince invading aliens to not invade us?
What’s the best way you have ever not thought to do it the way it goes on the first time and it looks like it’s going through the same thing or at least same way as you can see it on in the first place?
What Classic YouTubers (not counting past 2013) have slowly become more anoying, clickbaity, etc... these days?
What’s a weird talent you have? Or something uncommon you can do?
What's the oldest file you have on your computer?
What were some weird incidents/understanding because poor choice of words?
What is your favorite book?
How would you start a novel based on your own life?
[serious] Countries outside of Canada, what are some reasons a Canadian should try and pursue a temporary career in your country/how?
What was the worst haircut you ever had?
For what reason is booking through Chase Travel Rewards exorbitantly more expensive than another option such as Priceline (Looking at a hotel for one night $112 total on Priceline vs $163 total on Chase using their travel points)?
What is the appropriate reward, or punishment if North Korea accidentally hits China with a missile while they are testing one?
Business Communication Is Important How can you communicate with so many people so quickly?
How can we as a community help people with mental health issues?
Who do you hate the most in this world?
What's the scariest thing you've experienced that made you believe that ghosts are real?
What's one thing that people get usually upset about, but you don't understand why?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve came across?
People who like or react to their own posts on Facebook, why do you do so?
How do you recover from burnout?
What are you looking forward to?
Why almost every Redditor worships Keanu Reeves. He is a good man but you people really worship him ?
Easy-going spouses of Reddit - how do you promote balance in your relationship with a more dominant personality?
Has anyone ever cried as a result of your actions (direct/indirect?? What happened?
People who moved to the US or Canada from elsewhere, what’s something you’ll never get used to?
What made you join Reddit?
What is your best “mind over matter” moment?
What was your “I’ve been prepared for this my whole life” moment?
What’s the most attractive type of guy in the world?
What is your best example of “The straw breaks the camels back”?
If, when you die, you were able to view a breakdown of everything you did, ate, achieved, etc., what would be your unique statistic?
What was the first phone model of your life?
Without telling the name of your country, where do you live?
What is a reason that justifies beating the crap out of someone?
What advert do you always mute because it’s so annoying to listen to?
Boys of Reddit, when will you become men of Reddit?
Why did you end up being glad you forced yourself to read a book you at first weren't very interested in?
What is the deal with the super loud narration of posts? How did this become a thing and why won't it go away?
What’s the greatest (and also average) amount of weight you’ve lost before and after pooping and peeing?
What terrible product sells by the millions?
Redditors, what was special to you when you were a little kid?
What's the steamiest piece of literature you've ever read?
When was a time the obligation of duty outweighed the sense of remaining in your comfort zone?
People of Reddit. What was your “last straw” moment at your job?
What is your biggest “oh shit” moment that you remember?
What should you say if a person hasn’t stopped quaking for hours, shut up, or shut the pretty up to be less rude?
People who didn't have a sibling of opposite sex, how did it affect you?
What's your favorite board game and why?
What's a great game that nobody talks about?
What makes us human?
What's the most unexplained thing that you have ever witnessed?
what makes life worth living for you?
What is peaceful life?
How certain should you be that someone is up to no good before calling the police or performing a citizen's arrest on them for looking suspicious?
What shook you the most?
Which opinions would you eradicate if you could?
What are the games that many people play, but won't admit that they play it (like Clash Royale) ?
If you could describe an already-existing person in the world with your username, who would it be most linked to?
Why every body is so keen on gender ID their e-mails, (pronouns -him/her) all of a sudden, does that affect your working relationship even in big organizations?
Which celebrity do you think gets the most undeserved hate?
What’s something strange that keeps you awake at night?
What's a song that is custom made for having better-than-normal sex?
Arey you truly happy if not what will make you truly happy?
What’s something very simple that we use everyday that people take for granted?
What would be the coolest pet ever?
What makes you a good human being?
What shape is the creature you imagine running on the buildings and wires while staring out the car window?
What are some cool facts about our Earth?
What are some of the deepest questions you don't know the answer to?
Which Goosebumps book was your favourite and why?
What’s something you’ve never told your parents?
How soon is too soon into a relationship to say love you?
What are some small funny real world problems that would be perfect for a reaserch and analysis essay?
What will give you fulfillment in life?
What place would be the worst setting to lose your virginity?
what do you love with a passion?
[NSFW] People of reddit who had bad trips on psilocybin/lsd. What was it like? What did you see or experience?
People who are on antidepressants but remember what it felt like not to be, what was your experience like comparatively?
Hey Reddit, Men who’ve had sex with women before, have they ever farted on ur dick while u fucked?
What do hate with passion?
What job or profession would you never want to do?
What is a good habit that everyone should have to improve their life?
What’s the creepiest thing you’ve ever seen/experienced?
What Japanese names do you think are cool?
What artists who are known to have One-Hit wonders have other great songs?
How rare it is to get aroused without a boner?
What infuriates you about people in general?
People who finally met your parent or sibling that wasn't a part of your life before
People who have had close/near to death experiences choking, what did you choke on?
What’s the best one hit wonder of the 90’s?
What is something some people do when they think no one is looking?
What comes after the Great Resignation?
What do you genuinely not understand?
Who Lives in a Pineapple Under the Sea?
What are some small problems you think can cause a ripple effect when solved?
What is that one food item to you that has the perfect mouthfeel every time you eat it?
What is one food your country eats that most countries would think is disgusting?
How Risky is Masturbation for Health? And what is the way to get rid of it?
What is it you’re doing, when you realize you just wasted over an hour of your time?
What’s something you’ll only admit to strangers on the internet?
What was your daily average screen time for last week?
What is the advice that you can give to a person that might be facing depression and on a verge to break but is not ready to open up to anyone?
What’s worse, having someone leave knowing you tried your best, or not trying and regretting letting them slip away?
Gift Givers of Reddit, what is the best gift you ever have given?
What's some random questions to ask female friends?
What is it like thinking in a language that was not your first language?
What problems a genuine person faces all the time?
What is that one question that keeps you up at night that you want answered?
What movie becomes 10x better if you add "...in space!" to the title?
People who work at Walmart, what’s it really like at self checkout?
Who eats the most in the family?
how do we change the system of being a modern slave (working all days for paying bills etc.)?
in your opinion, what defines a good person?
People who moved from a rural area to a big city/metropolitan area- What was your experience like? What were the biggest differences you noticed?
How is it going?
In your opinion who is the most powerful (deadly, dangerous) fiction being or character ever created? Out of all fictional literature, movies or any other form out there. Who do you think is the most powerful, most dangerous being, creature, person, monster or entity ever created?
What’s the most mess up thing you have ever seen or done?
What’s a book you think everyone should read?
What are some clever ways to deal with a sneaky, undermining co worker?
If you are an immortal ,what would you do?
What happened to your first car?
You are given the power to make one tragic world-impacting event not happen and something good happen instead. Which event do you pick?
What happened to the band Bloodhound Gang?
Former atheist of Reddit, what made you believe in God?
[Serious] what are some home remedies to cure blocked nose due to covid?
What Made You Realize You Found “The One”?
Redditors of the world, what is your favourite ever food?
When did you evolve. If yeah which stage are you in right now?
for the ppl who ever got in a fight, why?
What is it that money can't buy, ever?
What is something that you're family or friends do that really seems to get on your nerves?
Of all the stock movie intros (songs included), which is your favorite?
You get one free punch on the person you like least in the world. It can anywhere but the face or groin. Where do you punch them?
What is the best movie Tim Burton made?
How do some people have quick comebacks?
Redditors, what are you doing to help your country or society during the pandemic?
What would you do if someone you know in person found out your Reddit username?
What change management did as an "improvement" but it went completely wrong?
Who is your favourite god?
What is one fact about yourself that you don’t usually share with others?
where’s a good place online to get refurbished gaming laptops that are trustworthy and legit?
What is a universally loved celebrity that you like?
Which video game can be perfectly integrated into the real world?
What is the main lesson you took away from the movie, Forrest Gump?
What is da Best Bot on Reddit?
Redditors from the USA… what is your state doing to help financially through the pandemic?
Travelers of Reddit, why do you love to travel?
What does sweet home Alabama refers to? And what does it actually mean?
what is the most drastic change your hair underwent?
What do you believe in
What're your feel good songs?
What was your teen romance story?
What's the scariest or creepiest audio you've ever heard?
What are the some interesting highly active servers and there links. you wanna discussion and share ?
When is an attractive supermodel influencer going to have less of a voice/platform than someone who can articulate climate change so that everyone actually understands what is happening?
What tragic event has happened in your life after your birth?
What surprised you the most after having a baby?
What is your special home cooked meal ?
What a girl can't resist?
What was something completely normal to do pre-COVID but now isn’t?
(Serious) What should be bought to ease on parents with their first child?
What was the last time you went to a school? Did anything interesting happen?
What was the greatest idea you had that backfired?
What made your 2021 less terrible?
What do you predict your physical on-scene dying position is going to be?
How was last weekend?
what is the most horrifying thing you've ever seen?
When was a time that the people we thought were crazy turned out to be right?
[Serious] Can't access a FB group despite being a member, what may be leading to this?
How it feels to be naked in an alone place?
Who is the most annoying actor?
What is something that you are extremely proficient in that your parent/s weren’t/aren’t?
How independent of culture is knowledge (what one believes is the truth) in Mathematics?
How do you feel about simulation theory?
Why are you subscribed to the subreddits you are subscribed to?
Who's a youtuber you stopped watching and why?
What do you do when you see something horrible and want to forget about it?
What is something you wouldn’t have gotten done if the pandemic didn’t happen?
People who have been cheated on, What happened when your SO a second chance?
If you could have any superpower for a day, what would it be?
What is lifetime goal in your life?
What non-real products from a movie or TV show do you wish was real?
What Meme would you enter into the Meme Hall of Fame?
Which method do you think is best for income?
[Serious] Women of Reddit, is it boring to see your boyfriend's/husband's naked body after a while of being together? Why or why not?
When did you walk in on someone ( may it be ur friends, family, anyone ) jacking off?
Have you found anything funnier in life that when there is a large group of people being silent, and out if no where, somebody farts really loud?
What’s your favorite term to use when referring a woman masturbating?
what is the best plan in your mind for winter?
What's a product you refuse to buy simply because of its advertising?
What game is not talked enough about?
What is obvious to you but apparently not to others?
(serious) what is a dream you would drop everything to make come true if you were able to?
You have been made the Chinese Communist Party head forever. What is the first thing you do?
What are the best ways to get more views and likes on Instagram reels?
How you can hold your emotions and secrets inside you ?
Male gynaes, tell us the the truth, why did you choose this specialisation?
How do you find new music to listen to?
How do You deal with the loss of a close one?
What if everyone commented the exact same thing on a post?
What is something you wish you could've said to someone before they left your life?
What was your break up song?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done at work, that should have resulted injury, but didn’t?
What's the worst thing that happened to you so far this year?
Whats something that you had low expectations for but it ended up exceeding them?
Police officers, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen?
What's a great movie that nobody talks about?
What is your fondest pet story?
What do you find easier to accept: that the vast majority of the world will never know you existed, or, that you will never ever see an unimaginable colour?
You have the ability to rewind time, what will you do?
In your opinion, what is the biggest difference between gay and straight cultures?
What’s your best, fail-proof, joke?
God gives you his power, what do you do?
What’s a movie or movie series that you think should be bigger?
Have you ever known a little kid who’s spoken about living a past life?
What’s one show from your childhood that you absolutely hated?
Jennys of Reddit, how has the movie, "Forrest Gump" affected your life?
What is a non-sexual activity that you enjoy doing with your partner?
[Serious] Retail and Service workers of Reddit, what is your scariest close or late night stocking shift story?
Whose biopic d'you think would be made in the coming years and which actor would play in it?
What haunts you day by day?
What actor is instantly recognized by one quote?
What helped you fight off social anxiety once and for all?
What's the best/funniest thing you or a child you know got stuck up your nose?
If You Had Any Superpower What Would It Be , and why?
What is your favourite song lyric?
How much money would you pay to never stub your toe again?
Women of Reddit, is there any way your SO can help you during a period? If so, what?
What's your favorite place?
What are some silly situations to be wearing sunglasses or prescription glasses?
Women of Reddit, Which do you prefer, Circumcised or uncircumcised? Why?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve done in school?
What’s your favorite queen album and why?
What's the worst game you've ever played?
What's the best joke you have off the top of your head?
For those who got Covid more than once, what was your experience like?
What would you name your yacht if you had one?
Who’s that one co-worker who should have been fired a long time ago, but management can’t fire them unless they really screw up, because they’re too short staffed? Are you expected to pick up their slack?
American redditors who have non-US SOs, where are they from and what are some things about them or what they do makes them attractive to you?
Where does Starbucks take out the cost from replacing a spilled/wrong drink?
Who are your favourite people on YouTube to watch?
What is your favorite piece of Reddit lore?
What is your opinion on trading stocks, is it profitable?
What is your favorite thing about your career or job?
How you can hold everything inside you ?
What was the cause of your friendship breakup?
What's your favorite obscure album of the 1990s?
What’s the best South Park episode of all time?
What is something you are proud of but don’t get to brag about it much?
"lets not suck the ghost of his dick too hard" who should that be said about?
What was the biggest lie you’ve told your parents that you have not come clean until this day?
Whats the best disney movie you watched that makes you instantly nostalgic?
What is your best idea for a plot of a movie, TV show, or novel?
Men, whats the furthest distance you've ever ejaculated while masturbating?
ARMYs, what is your favourite thing about BTS?
Which celebrity you jerked off to the most?
Anybody had any experience, and think it's possible for someone to never be tired? Why or why not?
what's a TV show that sucks but you still like to watch it?
Who has never had a friendship? How is it?
Which singer gave the best performance in a movie?
What is your comfort food?
What is your favorite foreign movie?
What is one good thing you have done for yourself this week?
What is an easy recipe that anyone can cook?
Who should voice Lola Bunny in a remake to Space Jam?
What's the most convincing paranormal thing to have ever happened to you, something so surreal that you not only can't explain it, but think that it would sound crazy to most ?
You're legally considered an adult at the age of 18, but at what age would you say you embraced adulthood & became a full fledged adult?
You are forced to write horoscopes for a newspaper, what will you write to get fired immediately?
When were you shit out of luck?
Looking for the two best horror films of all time. Go, what are they?
What is the closest thing to Love?
Small business owners, what do you sell?
How did you first get into Reddit?
As a doctor, what is the most self destructive thing you have seen a patient do?
What song was ruined for you because something bad happened while it was playing?
Which show/s have the perfect casting?
Trans / non-binary ppl, what do you wish your fellow Trans / non-binary ppl would stop doing immediately?
What is a small thing about a family member that just pisses you off?
What is the safest country/countries to emigrate to, in the South American Continent?
What is your favourite subReddit and why?
Who is a character from any form of entertainment that you would want to be friends with?
What song has been stuck in your head lately?
What's a bad habit that we all have?
Where can one find an epub file of The Hookup Equation by Roxie Noir?
What is one job/career you will never pursue? Why?
What was a school topic you said was going to be useless in the future that you actually ended up using?
You head the police department. Crime rates are increasing in the city. Which superhero do you send to reduce crime?
What are the most annoying traits in a person?
What are some psychological hacks/tricks that you use?
Why can’t female restrooms have tampons and pads?
What foods really damage your health and potentially shorten your lifespan ?
What arouse you the most?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to ask genderqueer people?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to ask women?
Hey cops, without all your gear on hand, hand-to-hand combat, how good are you REALLY?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to ask men?
What’s stopping you from pooping right now?
What are the simple things in life that make you happy?
What fastfood place has the best Nuggies?
If you could be anywhere right now where would it be?
What are some must have iPad apps?
According to Mr. Roger’s, “All of us have special ones who have loved us into being.” Who are those people who have loved you into being?
What is something that is pretty straight forward but people make needlessly complicated?
If you had to invent a new torture method what would it be?
Which decade produced the best music?
What's a TV show or movie you like but everyone hates?
People who dropped out of college, how do you think that decision impacted your life?
What is something that you want to do, even though you know it's probably a pointless waste of time or money?
What is your favorite Tommy Wiseau conspiracy?
Non-kpop fans, if you were to listen to a kpop band or artist, who would you look into?
What is a life skill everyone should know about?
If the world was going to end in the next 10 minutes, what would you do in those 10 minutes?
What’s the best way to save money in college?
what is your favorite hobby?
What are some of the dumbest opinions you’ve ever heard?
What cringy thing needs to stop being accepted as normal?
if someone sits on you while ur bent over , and a fart releases while they're doing so n the whole class ur in hears this, what r u doin?
Women of Reddit, what is your most successful flirt approach?
What is a retrospectively bad TV show/Movie that you want remade anyway?
Boys, what makes a girl instantly unattractive?
Why do you believe in God?
What’s the last horror movie you’ve seen and would you recommend it?
You vs An army of your username how f*ck you are?
For Redditors who don’t want kids, why?
Who is the Worst Character in Seasons 1–3 of YOU (Netflix)?
What Netflix original series were you most upset about being canceled?
What space conspiracy theory do you believe in?
What's the best thing to do to fall asleep quickly?
What was the worst time of your life, and how did you get out of it?
What’s the weirdest/craziest thing you’ve ever seen happen at a funeral?
How did you figure out your purpose in life?
What’s a game that’s worth every penny?
What is a technology/invention that has been recently discovered and is only available in testing phase but will have a huge impact on people in future?
What are some of the most wholesome subreddits you've found?
Which celebrity has the best sense of humor?
What's the dumbest thing you're famous for?
Who do you think is the best internet cat of all time?
What is the weirdest object you have entered in your holes?
What do you do to get over a breakup with your former best friend?
Toilet paper users, why do you refuse to switch to bidet+soap?
What would happen if we had that “3am motivation” all day?
What is that one thing of humanity we all look past?
Since prior years always seem to have a major disaster/theme. What do you think this year's disaster would be? (serious)
what is your favorite color in dress?
What’s your favorite gas station food?
Has there been an influx in plant based alternatives where you live? If so, how do you feel about it?
If you take a shower and come out clean how does your towel get dirty?
Which song hits you with the greatest feeling of nostalgia?
what was the time lag between the declaration of independence being signed and it becoming common knowledge that the queen was no longer "our" queen?
What afternoon nap do you regret, that made you feel like you are in another universe when you woke up?
(Serious) people who work minimum wage, or a dollar or two more, how much do you spend a week on food or every two weeks if you get paid biweekly?
What's that one belief you're ready to die for?
What's the worst possible job a really shy person could have?
What was your first dream job? And if you didn’t get to do it, would you still like to try it out now?
How hard was it for your parents to raise you?
What is your biggest flex?
If the wind could make an object dance, what would you put in it?
What’s the worst movie you’ve ever watched?
If you were god, what would you do different/better?
which one do you side with the council or anarchy?
What do you usually wear when you go to sleep?
What song is 10/10 that is underrated or unheard by the majority of people?
What small change would you make to a product that would make it 1000x better?
What’s the best accounting software for a small business?
What's a secret that could ruin your life?
Dear Reddit, what was the biggest booger you ever pulled out of your nose?
what is the best game nowadays in your mind?
what would the optimal length of life in years be for you and why?
What's something super specific but incredibly relatable?
What height do double amputees put on their IDs?
Crypto investors of reddit ! What is the absolute best source(yt/skillshare etc) to study crypto investment?
What was a tv show you loved that was cancelled at a horrible time?
What was the moment that changed your life (potentially) forever?
When are you planning to lose all that extra weight?
What animal would you consider ‘The animal of the future’ and why?
What is the reason that college senior year is so easy?
What are your tips for building will power?
If someone had the power to get a fever whenever they wanted, what practical uses could this have?
People scared of the dark, what’s something others don’t understand about whats wrong with it?
[Serious] how do you get through being robbed of everything you owned?
Dog owners of Reddit, why is the breed of your dog so endlessly fascinating to you?
What do you feel is an absolute waste of money, but people still have?
What is the dirtiest secret you know about someone ?
Whats the best sub reddit to ask about old games?
who is the best poet in the world?
What country would you never visit?
Whats that one thing you wish you never should have done?
For anyone still actively using a very old gen smartphone, how are you finding it today in 2022?
Untold things about bum love. How often anal lovers actually do it? Do you always need a long prep or does it get better with time? Does douching happen *all the time*? How do you promote anal healing?
What crazy thing happened at your graduation or last day of school?
What time is it now?
What song gets you instantly horny?
What are the advantages of being smart?
Redditors who are part of "The Great Resignation" what's your story, and what how are you handling your budget?
What's an unpopular movie that you love?
What should everyone get for free?
What do you think about misanthropy being by far one of the most realistic way to view mankind?
If you could meet god and he would answer one question truthfully, what would you ask him?
This is to people that 'vent' , how do you it?
What’s the most disturbing thing you’ve ever experienced?
[serious] what is your worst “somethings not right” moment, while being alone?
What’s the most interesting hobby you have/you have heard of?
What comeback did you think of only after the fact that you wish you had said in the moment?
You can choose any toppings for a sandwich (toppings between two slices of bread or on a bun) what do you choose?
What was the first red flag moment that you’re potentially dating a psycho?
If you could bring one person back from the dead to live out the rest of their natural life, who would it be?
What is one cool internet trick you've learned?
What is the worst insect to infest a house?
Money, what do you waste it on?
What is the most expensive thing you have ever stolen?
What is the biggest problem in today's society and what do you think the root cause is?
Has anyone here actually followed advice they've read on reddit? If so, what was it and how'd it go?
What would you still be doing if you continued to believe everything your grandparents told you when you were little?
What makes a person fun?
if the person you dated in high school was a stock, would you be up or down if you held and why?
What's your financial advice after turning into an adult?
What do you love about your pet(s)?
What is the income tax in your country? How much tax will a person pay if is income annually is 20/50/100/150 k$ ?
How long have you been using the first phone in your life ?
People who can’t show up on time, why?
What’s one thing that can’t be forgiven between friends?
What is a "small" movie series you think everyone needs to watch?
What's something you swear you invented first?
What's a stupid societal rule that is created in society that you never understood?
How would one go about aligning some Earthly object with a planet?
What are some gift ideas for an old man that just likes "to putter"?
Which game is disgustingly underrated but incredibly good?
Which is best color combination for you in Dress?
If you could make one crime legal, which one would it be?
If you could go back in time for one hour what would do?
You get to choose a new basic need, what is it and why?
Gamers who trash talked the wrong person what happened?
What is the creepiest thing ever said to you?
What do you think the world will be like after WW3?
What’s a healthy way to think about losing touch with close friends?
What is a fact that terrified you as a child but is no longer terrifying as an adult?
What movies are guaranteed to make you ball your eyes out?
What is the dumbest law in your town/city/province/ state/country that is actually enforced?
If you could have one more day with someone that’s passed away who would it be and what would you do?
Let's say you get reincarnated, what would you be and why?
what's the worst thing you tasted ever in a restaurant which in normal case is popular?
What if lies are the real truth and all truth we've known are the real lies?
What thing you saw has completely ruined your life?
If you have one superpower for a whole day, What it would be?
If you were the legal team of Dexter and he didnt't go on the run and killed Logan and would have stayed in the cell, what do you think were the chances of him getting free or just under 10 years? And what would be your defense?
What is your all-time favourite memory?
People who have come from a poor way of life to a well off one, or have known people well off, what were the most jarring things you noticed?
If you had 24 hours to be invisible, where's the first place you'd go?
Opinion-havers, what is the biggest change of opinion you have ever experienced?
what do you think are the worst subs on reddit?
If you could time travel, what year or era would you travel to?
What was the music video to your youth ?
What “cult classic” movie, that everyone loves, do you hate?
Which insane law would you introduce to your country if you had the chance?
What two celebrities do you get confused?
What would drug dealers and gangs do if all drugs were made legal and given away free to addicts?
People with insomnia, how do you guys manage when you travel? [Serious]
If all objects had "patch notes", what would you hope/expect to see in a particular item?
What is your favorite song? And why?
in your opinion what's the healthiest cuisine (Chinese, Russian, American, Indian, etc)?
There are many things that are easy to put on but hard to take off (tattoos, Sharpie permanent markers, packing tape, etc). What is hard to put on but easy to take off?
Urban Explorers; What is the scariest moment you ever experienced, while exploring?
What, in your opinion, does everybody need?
It’s 2022, what should be progressed by now but isn’t?
You put 12 socks in the washer and only 11 come out. Where did the missing sock go?
Pet owners of Reddit. Do you celebrate your pets birthday or the day they came home? Why or why not?
What would happen, if scientists discovered and proved that plants and vegetables are more intelligent than humans and feel pain and they found a way to communicate with them via radio signals?
People who go to school on the weekends instead of weekdays, what’s it like?
Has anyone here been on a show like Jerry Springer, Maury or Dr. Phil? Or have a relative, friend, or acquaintance who was? What was your experience, what happened after, where are you now, etc.?
what do you do on those extremely boring lessons?
What ridiculous requests have you been made at work?
Where is your all-time dream vacation?
What movie if it came out today would be way more controversial than it was when it was originally released?
What's your best quality that you'd never say without anonymity?
What's the scariest nightmare you've had?
What’s one country you never want to visit?
What’s the most memorable line from the worst movie you ever saw?
What’s the most psycho thing you’ve done relating to your crush that they don’t know about?
Some people help others and some don't. What make them like this?
What is the scariest thing you have seen or heard from any forum? Be it some publication or whatever?
[SERIOUS] What if, after all of Russia's nukes explode, it declares war on all of the former Soviet socialist republics, which include NATO members for better security? How would the world react and what would china do?
What’s an idea for an app you would build if you knew how to?
When there has too many things make your not happy in life ,how to adjust your mindset to face all this ?
What's your argument against/in favor of Toilet Papers vs Water?
What's a comedy that completely failed to make you laugh?
Workaholics of Reddit, what would you say to someone dating a workaholic?
Considering the technological advancement what is that one gadget you think should have been invented by now, but is still not available?
How would people even recognize the signs of civil war?
Have you ever taken a “leap of faith” that didn’t work out? What happened?
What are your opinions on a "friends with benefits" type of relationship? Is it a good way to start something more...?
what is the most disturbing thing you've found on the internet?
What movie you can rewatch and never get bored of it?
What is the worst thing you have done?
Where would you like to go on your first post pandemic vacation?
if you could erase one moment out of existence what would It be?
Married people, at what point did you realize that they were the one you were gonna marry?
What are you proud of?
What can users do to discourage click bait stories?
What's your opinion on crypto would you consider it gambling?
What ONE episode of a show you love, might interest others into watching? (ideally on hulu/netflix/peacock/etc...)[Serious]
People who have had to move in with new relatives at as a minor, how did you adjust to the change in lifestyle? What was different and how did you deal with it?
What is the best wholesome prank you've pulled?
What happend to battlefield 2042?
What's the strangest fact you know?
What’s your favorite niche horror movie?
When referring to a specific African country, why do so many choose not to name the country and just call it “Africa”?
How do you feel about people who do hobbies that aren’t mainstream? Are they cool or just different?
What are some school life hacks that feel illegal?
People who confronted intruders at home, what is your story?
Why has being gay been such an issue for humans? Like what caused such homophobia?
What is an issue that we all just live with instead of solving it?
What's your favorite UNO card?
Which movie is incredibly good but terribly underrated?
In your opinion how do you think censorship will effect everyday life by 2030?
What is your all-time favourite Pokemon?
What’s your worst dating story?
What is the most significant pain you’ve experienced?
If you were to rewrite the constitution, what would you change?
What is the worst judgment that you gave to someone that you will forever regret?
Which movie has the best original soundtrack?
What thing that you do everyday can probably get someone cancelled on social media ?
People who have had to panhandle to get by: how much would you make on an average day?
If you could move the location of one of your body parts, which would you move where and why?
Which nation currently has the strongest leader? What brought you to that conclusion?
What’s something you went to the ER for that ended up being stupid?
What's your favorite sports team and why?
Just curious - how many tries does it take you to post something here after clearing all the breaching of the rules??
What come after generation beta? (serious)
Sex workers, what led you to do what you do? How do you feel about doing it?
If you could change one fact in the MCU stories, what would it be?
What item is considered your impulse purchase?
Is there a song that evokes a specific memory for you? What's the song and what's the memory?
Do people really sit when going to Publix bathrooms or just stand close and hope for the best?
What is the Lorem Ipsum of music?
What was the most awkward moment in your life?
what is your guilty pleasure??
What are some jokes that needs to be laid down to rest?
What makes a restaurant look like a homey friendly place?
What significant scientific or mathematical breakthroughs come from the "millennial" generation?
Have you ever suddenly became afraid of something you were once ok with, suck as becoming afraid of the dark? Why and haw did you adjust?
[SERIOUS] What if a portal opened between the US here and the US from another dimension, which is the sake world as 1944? How would both worlds react and what would the modern day US do? How would this portal change our worlds?
What did you think of the taste of meat when you tried it for the first time?
People of reddit, can you suggest places for hnaout with a friends who arent really close?
What are some quirks that your devices and appliances have?
What has been happiest moment in your life?
What sentence changed your life?
What are the best methods of prostate massage?
How's the real world treating you lately?
What song makes you feel like a bad bitch?
What is the most offensive "no offense but" line said to you?
How’s that one feels sad but doesn’t really know why?
When the going gets tough, how do you keep yourself motivated?
If humanity was put on trial by an advanced race of aliens, how would you defend humanity and argue for its continued existence?
When you're having sex, the ejaculation comes out automatically or you guys let it comes out?
What song get you motivated no matter the situation?
what's your worst interaction with the opposite gender?
What is a podcast or documentary film that you absolutely must see/listen to from the crime/murder genre?
Random person scrolling reddit. How do you find a possible lover in hs?
What is a job that is highly dangerous but people assume isn’t because « it look easy »?
How did you get rid of sugar cravings?
What is something you’ll never forgive your parents for?
What bad experience made you realize that law is not a synonym of justice ?
Why did you get on Reddit in the first place?
was there anyone in your school/work you wanted gone because they were so annoying? who and why?
What’s the largest shit you taken?
What is the e worst place to be during the beginning of an apocalypse?
Why has it changed from PM to DM?
what's the most cruel thing your teacher has ever done to you?
Hey Reddit, what’s the prettiest town in your state/country, and why is it so darn lovely?
What is a simulator game you would recommend?
What have you decided to quit by 2022?
Who was the most evil person you ever met or encountered?
If a man and a woman arranged to make an amateur porn film involving rape roleplay, and they agreed that the woman would scream "no" and try to stop the man from penetrating her, what would the man's options be if the woman later went to the cops and accused him of genuine rape?
Redditors, what is the worst experience you have had with electronics?
What is your regular dream/nightmare?
how does one acquire a sugar daddy?
Men of Reddit, What are some tips every guy should know?
What is it like to work at a restaurant or store at the airport, and is the difficulty to get those jobs at the airport the same as not at the airport?
Chefs of reddit, what’s your favorite dish to make?
What famous person death didn’t really ruin your day?
What's some good advice that you just didn't take?
What is a positive outcome of the pandemic?
What are some songs that completely wreck your shit?
If you could meet anyone past/present who would it be and why?
People who quit soda/pop/cola after a long time addiction, how did it feel? Did you feel sick at all? How do you avoid going back to it?
Why can't society afford the things it used to?
What’s your thoughts on vegans? and why?
What's the best late night snack?
Whats biggest example of the butterfly effect you've seen?
What is your favorite thing about your least favorite person?
What was the food you ate as a kid that you refuse to make/eat now?
What are some horrible things that still happen in the world today that most people don’t know about?
What was the best 90s tv show?
What's a totally SFW thing you still use incognito to look up?
What’s your dream job?
What is a smell that brings back old memories for you?
For people who don’t have any close friends or family members to talk to , how do you cope or handle tough situations in life?
[Serious] What is the most terrifying paranormal things you’ve ever had occur?
What is the WW2 equivalent of F-35 Lighting, A-10 and B-52?
[serious] Do you prefer the Cities or small town life? why?
Which game would you want to see totally redone with new graphics but same mechanics?
What REALLY bothers you?
What scene in a TV show/movie makes you roll your eyes every time you see it?
People who have sold an NFT for $1,000,000 or more, what’s your story?
Redditors, where are you from, and what would you wish the world, especially the West stop assuming/jumping to conclusions about you or your place?
What are some dependable platforms to use when seeking outsourcing partners in Asia who do mobile (devOps) development?
What's a good business to get into and why?
Willem dafoe,Christopher walken, Gary Busey or John Malkovich. you get to hang out with on for a day so who do you choose and why?
Anti-bucket list. What’s something you won’t do again?
Are there any bands whose apparel you can wear and no one will make fun of you for it?
If you could recommend one piece of media to someone visiting from 100 years in the future to catch them up on present day, what would it be?
How old were you the last time you wet your bed (urine)?
What is more difficult to do: sucking dick or eating pussy?
Ebay, Etsy, Amazon, Offerup, Nextdoor, Craigslist. What are the pros and cons of each? Would you never sell on any of them specifically? Would you only sell on one specific one and why?
What keepsake would you have liked to have received or given from someone who passed away?
What Happened on January 11 2021?
What's something you loathed as a kid, but now it's your favorite?
What’s the worst pet you’ve ever had?
What's the most generous thing someone has ever done for you that you will never forget?
What are some subreddits for a newcomer to reddit?
Who has had the most positive impact on your life and why/how?
What do you do to enjoy the last day of your holidays to the fullest?
What subreddit truly disturbed/frightened/grossed you out beyond belief?
What is the worst ending for a movie that you've ever seen?
If you could buy an NFL expansion team what city and what team name would you choose?
How are you still feeling excited for the future ?
What villain was the best part of a story? Why and where from?
Teachers of Reddit, how has TikTok impacted your life?
How common is it to lose your virginity to someone you've just met?
What’s an etiquette of Reddit that a newcomer should be aware of?
What is your useless skill?
What is the best taste you have ever experienced?
If you were given one chance to take away all the pollution in the world, when would you use it? Now?10years from now?50 years?Or more?
How much oxytocin is generated in the human brain for every virtual like on Reddit?
How do you cope with heartbreak?
What’s your most inappropriate crush you’d never admit to anyone irl?
If you lost your hearing 10 or 20 years ago and had been completely deaf for this period what would be the first song you would listen to?
Older brothers of Reddit, what do you find most annoying?
How was your experience selling products on Etsy?
Stoners what is the greatest food combo you've discovered?
What are the pettiest/cheapest things you have seen people do?
Which cuisine is overrated?
Gay people of Reddit what are your thoughts on (mostly) straight guys acting "sus" or gay around friends as a joke?
What did you overhear that you shouldn’t have?
What surprised you most during your first trip to the US?
What are some positive and inspiring soundtracks that make you feel good?
Have you left somewhere only to later learn that some crazy/terrible/exciting thing happened and you had no clue?
Where do you want to visit but it kinda freaks you out?
What celebrity story do you have that shows they are either a great or terrible person?
Only using food, what state or country are you from ?
Is there a book or a study where someone asked hundreds of people from different cultures what the meaning of life is?
Who is your least favorite YouTuber?
What are some music that you would describe as being trippy and psychedelic sounding?
How do you butter your corn on the cob?
What has been heavily politicized?
[serious] Formerly toxic people of Reddit: When did you realize you were the toxic person in someone’s life?
What was your least proudest fap?
To the people who have lived double lives: Why did you do it?
Those who don’t support people who are in the LGBTQ+ community, why are you against that lifestyle? What is it about them you don’t support?
What’s something out of our control that’s better to just not think about?
If you had a one-way time travel ticket, to which time would you return?
If you had to lose 1 of your 5 senses which would it be and why?
What's your funniest breakup story?
How can one get rid of pimples on the scrotum?
What is your city known for?
What's your worst injury?
What are some tabletop games similar to Dungeons and Dragons but at a much smaller scale for 2-3 people?
What is a garbage anime that is hilariously entertaining?
If you had to pick a winner in street fight, which Disney villain would it be and why ?
When did Your approval of this subreddit drop the most?
You wake up on a chess board, what piece are you?
What’s a dead giveaway that someone isn’t a native English speaker in written text?
people who've done a complete 180 on an opinion - what changed your mind?
You have complete control over your own universe. What kind of depraved shit are you looking forward to doing?
Massage therapists of reddit, who was your strangest client?
What's a band that everyone loves but are too ashamed to admit it?
What do you do after work instead of watching TV?
Super Hero was created accidentally - what would be the actual chain of events after that?
If you could turn one of your strong points into a superpower, what would it be and why?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever experienced?
Have you ever been stalked? What action did you take against the stalker?
What are some foods you shouldn't be given access to, because you will obsessively eat ungodly amounts of it?
Redditors in the food service industry, what are your biggest pet peeves?
People who hate their birthdays, why?
Tourists who have visited America, what surprised you the most?
What's the weirdest thing you have ever seen while driving ?
Spray painting the outside of a bucket for an indoor DIY table with indoor/outdoor spray paint. When allowing the paint to dry, when is it safe to bring the bucket inside to avoid fumes?
People who have had Paranormal experiences, what happened?
What do people mean when a song is “easy listening”?
What are some international current events Americans wouldn’t be aware of?
What does Reddit think about Tucker Carlson?
look to your right, what is the first thing you saw?
How do you get past the “fear of rejection” and build the courage to ask someone out?
What is something you should never buy used?
[SERIOUS] What if aliens from a democratic society sent diplomats to every country, but after the diplomats in Russia and China criticised the governments there, these diplomatic disappeared and the aliens declare war on Russia and china? How would the world react?
In your opinion, what is the best instrument?
Let's say you have explosive diarrhea and you are in the bathroom pooping, but suddenly a 8.0 earthquake happens. What would you do?
What’s a time you should of stood up for someone but instead you just stood there with everyone else?
Let's say hypothetically we make the perfect country. How would we eliminate most of the modern day problems our civilization has. What is your idea of any solution?
If you suddenly met yourself, but as the opposite gender, what do you think would happen?
if you had 24 hours to live what would you do?
What question is asked to often?
[serious] When did you tell your significant other you loved them for the first time ?
What questions are asked over and over again on AskReddit?
What trivial paranormal activities would you do in an eternity as a ghost?
What's the worst pick ip line you ever used before?
What's the best road trip you've ever been on?
What are some good prank calls?
What US President makes you horny, why?
George Addair states: “Everything you've ever wanted is sitting on the other side of fear.” What fear is holding you back?
If someone asks you for a demonstration of your new phone, what do you actually show them?
Stupid people of Reddit. How did you make it this far being as dumb as you are?
What one thing ruined an entire movie for you?
What is the best song?
What a good advice for someone who got out of a long, serious and happy relationship?
What do you usually do during weekends?
What was your experience with therapy like?
Your workplace/school/etc. is hosting show and tell. What three items are you bringing?
What is the best song that no one knows about?
How are you like in bed?
What’s your favourite word?
What’s a great movie that nobody talks about?
What's a movie you forgot you saw because it was so bad?
Your job is to freak out the bookstore cashier by only buying three books. What do you buy?
What did your parents or grandparents do that was considered normal that would be considered crazy or bad today?
Teachers of Reddit. What's the craziest/strangest thing you've ever witnessed?
What's the craziest story that happened because you were horny?
What is your "nails on a chalkboard" sound / feeling?
Alabama fans, how you feeling right now?
What's the biggest upside to your life since COVID happened?
What are some of the most underrated performances in a movie/TV show and why?
redditers, what keeps you going?
You stop time for 2 hours. What do you do?
If there to be a WWIII, what sides would it be?
What’s something you were taught growing up that you no longer believe?
What is the most overrated pile of crap movie you have ever seen?
What lyrics are almost instantly recognizable?
What got on that last nerve?
Current and former coke heads of reddit, what is your craziest masturbation story?
What are the closest consequences you has seen of bad parenting ?
[Serious] what is something you've been wanting to share, but haven't found the right r/askreddit question for?
What's a red flag in a friendship?
What “universal truths” are accepted by most or all people?
anyone been caught shoplifting at walmart? and how did you slip up?
What is expensive but worth every penny?
To the beautiful people of Reddit. When did you realise you were beautiful. Was it a precise moment or was it something you realised over time? Or have you always known?
People who are already fit/skinny, what kind of new year resolutions do you end up having?
What's with all of the "what's a thing you dislike" posts on the front page this past week?
What really chaps your ass?
If you were to describe yourself as a book, which one would it be and why?
What is your favorite Transformer?
People who run the AC in 30 degree F weather, why?
Drs/nurses/EMTs of Reddit, what are some of the things people have told you as they took their last breaths or on their death beds?
What is the fnaf cannon?
What do you wanna ask a sexual asexual?
what was the last thing you were about to comment, but didn't?
What simple fact is all you need to realize that something really important is actually just a big lie?
What is a food you used to eat a lot during childhood (below 12), but don’t even look at or barely touch now?
How could've one decision changed your life?
Where would you go to start new life?
If you were to tell a young person who wants to be a game developer some advice on how they should change the industry, what would you tell them?
How bad is sugar free soda?
When Did You First Realize Your Family Was Toxic And Negatively Affecting Your Mental Health?
Who/what is loved in your household that you absolutely HATE?
People who keep cockroaches as pets. Why?
What movie made the greatest impact on you?
When is it okay to lie to your partner?
Prison gaurds of Reddit, have you ever had a celebrity in you facility, and what does prison look like to the rich and famous?
People who have found a dead body, whats your story? [Serious]
How do you get users onto your new community on Reddit?
What's a great movie that nobody talk about?
Not taking into account any real state or vehicles, what's the single, most expensive thing you own and how much is it worth it?
What is irrefutable that a mother has been a good mother?
When was the last time you saw the sun or touched grass?
What monster or horror story seems totally lame now that you’re an adult, but used to scare the crap out of you when you were younger?
What's a true crime case that still gives you chills just thinking about it?
What was the bet you thought you’d win?
What is the best fringe benefit of your job?
What’s a TV show or movie you promised someone you’d definitely check out but never did?
[Serious] What is depression like with the right medication and good therapist? Are friendships and relationships easier to maintain and navigate?
How would you describe Reddit compared to someone who’s only used Facebook?
How did you quit vaping and how did quitting affect you?
You can bring back one celebrity from the dead - Who would it be and why?
What are the benefits for preschool?
Guys of Reddit, you’re transformed into a super hot girl and you’re hit on on a daily basis by guys, to the point where it’s borderline sexual harassment. How would you deal with that situation?
Your username is now your profession, how proud are your parents?
What stupid thing did you do after asking someone to hold your beer?
Where do we get the data to measure the global population?
What ice cream flavour is underrated?
What is something you swear you saw, but no one believes you?
Redditors that dated and/or married your first cousins, what’s your story?
If you were a superhero what would your power be?
What is something selfish that the selfish swears is not?
Which celebrity do you feel bad for and why?
What age should a child go to nursery school?
how are you doing today?
What are The benefits of preschool education?
Retail workers, whats that little thing that customers do that drives you crazy?
What’s your perfect date idea?
What are 90’s things we were used to as kids that kids now wouldn’t be able to handle?
What is truly a good life?
What’s the biggest Crock of Shit that you are currently dealing with?
What is a family tradition you have that others would find weird?
What is the most f up thing you’ve done?
What is the most important thing to you right now?
What scene do you consider the best ever opening to a TV show or movie?
What celebrities do you actually have respect for and why?
What is the best hot sauce?
What was some advice you were given that turned out to be complete bullshit?
Those who travel frequently, which country did you experience to be the most technologically advanced?
What is the worst thing that ever happened to you?
What’s your favourite animated series?
What damaged f’d character from a movie did you always secretly want to be?
Whats the weirdest thing the edgy kid did?
What's with the serious tags literally everywhere here now?
What did Matt Damon and Ben affleck due for Harvey Weinstein to hire them ghostwriters for good will hunting and make them super stars?
What's a great non-English TV show everyone should watch?
What would you have spent your time with if video games never existed?
What would happen if a butt plug got lost in you? How would you go about getting it out?
How do you find a womans G-force?
You're 12 years old! The comment section is Google search. What did you search for?
Covid took away a dream foreign vacation. How to fill the void?
What's the hardest question have you ever received?
What TV series that had potential should be relaunched, amending some mistakes in its original plot?
(ive liked them for 7 years) What do you do if you confess, then they just say "uhhhhh" and walk away??
What are some of the most horrifying ways of dying?
Why are you incredibly mad right now?
What is your "never in a million years would Iever see this again" moment?
To all of the wealthy/rich redditors out there what did you do to become wealthy how did you start and how did you keep whatever was making you money going?
To all 1bd house/apt owners/renters (assuming male). Do you have a pee spot outside your designated restroom? If so, describe it and why it was chosen?
How do you feel about the life you're living? Have you become the person your parents wanted you to be?
Who is your favourite real life, not a couple, couple to ship?
What meme song do you unironically love?
What gave you nostalgia the first time you experienced it?
What is the hardest lesson you have learned in life?
Who is your favourite non-cannon couple to ship?
When people say “that hit the spot”. What is the “spot”?
Europeans, what's the reason you are awake right now?
How can we achieve world peace?
Someone leaked and published your Sonic x Shadow gay fanfiction all over school. How do you respond?
What is a food combination you swear by that other’s find weird?
What is a surefire way to fix your sleep schedule?
You wake up as a deacon in a Martian church. What do you do?
What is the best and worst thing that happened to y’all since the beginning of 2022?
What was that most humiliating way your parents punished you that still haunts you till this day?
Would you eat your wife's natural chocolate why or why not?
How do you strike up conversations with strangers when solo barhopping?
What was your most vivid dream?
What lego builds can be considered god tier level ?
If someone has a clogged/stuffed nose from a cold and they were kidnapped and the kidnapper put duct tape over their mouth, what would happen?
What is The Scariest Movie that you have ever seen?
Who are the three best football players of all times?
What's something you did as a kid, but you never grew out of?
What was special about your first pair of favorite shoes ?
How would the world be a better place if everyone was just like you?
What NSFW question have you always wanted to ask the opposite sex ?
Redditors of Reddit whats something you wish other Redditors on Reddit would stop doing on Reddit?
What was the dumbest thing you remember someone doing in school?
How did you feel after having to cut up a sick parents meal for the first time ?
What has a 0% chance of happening?
People who don't flush in public toilets. Why?
What’s a food everyone swears is good as shit but to you it’s nasty as hell?
What do most people think they know, but are completely incorrect?
You're offered an opportunity to redo your life but you can only change one thing, how different would things be for you today?
[serious] what is your embarrassing accidental orgasm story?
What’s your “strange addiction?”
